
                              501 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

"[#x2dc]Singin' in Rain' disappoints

BYLINE: by MARK KANNY

LENGTH: 335 words


Rain outside Heinz Hall on Friday night didn't dampen the mood inside where the
Pittsburgh Symphony Pops played the score of "Singin' in the Rain" while the
iconic film was shown on a screen above the orchestra.

Using an orchestra to accompany a film is hardly new, although it is being done
more often these days as orchestras look for new ways to attract audiences.

"Singin' in the Rain" would seem to be a perfect vehicle because sound is
central to the film's plot. The film is a satire of Hollywood at the time silent
films gave way to talkies. The screenplay by Adolph Green and Betty Comden is
both sly and hilarious. The film won no Oscars, perhaps because the comedy cut
too deeply, but it's now at the top of the American Film Institute's list of the
Greatest Movie Musicals of All Time.

The brilliance of Gene Kelly, Donald O'Connor and 19-year-old Debbie Reynolds
remains fresh 63 years after the film was released.

Using a live orchestra meant the original orchestral recording was removed from
the soundtrack, leaving voices and sound effects, as well as a vaudeville violin
duo.

Unfortunately, what was left sounded tinny on Friday night. Since the shrill
natural voice of a silent film star is a crux of the action, the shock of
hearing Jean Hagen as Lina Lamont for the first time was diminished.

Another technical issue was the brightness of the lights on the music stands,
which diminished the contrast and clarity of the bottom of the film screen.

A third disappointment was an extraneous intermission inserted about midway
through the film.

Conductor Lawrence Loh provided impressive coordination between the film and the
orchestra. The music making generally was winning, but there were a few spots
where the playing was without much spirit.

The concert will be repeated at 7:30 p.m. Saturday and 2:30 p.m. Sunday in Heinz
Hall, Downtown. Admission is $24.75 to $99.75.

Mark Kanny is classical music critic for Trib Total Media. He can be reached at
412-320-7877 or mkanny@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            January 1, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

SEEKING HELP FOR LASTING SEXUAL SIDE EFFECTS

BYLINE: Joe Graedon, M.S., and Teresa Graedon, Ph.D.

SECTION: C; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 551 words


Q. Now that I'm nearing divorce court (in large part due to sexual
difficulties), I was dismayed by the response to a person inquiring about
finasteride (Proscar). I have every single side effect in your answer.

I have not taken Proscar for some time. I was very distressed to read that the
sexual side effects may last for years.

I have zero libido and zero erections. How long might these effects last? Can
they be reversed with over-the-counter treatments, or am I history, sexually? I
am only 60.

A. No one knows how long sexual side effects such as lowered libido, erectile
problems, reduced penis size and diminished sensation or pleasure during orgasm
may last after finasteride is stopped.

This finding is relatively recent (Journal of Sexual Medicine, November 2012).
The men in this study were followed for up to 16 months after they stopped the
drug, and many were still having problems.

Finasteride is used to treat male pattern baldness and symptoms of enlarged
prostate. As far as we know, there is no OTC treatment to reverse the sexual
side effects. Please discuss your symptoms with a urologist to see if there are
any other treatment options.

Q. What effect do cortisone shots have on the body? In order to keep playing
tennis, I have received shots in my hip, knees and shoulders during the past few
years.

I have read that oral prednisone can lead to osteoporosis. What about shots? Are
there any strategies to reverse such a problem?

A. Diminished bone density and osteoporosis are well-known complications of oral
prednisone treatment. A new study of injected corticosteroids found that a
single shot into the spine for back pain reduced bone mineral density of the hip
(Spine, Dec. 1, 2012). Whether administered by injection, in pills or through an
inhaler, steroids weaken bones.

We are sending you our Guide to Osteoporosis, with a discussion of drugs that
hasten bone loss and ways to prevent it. Anyone who would like a copy, please
send $3 in check or money order with a long (No. 10), stamped (65 cents),
self-addressed envelope to: Graedons' People's Pharmacy, No. U-92, P.O. Box
52027, Durham, NC 27717-2027. It also can be downloaded for $2 from our website:
www.peoples pharmacy.com.

Extra vitamin D, calcium, regular weight-bearing exercise and osteoporosis
medications may be helpful to prevent fractures.

Q. When the recall of Ranbaxy atorvastatin was announced because of glass
particles in the pills, I had 30 left of a 90-day supply. The pharmacist said he
had no way of tracing the lot number of my prescription. He offered to replace
the pills I still had with pills from another supplier of atorvastatin.

I don't understand how manufacturers can track lot numbers of canned goods or
cereal, yet consumers have no way of knowing if they have taken pills from
recalled lot numbers. Apparently, pharmacies are not required to pass the lot
number on to the user or record it in their computer system.

A. You have identified a weak link in the prescription-drug supply chain. Many
states do not require pharmacists to note the lot number on dispensed medication
or even keep a record of the original source. If there is a recall, as there was
in the case of Ranbaxy's atorvastatin, there is no good way to determine whether
dispensed pills are problematic.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: In their column, Joe and Teresa Graedon answer letters from readers.
Write to them in care of this newspaper or email them via their Web site:
www.Peoples Pharmacy.com.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              503 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Montana Standard (Butte)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 21, 2010 Saturday

Trial to settle salary dispute

BYLINE: George Plaven, The Montana Standard, Butte

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 489 words


Aug. 21--PHILIPSBURG -- A dispute over the work hours of the Granite County
justice of the peace is heading to trial.

Arguing the position should be kept at full-time, Justice of the Peace Richard
"Dick" Motta filed a complaint last December against commissioners Cliff Nelson,
Suzanne Browning and Maureen Connor.

The commission had passed a resolution making the job part-time on June 30,
2009, a day before Motta assumed the unexpired term of Samuel Brown, who
resigned.

An earlier resolution approved by the commission on Feb. 17, 2009, set the
justice of the peace at 40 hours per week, but the June resolution brought them
down to 20 due to a "decreased workload." The job, at 20 hours weekly, pays
$17,798 per year.

Judge Kurt Krueger will preside over the bench trial at 9 a.m. Monday in the
Granite County courthouse in Philipsburg. He assumes jurisdiction from Judge Ray
Dayton, who recused himself last December.

The trial follows an Aug. 3 settlement conference that failed to resolve the
case, according to a report by Helena mediator Stuart Kellner.

In his complaint, Motta stated the caseload for the justice court has not
diminished and that he is unable to administer the court with the same
efficiency on a reduced schedule.

Motta also cited the Montana Constitution, that a justice's salary can't be
diminished during terms of office. The current term does not expire until Dec.
31.

Another letter from Motta to the commissioners states he did not voluntarily
waive his full-time status, and the salary should not be reduced until the term
has expired.

Michael Sehestedt, chief legal counsel for the Montana Association of Counties,
represents the commissioners and filed his answer to the complaint on March 31.

Sehestedt argued that commissioners advertised the position as part-time before
appointing Motta on June 23, 2009, which waives any claim he might have had to
full-time salary.

"I don't think there's any dispute the commissioners were intending a part-time
position, and that (Motta) applied for a part-time position," Sehestedt told The
Montana Standard on Friday.

Motta, who is representing himself, declined comment while the case is pending.

Voters will elect a new justice of the peace in Granite County during the Nov. 2
general election. Debbie Fratzke, the top vote-getter in the June primary, faces
Jim Adie. Motto also ran in the June primary, but received the lowest number of
votes.

Reporter George Plaven may be reached via e-mail at george.plaven@lee.net

To see more of The Montana Standard, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mtstandard.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Montana Standard, Butte
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100821-BU-HLT-Trial-to-settle-salary-dispute-20100821

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BU


                      Copyright 2010 The Montana Standard


                              504 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 11, 2010 Thursday
                                 NORTH EDITION

School districts, state share blame for pension crisis

BYLINE: DAVID L. McDONALD, Richland

SECTION: METRO; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. N-3

LENGTH: 351 words


In recent North articles about pension funds ("Board's 'preliminary' budget
raises tax rate by 3.99 mills," Feb 18; "Officials fear pension changes will
fuel tax increase next year," Feb. 11), school districts were bemoaning a
problem that is giving credence to the adage of "chickens coming home to roost"
in regard to teacher pension funds. These school districts have been partners in
the issue that has developed over the years, and they need to acknowledge their
complicity. .

From the time they are hired, teachers pay a percentage of their pay toward
their retirements, and for 35 years, that payment was to be matched by both the
local school district and the Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. For years, that
formula worked, and the pension fund was fully funded.

However, for approximately the past decade, according to information provided by
the Pennsylvania State Education Association and the American Federation of
Teachers Pennsylvania, politicians and officials in Harrisburg excused both
their own financial obligation and the school districts' obligation to pay their
fair share into the pension fund. In fact, for a couple of those years, these
two sides paid virtually nothing into the fund. All the while, teachers still
were paying the required percentage of their salary into the fund. Both these
entities that were deferring their contributions knew full well that these
deferred payments eventually would have to be met.

The teacher pension fund relies on intelligent fund managers to keep careful
watch on the fund, but the dot.com crisis, coupled with the recession, caused
the funds to be diminished. Since the state and the districts had not been
paying their obligations, these fund managers now had less to manage.

Had the commonwealth and the school districts been contributing as the
individual teachers were contributing, this current dilemma that districts find
themselves in would be greatly diminished.

As people hear about schools and rising costs for teacher pensions, remember who
did continue to contribute their obligated amounts to their pensions. Don't
blame the teachers.

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Please include your name, address and phone number and send to Letters to
the Editor, 34 Blvd. of the Allies, Pittsburgh PA 15222. E-mail letters to
letters@post-gazette.com or fax to 412-263-2014. / All letters are subject to
editing and will be verified before being published. Only one letter from an
individual will be published every three months. When there are many letters on
the same topic, sometimes only one will be used

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              505 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            December 31, 2012 Monday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

LAKERS NOTEBOOK: JAMISON DOESN'T WANT TO ROCK BOAT

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 501 words


Two days after openly questioning the thought process behind his diminished
role, Lakers forward Antawn Jamison apologized.

"I shouldn't have expressed my frustrations the way I did, especially after a
win," Jamison said following Sunday's practice. "It derails from what we're
trying to do here."

He also reiterated his preference playing for the Lakers.

"There's not going to be no rocking the boat for myself or demanding a trade,"
Jamison said. "I'm here for the long haul. I'm here to help this team win a
championship. If the opportunity comes up again, I just have to be patient and
be ready for the opportunity to present itself."

The Lakers (15-15) have won six of their past seven games, coinciding with
Jamison sitting out the past five. That reflected a stark contrast to the
Lakers' initial expectations when they signed him this offseason to a one-year
deal worth the veteran's minimum ($1.4 million). Few expected Jamison would
reflect his career 19.2 points per game through 15 seasons.

But they envisioned him becoming the Lakers' sixth man and lead the bench with
secondary scoring.

Shortly after the Lakers fired Mike Brown, Jamison's role expanded under coach
Mike D'Antoni. He posted a season-high 33 points against Denver on Nov. 30 and
then averaged 12.3 points over the next four games. But Metta World Peace's
offensive and defensive consistency, Jordan Hill's energy and Jamison's streaky
shooting and subpar defense all have contributed toward a diminished role.
Jamison even sat in the Lakers' blowout win Friday over Portland when
seldom-used reserves Devin Ebanks, Robert Sacre and Earl Clark played in garbage
time, a decision D'Antoni says he made out of respect for the veteran.

That prompted Jamison to vent his frustrations.

"It doesn't make sense at all," Jamison said. "They're pretty much telling me my
services are no longer needed."

D'Antoni repeatedly praised Jamison's professionalism and downplayed any rift.

"I can understand why it's difficult to accept or needs a better explanation,"
D'Antoni said. "I could do a better job of communicating. But I'm great, he's
great, the team's winning."

Respecting the Clippers

The Lakers might have their New Year's Day game against the Philadelphia 76ers
in front of them. But they already entertained talk surrounding the
Lakers-Clippers matchup Friday at Staples Center in what's considered a
Clippers' home game.

"They're real good and they're having a great (winning) streak (17 games), so
we'll have to reckon with them," D'Antoni said. "They're kind of setting the bar
of where we need to get to."

Embracing social media

Kobe Bryant described using Nike's Twitter handle from Dec. 25-27 as "cool" and
"fun," but he sounds unsure on whether he will set up a permanent account.

"Maybe," he said. "The one thing about me is when I'm doing it, I enjoy doing it
myself and putting the time into it. I don't know if I have the time available
to give the fans the attention they deserve."

mark.medina@dailynews.com

twitter.com/MedinaLakersNBA

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                      January 9, 1997 Thursday 1ST EDITION

DIA neighbor loses lawsuit Noise doesn't constitute seizure

BYLINE: By Jeffrey Leib, Denver Post Business Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 461 words

An Adams County judge has ruled that noise from jets at Denver International
Airport did not constitute a compensable seizure of a nearby landowner's
property because of lost "use and enjoyment" of that property.

Last spring, owners of a 150-acre parcel that is 3 1/2 miles north of DIA runway
16/34 sued Denver, claiming that aircraft noise had substantially diminished the
property's value; 16/34 is a north-south runway northwest of the airport's
concourses.

The property principally is used for agricultural purposes but also has a small
house that was rented.

The owners claimed jet noise made it impossible for them to successfully rent
the house or develop the adjacent property for additional residential use.

Jets arriving at DIA overflew the property at an altitude of 1,000 to 1,500 feet
while departing planes were typically about 2,000 feet above the property,
according to court testimony.

An appraiser the owners hired said that the property's value was diminished by
about $ 280,000 because of the noise.

But Adams County District Court Judge Donald Marshall Jr. disagreed Tuesday.
"The noise levels are not so substantial as to render the property uninhabitable
or less rentable than it was prior to the DIA operations," Marshall said in his
decision.

He said even prior to the construction of DIA, residential development of the
property "was extremely remote at best."

In denying the landowner's request for compensation, Marshall concluded that the
value of the owner's property was "somewhat diminished" by DIA's construction
but that the "injury" to the landowners "is not special or unique and is common
to all of the areas surrounding DIA in varying degrees."

Donald Ostrander, the landowner's lawyer, said he was disappointed by Marshall's
decision and that an appeal is likely.

"This airport spends millions of dollars on art in the terminals and not even a
few hundred thousand dollars for landowners who are being bombarded with jet
noise," Ostrander said. "A whole lot of property owners near DIA are going to be
surprised to hear that planes flying 1,000 feet overhead are no big deal."

Testimony in Marshall's court showed that in DIA's first year, 22 percent of the
airport's departures left on runway 16/34 in the northbound direction and 26
percent of arrivals came in on the runway in the southbound direction. Traffic
on the runway often totaled more than 200 flights a day.

Ostrander represents two other property owners in Adams County who also have
filed noise-related suits against Denver - one with land northwest of DIA and
one east of the airport.

They, too, claim excess aircraft noise effectively means that their properties
have been "taken" by the city and they should be compensated for it.

LOAD-DATE: January 09, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1997 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Nets' Lopez takes big step in return from foot injury

BYLINE: Michael Lee

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D02

LENGTH: 416 words


The return of Brook Lopez wasn't treated with much fanfare because the
expectations for the Brooklyn Nets have diminished considerably, with Paul
Pierce in Washington and former coach Jason Kidd in Milwaukee after a failed
power play. The goal for the Nets this season is to remain a playoff contender
in the wide-open Eastern Conference, but even those aspirations are diminished
without the presence of arguably the NBA's most skilled low-post scorer.

Gone from the game for 10 months after suffering his third major right foot
injury in the past three years, Lopez made his season debut Monday and had 18
points, six rebounds and two blocked shots in 24 minutes to lead the Nets to a
116-85 win over the injury-depleted Oklahoma City Thunder at Barclays Center.
While working out some rust and heeding Nets Coach Lionel Hollins's advice not
to "trip over his tongue" from fatigue, Lopez was aggressive, demanded the ball
and generally made something happen when he got it.

Lopez hadn't played a regular season game since Dec. 20, when he broke his right
foot in a loss to Philadelphia, subverting what had been the best start of his
career. At the time of his setback, Lopez was one of only two players averaging
at least 20 points and 1.5 blocked shots, and was best in the league at
protecting the rim as opponents converted just 38.7 percent of their attempts
within five feet.

The Nets still struggled despite Lopez's inspired play the opening 17 games of
last season, with Kidd feuding with former assistant Lawrence Frank and spilling
cups of soda on the floor. Kidd finally discovered a small-ball identity in
Lopez's absence that allowed Brooklyn to reach the second round, where it lost
to Eastern Conference champion Miami.

Lopez, 26, returned to find the defensive-minded Hollins replacing Kidd, younger
players like Bojan Bogdanovic and Mirza Teletovic claiming Pierce's old minutes,
and his backup, Mason Plumlee, looking even better after filling in as a rookie
and gaining invaluable experience with Team USA in the summer.

To help end concerns that his delicate feet should be covered in bubble wrap
instead of tape before games, Lopez underwent a complicated surgery last January
in which bones in his foot were repositioned to spread the weight and help
prevent injury.

If Lopez can stay healthy for a full season - something he did his first three
seasons in the league - the Nets will make the bottom half of the playoff
picture in the East more interesting.

michael.lee@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            January 16, 2006 Monday

Credit Suisse plays the Last Post for First Boston

SECTION: BUSINESS; General

LENGTH: 489 words


NEW YORK - When Credit Suisse drops the 74-year-old name First Boston from its
investment banking unit today, it will be a tough transition for some of the
firm's American employees.

"First Boston" is how half-a-dozen traders and salespeople at the Swiss
investment bank's New York offices answered their phones last week - Credit
Suisse did not even rate a mention.

Dumping the First Boston brand is the most public sign of Credit Suisse's plan
to reverse its slide in rankings and improve profitability, which lags behind
that of Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and Lehman Brothers. By removing barriers
between the unit and the rest of the bank, Zurich-based Credit Suisse plans to
add 1 billion Swiss francs ($1.12 billion) to earnings, starting in 2008.

"The First Boston brand has a lot of history and it's a great name," says Brady
Dougan, 46, chief executive officer of Credit Suisse First Boston, the
investment banking division.

"Going to one name is going to help us to run an integrated business."

Samuel Hayes, a professor emeritus of investment banking at Harvard Business
School, said the move was proof the First Boston name had been tarnished by poor
performance.

"The fact that they feel able to drop it means it has lost its lustre," he says.
"It's much diminished in stature, in how clients would see the firm as a
potential vendor."

First Boston is just the latest Wall Street name to be discarded by a corporate
parent, joining the likes of Salomon Brothers and PaineWebber. Dieter Buchholz,
of BNP Paribas Private Bank in Zurich, said the trend suggested the value of
storied brands had diminished.

"At one point in time there were three houses that were seen as the blue blood:
Morgan Stanley, Goldman Sachs and First Boston," Buchholz says. "Goldman maybe
is still there."

Other historic Wall Street names to have disappeared in the past two decades
include Kuhn, Loeb, which helped finance US railroads in the 19th century. It
was absorbed into the company that is now Lehman Brothers in 1977 and the name
disappeared seven years later.

New York-based Citigroup, the world's biggest bank by assets, abandoned the
Salomon Brothers name in 2003, combining its investment banking units under the
Citigroup name.

Dropping the First Boston name is the final act in Credit Suisse's ownership of
what was once called First Boston Corp.

The company was created in 1932 as the investment banking arm of First National
Bank of Boston. It became an independent firm after passage of the
Glass-Steagall Act, which required commercial banks to divest securities
businesses in the wake of the 1929 sharemarket crash.

Credit Suisse acquired a piece of First Boston in 1978, when the companies
exchanged stakes in each other.

First Boston sat at the top of merger league tables in the 1980s but had to be
bailed out by Credit Suisse after the junk bond market collapsed in 1989. It
acquired a controlling stake the following year.

- BLOOMBERG

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              509 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           September 14, 2008 Sunday

What do we do seven years later?

SECTION: PERSPECTIVES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 479 words


I'm writing this column on Sept. 11, 2008. I can hardly believe it's been seven
years since the tragic and catastrophic events of 9/11. As I've mentioned in
previous columns written on this topic, I'm partly ashamed that time has
diminished the intensity of my memories of that day.

Therefore, seven years later, I write this column to take stock of what has
occurred in the aftermath of this savage attack on the United States.

One experience most of us shared was the period of mourning and grief for those
who died in this terrorist act. However, as the poet Charles Martin observes in
his poem "After 9/11," there were important distinctions in the type and
severity of this grieving.

"In those early days/When we went outside, we walked among the few/Grieving for
someone they would grieve for always,/And walked among the many others who,/Like
ourselves, had no loss as profound,/But knew someone who knew someone who
knew/One of the ones who fell back as he wound/A spiral up the narrow, lethal
staircase/Or one who tumbled helplessly to the ground."

I don't know anyone who died in the World Trade Center, but I'm most likely one
of those who "knew someone who knew" someone whose life was tragically cut
short. Has the grief diminished for those who lost a parent, spouse, child or
other close friend or relative in this attack?

My daughter, Bella, who just turned 2, periodically has come into my office as
I've been writing this column. My thoughts turn to the young children who lost
parents in this tragedy. What would they remember of their father or mother? How
have their lives been changed by this experience?

And what of the survivors? Those not only widowed or orphaned by 9/11, but those
who also survived the attack itself? How have these men and women rebuilt their
lives in the aftermath of such a momentous day? Have these survivors discovered
a hidden meaning or purpose to their survival? Or do they live haunted by the
reality of their survival?

Will they take a part of today to commemorate the occasion or to count their
blessings? Is it obligatory for them to do so? With the passage of time, have
their wounds truly healed?

One final thought comes to mind as I ponder this anniversary of 9/11. Is there a
particular obligation that we the living owe to those who died in this attack?
I'm not speaking of an actual physical memorial, whatever form this may take in
New York City. Instead, I'm thinking of whether there's a particular course of
action that we as a nation owe to these accidental martyrs, one that can
transcend partisan political and ideological motives.

I think the answer is love: Love your parents, your siblings, your spouse, your
children and love the gift of life we've been given every moment of every day.

Nicolas Shump is a doctoral student in American studies at The University of
Kansas. He can be reached at Nico1225@sunflower.com

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              510 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                  April 02, 2004 Friday, SOUTH COUNTY EDITION

Defense strategy for Webster case

BYLINE: Gary V. Murray; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 309 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


- The lawyer for a Webster woman accused of killing a 77-year-old man plans to
raise a mental impairment defense at trial.

Lawyer Bernard Grossberg of Boston, who represents Jennifer Bugan in the Nov.
14, 2002, stabbing death of Frank J. Neiduski of Webster, yesterday filed a
notice of his intent to raise a so-called ''diminished capacity'' defense at
trial.

At a hearing in Worcester Superior Court, Mr. Grossberg told Judge Jeffrey A.
Locke that he did not intend to argue at trial that the 34-year-old Ms. Bugan
lacked criminal responsibility for her actions and should be found not guilty by
reason of mental illness, but did plan to present a psychiatric defense in the
case. Under a defense such as the one proposed by Mr. Grossberg, it is argued
that the defendant's diminished mental capacity at the time of a killing
precluded him or her from forming the intent required for a first-degree murder
conviction.

Mr. Grossberg's notice was in response to a motion filed last month by Assistant
District Attorney Thomas E. Landry asking that he be informed in advance of
trial if the defense planned to raise a psychiatric defense of any kind.

In his written filing with the court, Mr. Grossberg said he expected ''as of
this date'' to rely on ''a defense of mental impairment or so-called 'diminished
capacity' at trial.'' Mr. Grossberg, who replaced Eileen D. Agnes as Ms. Bugan's
lawyer in December, also told the court he needed additional time to evaluate
what he described as Ms. Bugan's ''lengthy mental health history.''

Mr. Neiduski was stabbed to death in his home at 20 Cross Court in Webster. Ms.
Bugan, who has maintained through counsel that she acted in self-defense after
being sexually assaulted, is being held without bail while awaiting trial.

No trial date has been set. Judge Locke continued the case to April 20.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              511 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              May 4, 2010 Tuesday
                               CITY FINAL EDITION

PROBLEM IS SANTANA NOT UP TO SPEED

BYLINE: BY ANDY MARTINO DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 422 words


CINCINNATI - Johan Santana appeared dazed while standing on the pitcher's mound
in Philadelphia in the fourth inning last night, after allowing the final of his
10 runs. While Jerry Manuel trudged to the mound to retrieve his ace, Santana
stared ahead, toying with a pink wad of gum in his mouth.

Several hours later, the pitcher was still unable to understand his disastrous
outing, shaking his head and labeling it a "crazy game." The Mets were left to
hope that the evening was an aberration. But despite Santana's strong numbers
heading into Sunday's loss, a closer look at his performances revealed
underlying potential for trouble.

Primary among the possible concerns were Santana's high pitch counts and
diminished velocity. The lefthander has had trouble pitching deep into games
this year, and is usually at or around the 100-pitch threshold by the sixth
inning.

Pitching coach Dan Warthen said the high pitch counts were actually by design,
and backed that assertion by noting that Santana typically appears to labor in
the early innings before cruising through the middle of the ballgame.

The plan is for Santana to throw mostly inside fastballs the first time through
the lineup. This conditions the hitters for speed, and leaves them off-balance
when Santana works in his signature pitch, the change-up, later in games. It
also results in deeper counts, as batters decline to swing at fastballs that
drift too far inside.

Setting up the change-up in that way is more important for Santana than it was
once, because of diminished velocity on his fastball. The Phillies noted that
Sunday night in their postgame comments.

"He didn't have his best fastball," Phils manager Charlie Manuel said. "His
velocity was down from what we saw last year. Last year, he could hit 93-94
(mph) when wanted to. (Sunday) he wasn't there."

Though one major league scout recently said that Santana's change-up was still
among the the best in the game, along with that of San Francisco's Tim Lincecum
and Philadelphia's Cole Hamels, the pitch is less effective when closer in speed
to the fastball. Thus, Santana must work harder to set up the pitch, and make it
appear deceptively slow.

All of those changes and adjustments are typical for a pitcher leaving his
physical prime for his 30s. Publicly and privately, Mets players believe Santana
possesses the ability, competitive nature and intelligence to endure. It does,
however, appear he is becoming a different and less dominant pitcher than he was
during his best years with the Minnesota Twins.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Johan Santana's awful outing Sunday night has many observers noting a
drop in the ace's fastball. Photo by Reuters

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Daily News, L.P.


                              512 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                       May 2, 1982, Sunday, Final Edition

U.S. Psychiatrists Can Testify at Hinckley Trial

BYLINE: By Laura A. Kiernan, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 820 words


A federal judge here issued a key ruling yesterday that assures that a jury now
being selected--and the public--can hear the broadest possible description from
government psychiatrists of John W. Hinckley Jr.'s state of mind a year ago when
he tried to assassinate President Reagan.

Hinckley's defense lawyers had argued that the psychiatrists' testimony should
be excluded, or at least restricted, because it was tainted by their knowledge
of statements Hinckley made after his arrest and of documents seized from his
cell at a federal prison.

The courts have said that evidence was obtained illegally from Hinckley by FBI
agents and prison officials.

At a rare weekend court session yesterday, however, the psychiatrists told U.S.
District Judge Barrington D. Parker that their opinions on Hinckley's mental
state were derived from a wealth of other information, including Hinckley's own
voluminous personal writings and scores of interviews with Hinckley himself.

Afterward, Parker denied the defense request. "From what the doctors are
saying," the judge said, "they could have very well arrived at their judgments,
their conclusions and their analysis without the information that is the subject
of this inquiry."

The prosecution has said that the psychiatrists who testified yesterday,
including Jonas Rappeport of Baltimore, have concluded that Hinckley suffered
from no serious mental illness on the day he shot Reagan.

Rappeport had examined Arthur Bremmer, who shot former Alabama governor George
C. Wallace, and Sara Jane Moore, who pleaded guilty to the attempted
assassination of former president Gerald R. Ford.

In another crucial ruling yesterday, Parker decided that for all 13 criminal
charges, it will be up to the prosecution to prove beyond a reasonable doubt
that Hinckley was sane on March 30, 1981 when he wounded Reagan and three others
outside the Washington Hilton Hotel.

Hinckley, who was present at yesterday's four-hour hearing, contends that he was
legally insane at the time of the shootings. To accept that defense, the jury
must find that he suffered from a mental illness and as a result, could not
abide by the law or could not appreciate that his actions were wrong. Jury
selection for his trial, which began last Tuesday, will resume Monday in U.S.
District Court here.

It has been well-established in the federal courts that once a defendant charged
with a federal crime raises some evidence of insanity, the burden shifts to the
prosecution to prove that the defendant was sane and thus criminally responsible
for his acts.

The question of the burden of proof became an issue in Hinckley's case because
he is charged not only with federal offenses relating to his assault on the
president and Secret Service agent Timothy J. McCarthy, but also with local
assault charges stemming from the shooting of White House press secretary James
S. Brady and D.C. police officer Thomas K. Delahanty.

The prosecution, relying on a recent federal appellate court opinion, agreed
that it had the burden of proof for the federal offenses in Hinckley's case. But
it contended that on the local charges, the defense would have to prove that
Hinckley was insane, by a preponderance of the evidence.

Hinckley's lawyers countered that such a division of proof would require two
different instructions to the jury and would create "obvious confusion" when
they tried to come up with a verdict, thus denying Hinckley his constitutional
right to a fair trial.

Moreover, the defense argued that when the government decides to mingle the
federal and local charges in an indictment--as they did against Hinckley--the
federal law on the burden of proof prevails.

Parker said he could find nothing in the appeals court decision to compel him to
make the defense carry part of the burden of proof at Hinckley's trial.

At yesterday's hearing, Parker also said that he will reject any attempt by
Hinckley's defense lawyers to argue that Hinckley's state of mind was so
diminished at the time of the shootings that he did not have the mental capacity
to intend to commit the crimes. This argument, just short of insanity, is called
"diminished capacity."

In court papers, the government had contended that Hinckley's lawyers were
making an "unwarranted effort to present two insanity defenses" by trying to
supplement their insanity defense by giving the jury a chance to consider a
second theory of diminished capacity.

The government had argued that the courts have allowed the introduction of that
concept only in first-degree murder cases where the intent question focuses on
proof of premeditation and deliberation--which are not relevant in Hinckley's
case.

Parker, who issued all of yesterday's rulings in open court, said that
Hinckley's lawyers "had cited no case in this judicial circuit in which
diminished capacity" was applied to a crime other than first-degree murder.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration, Defense attorney Vincent J. Fuller, left, and Judge
Barrington D. Parker, center, listen as Dr. Jonas Rappeport, a psychiatrist for
the U.S., testifies at the hearing on Hinckley.  By Victor Juhasz for The
Washington Post

                       Copyright 1982 The Washington Post


                              513 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                              June 24, 2016 Friday

Jeep Grand Cherokee owners allege defect in suing Fiat Chrysler

BYLINE: City News Service

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 362 words


Jeep Grand Cherokee owners Thursday filed suit against Fiat Chrysler, alleging
the automaker concealed and failed to fix a shifter design defect linked to
driverless rollaway accidents, including the death this week in Studio City of
"Star Trek" actor Anton Yelchin.

The proposed class-action complaint - filed in Riverside's U.S. District Court -
alleges that the design flaw affects 811,000 vehicles, including 2014-2015 model
year Jeep Grand Cherokees, 2012-2014 Chrysler 300s and 2012-2014 Dodge Chargers.

Fiat Chrysler spokesman Michael Palese said the automaker has not been served
with the lawsuit and it would be "inappropriate" to comment at this time.

The lawsuit contends that Fiat Chrysler Automobiles NV concealed both its
shifter design defect and hundreds of related accidents that caused property
damage and injuries.

The plaintiffs also allege that the "raft of negative publicity" surrounding the
recent disclosure of the problem has greatly diminished the resale value of
their vehicles.

According to the complaint, the defect that has been responsible for at least 41
injuries, and possibly caused the death of Yelchin, who was killed in his
driveway when his 2015 Jeep Grand Cherokee rolled down his driveway and pinned
him against his brick mailbox.

"In making these vehicles, Fiat Chrysler failed at adequately and responsibly
designing one of the most basic safety features - the gear shifter," said Steve
Berman, the attorney whose firm filed the suit. "The current shifters in these
affected vehicles leave drivers with insufficient feedback to tell whether the
car has actually been placed in park before they exit the vehicle, and it does
not have a safety override that automatically puts the car in 'park' if the
driver's door is opened and pressure taken off the foot brake."

Fiat Chrysler initiated a recall of 1.1 million cars worldwide equipped with the
defectively designed shifter but has yet to provide any fix.

The lawsuit seeks recovery for vehicles owners' losses including diminished
vehicle value due to the design defect, as well as recoveries for other damages
and an injunctive order to end Fiat Chrysler's allegedly deceptive practices.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Glendale News-Press (California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 24, 2016 Thursday

Lawsuit against Glendale Unified claims district-owned site diminishes value of
neighboring residence

BYLINE: Kelly Corrigan, Glendale News-Press, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


March 24--A Glendale Unified piece of property on Magnolia Avenue where school
district employees oversee maintenance work for local schools has allegedly
diminished the property value of a neighboring residence, whose trustees have
sued Glendale Unified for intentionally causing dirt, dust and "vibration from
noise" to encroach on their property, according to court documents.

James and Michael O'Donnell, who are trustees of the Edith O. McGee Trust and
oversee two residential buildings nearby the school district's property, filed
the lawsuit against Glendale Unified in Los Angeles County Superior Court in
August.

NEWSLETTER: Stay up to date with what's going on in your neighborhood >>

School board members discussed the litigation during a closed-session meeting
last week.

The O'Donnells allege that Glendale Unified has been "operating the Magnolia
property in a manner that does not comply with existing planning and zoning
ordinances and regulations of the city of Glendale," ultimately making the
district's property a "nuisance" to their property and others, according to
court records.

Their lawsuit also claims that Glendale Unified's property at 333. W. Magnolia
Ave. is "disruptive," and has "substantially diminished the quality of life and
property values in, around and adjacent to the Magnolia property," including the
plaintiffs' residence, which is located next door to the back end of the school
district's lot and spans from 358 to 362 W. Palmer Ave.

Follow us on Twitter >>

The O'Donnells are seeking a jury trial and financial damages for the "lost and
diminished rental and/or permanent property values" caused by Glendale Unified's
property, according to court records.

In the school district's response to the complaint, attorneys deny that the
school district violated current codes and "acted reasonably, in good faith and
without malice," court records state.

"On information and belief, [Glendale Unified's] operations at the subject
property was compliant with applicable city of Glendale zoning codes when the
operations commenced, and have become legal nonconforming due to changes in the
city codes, thus prohibiting any recovery by plaintiff in this action,"
according to the school district's response.

The school district's attorneys also state that Glendale Unified does not have
to comply with city of Glendale zoning codes due to preemption provisions, court
records show.

Kelly Corrigan, kelly.corrigan@latimes.com

Twitter: @kellymcorrigan

ALSO:

Hopefuls for L.A. County supervisor seat speak at Glendale forum

Police investigate drive-by shooting in Glendale

Toxic gas released as a result of plumbing problem prompts evacuation of
Glendale apartment complex

___ (c)2016 the Glendale News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) Visit the Glendale
News-Press (Glendale, Calif.) at www.glendalenewspress.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160324-1GL-Lawsuit-against-Glendale-Unified-claims-district-owned-site-diminis
hes-value-of-neighboring-residence-0324-20160324

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1GL


                       Copyright 2016 Glendale News-Press


                              515 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 1, 2002 Thursday

SHOOTER: Ortiz sees strike as a responsibility

BYLINE: CHARLEY WALTERS Pioneer Press Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 968 words


Twins designated hitter David Ortiz, who knocked in the winning run Wednesday
night in the Twins' 2-1 victory over the Chicago White Sox, hopes there is no
players strike, but views the possibility of a strike as a matter of
responsibility.

"A lot of players sacrificed for me when I was coming up through the minor
leagues to the major leagues, so now it's up to us to worry about the other guys
who will be coming up," Ortiz said.

*Uh-oh: Since 1972, Major League Baseball's labor agreement has expired eight
times, and each time there has been a work stoppage. The current deal expired at
the end of last season.

*If Chicago White Sox first baseman Frank Thomas doesn't place in the top 10 in
American League most valuable player voting, the White Sox can invoke a
diminished skills clause in his contract. Thomas is signed for $10 million a
season through 2006. If invoked, the diminished skills clause would allow the
team to pay him just $250,000 a year in cash, and to defer the remaining $40
million of his contract over the next 30 years, which would considerably lessen
the present value of the contract. However, if the clause is invoked by the
White Sox, Thomas could declare himself a free agent for 90 days. Bottom line:
The White Sox would love to part with the disgruntled Thomas, but it will be
difficult.

*The Vikings are $6 million under this season's $71.1 million salary cap.
Signing top draft pick Bryant McKinnie would leave the Vikings approximately
$3.5 million under the cap and also leave room to sign another veteran or two
before the season begins.

McKinnie was the No. 7 overall pick in April's NFL draft. Last year's No. 7
pick, San Francisco 49ers defensive end Andre Carter, received a $7.7 million
signing bonus, with base salaries of $1 million for 2001, $350,000 for 2002,
$600,000 for 2003, $850,000 for 2004 and $1.1 million for 2005 for a total of
$11.6 million.

*The University of Minnesota and the Vikings, who received a $500,000
appropriation from the Minnesota Legislature to study an on-campus partnership
stadium, will select a pre-design stadium architect today. The Vikings and
Gophers have been discussing stadium plans this week.

*Hazeltine National will dedicate a new bridge on its signature 16th hole to the
late Payne Stewart, who won the U.S. Open at the Chaska course in 1991. The Aug.
15 opening of the national TV broadcast of the PGA Championship will be
conducted at the bridge.

*Gophers men's basketball sophomore Rick Rickert, back from a Playboy preseason
All-America photo session in Chicago, leaves today for Santa Barbara, Calif.,
where he will spend 10 days working as a counselor at Michael Jordan's youth
instructional camps. Rickert, who was offered the job by former Iowa coach
George Raveling, will work two sessions a day, then scrimmage with NBA players
at night.

*Best bet is Rickert will declare for the NBA draft after his junior season.

*Bruce Price, a former Minneapolis South point guard the Gophers want, left
Wednesday on a recruiting visit to Boston College. Gophers coach Dan Monson and
his staff this week made a telephone conference call to the 6-3, 195-pound
defensive specialist, trying to persuade him to sign with Minnesota. Oregon
State, West Virginia, George Washington and St. John's (N.Y.) also have offered
tenders. Price will visit Minnesota next week.

*Former Gopher Dusty Rychart said he could play basketball next season in
Australia, England or Greece.

*Reader Erik Anderson of Minneapolis, on why the Twins haven't drawn ticket
buyers commensurate with their first-place performance: "No. 1, the strike
looming really, really angers fans; 2, steroid issue; 3, our owner tried to get
rid of the team in the offseason; 4, Bud Selig and all-star debacle; 5,
unwillingness of ownership to improve club for stretch run; 6, tough to go
inside when it's 84 degrees outside."

*The Denver Broncos have moved former Gopher Willie Middlebrooks from cornerback
to safety, the Colorado Springs Gazette reports.

*Former Gophers football star Billy Bye will be host next week to former
teammates and pals Bud Grant, Gordy Soltau, Bob and Pinky McNamara, Verne Gagne,
Jerry Burns, Jim Malosky and Ev Faunce for golf and tennis at his Bay Lake,
Minn., home.

*The dedication of the Humboldt High School athletics complex to honor longtime
wrestling and football coach Bob Ryan, who died of cancer last year, will be
Sept. 14 at the school. Donations can be sent to Cherokee State Bank, 607 Smith
Ave., 55107.

DON'T PRINT THAT

*For the first time in his baseball broadcasting career, Twins TV analyst Bert
Blyleven has hired an agent to negotiate with Fox Sports Net. Word is Fox has
been reluctant to discuss a deal with the popular former pitcher, who is in the
final season of a two-year contract.

*The Timberwolves have not been returning phone calls from the agent for point
guard Khalid El-Amin, who continues to excel in the Howard Pulley pro-am league.
A month ago, the Wolves were keenly interested in the Minneapolis North grad.
But insiders say the team is working on a couple of point guard trades.

*Former University of Minnesota wrestler Shelton Benjamin, displaying some
impressive maneuvers, will defeat Justin Credible when he makes his national TV
debut Sunday on MTV's "WWE Heat" show. The match was filmed Tuesday in
Greensboro, N.C.

OVERHEARD

*Minnesota Wild chairman Bob Naegele, on the many California and Florida teams
at Xcel Energy Arena this week for the North American Roller Hockey
Championships: "It's just like Minnesota hockey except they play it in the
sunshine."

Charley Walters' column appears Sundays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays. He can
be reached at cwalters@pioneerpress.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                            October 13, 2009 Tuesday

Humboldt Bay's economy and the harbor district's future

BYLINE: Patrick Higgins/For the Times-Standard

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 794 words


The Humboldt Bay Harbor, Recreation and Conservation District was framed by
legislation in 1970 and brought into existence by the voters through a local
initiative in 1972. Its enabling statutes include recreation and conservation,
but the almost 40-year history of the harbor district has emphasized large-scale
shipping. Each ship brought tens of thousands of dollars in tariffs, created
longshoreman jobs at the docks and supported woods and mill jobs. But as the
timber industry exhausted its inventory in the 1990s and timber flow from
national forests diminished, the need for shipping declined along with it.

The harbor district saw this trend and decided to shift its business and
marketing target to international trade, with the intention of making Humboldt
Bay a hub for goods from Asia. The acquisition of the Redwood Dock in Samoa in
2002 provided a potential terminal site and plans began to develop it to capture
overflow trade from other West Coast ports. The harbor district worked closely
with the North Coast Railroad Authority to try to revive rail operations and
re-open the trade corridor to the San Francisco Bay area.

The harbor district took a calculated budget risk since 2000 by spending money
to deep-dredge the bay entrance and Samoa channel for large-ship capacity and by
running periodic budget deficits that it anticipated could be made up once
shipping traffic resumed. To some, the bet looked good through about 2006, when
international trade began to slide. With the collapse in 2008 of both the U.S.
and world economies, the Evergreen Pulp Mill closed and prospects for luring
international trade and funding NCRA renovation evaporated.

The pulp mill closure meant the loss of the monthly ships, and lost tariffs
caused the harbor district budget deficit to increase from $500,000 to $750,000.
Although we trimmed the budget deficit to somewhere between $300,000 and
$500,000 in the current fiscal year (2009-2010), our trajectory would indicate
insolvency and the need to reorganize under Chapter 9 of the bankruptcy code in
2013 or 2014. Our prospects for digging out of the hole with ship traffic have
diminished to near zero. We need to reorganize now, change our business model
and put staff time and energy into sectors and enterprises that are more likely
to bring revenue to the harbor district and the community.

Despite the overwhelming economic evidence regarding the inviability of the
harbor district's old business model, some members of the community continue to
press for us to "stay the course." This constituency has fielded a candidate to
oppose the re-election of 3rd Division Commissioner Mike Wilson. The challenger
says he wants the "establishment of a green port that equally mixes good paying
jobs with a healthy, stable environment" by the development of a rail dependent
marine terminal. However, he can't identify trade that would justify such an
investment, nor does he discuss what future harbor district financial solvency
prospects are, if such a venture does not succeed.

There is a bright future for the harbor district and Humboldt Bay, but we must
complete our transition now. The path to prosperity requires us to diversify and
to explore options more compatible with realistic projects favored by the
community. Instead of building an unneeded shipping terminal, our commission
should consider a business incubator and light industry complex that could
create hundreds of living wage jobs on the Redwood Dock site. Opportunities are
opening up to make Humboldt Bay the hub for a regional short sea shipping
system, which will likely mature as gas prices rise. If the harbor district
expedites expanding bayside trails and water trails, community health and
quality of life would improve, tourism would expand and entrepreneurs and
telecommuting professionals might choose our area to start businesses or to
relocate.

The harbor district conservation staff capacity positions us perfectly to
support regional marine conservation planning. We will benefit from funding and
contract revenue while facilitating support for design and implementation of a
sustainable marine resources management program for the North Coast region.
Improved management will allow us to fully realize the potential of our
commercial and sport fishing industries.

The Nov. 3 election could not be of greater importance for the harbor district,
Humboldt Bay and the region's economic future. Commissioner Mike Wilson has
worked hard to bring community prosperity while maintaining a healthy Humboldt
Bay. I encourage voters to re-elect him so that we can complete a successful sea
change at the harbor district.

Patrick Higgins is the 5th Division commissioner of the Humboldt Bay Harbor,
Recreation and Conservation District.

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Chilling phone call of triple child-killer mum

BYLINE: Judith Duffy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 437 words


A MOTHER told her estranged husband to "say goodbye" to their three children in
a chilling phone call just 48 hours before she repeatedly stabbed them to death.

Theresa Riggi yesterday admitted killing eight-year-old twins Austin and Luke
and their fiveyear-old sister Cecilia at their home in Edinburgh last year.

Riggi, 47, who had been charged with murder, pleaded guilty to culpable homicide
on grounds of diminished responsibility.

The bodies of the children were discovered at the family's modern townhouse
following a suspected gas explosion last August.

They had been stabbed eight times each and were found lying side by side in a
bedroom.

US-born Riggi, a violinist who taught music, was badly injured after falling
head first from a second-floor balcony in a suicide bid. She was in the middle
of a bitter custody dispute following the breakdown of her marriage to the
children's father Pasquale Riggi.

The High Court, in Edinburgh, heard how Riggi spoke to her estranged husband by
phone the night before a hearing.

Alex Prentice QC, prosecuting, said she asked if he would take the children
away. On being told she "left him no choice", she replied "Say goodbye then" and
hung up.

Oil executive Mr Riggi, 46, who sat in court, said in a statement the loss of
his children was an "overwhelming tragedy".

Riggi married her husband in her home town of Bakersfield, California, in 1989
but the couple had separated by the time they moved to Scotland in February
2007. Mr Riggi stayed in a flat in Aberdeen city centre while the rest of the
family lived in the nearby village of Skene before they moved to Edinburgh. The
court heard Riggi had been "very possessive" of her children and believed she
was the only person capable of looking after them.

When Mr Riggi was allowed to have unsupervised time with the children they wore
locator tags controlled by their mother.

She gave them mobile phones with instructions to call her if their father said
or did anything they did not like. The couple also disagreed on the children
being educated at home, with Riggi insisting it was necessary to keep them safe
from bullying. Donald Findlay QC, defending, said Riggi was suffering from
narcissistic, paranoid and hysterical personality disorders.

He added: "Theresa Riggi is not evil, she is not wicked, she is not a monster.
If it is possible to love one's children too much she loved them too much."

Judge Lord Bracadale told her: "While your responsibility is diminished, you do
still have responsibility for your actions and I have to impose a sentence to
reflect that."

The case was adjourned until April 26 for psychiatric reports.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eight-year-old Luke, left, twin Austin and sister Cecilia were each
stabbed eight times
Mr Riggi leaves court yesterday
Riggi pleaded diminished responsibility

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              518 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                    The Democrat-Reporter (Linden, Alabama)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2014

High fences may become illegal

BYLINE: The Democrat Reporter staff

LENGTH: 318  words


Wildlife biologists tell us that when a yearling buck begins to mature, the
white tail doe will drive him out of her territory.

This prevents inbreeding and the creating of mutations which are not normal.

This same logic works with homo sapiens. There are some mutants around who show
deformities and diminished capacities. We don't know their circumstances but a
lot of people point to them as a good reason for sisters to leave their brothers
alone.

Among those capacities which have been diminished is charity. This, perhaps,
increases another unsavory characteristic -- greed! The greed in homo sapiens is
the want of the biggest and best. This includes killing the biggest and best
buck deer.

Inside a high fence, the young bucks can't get away from their mother does and
eventually will inbreed with them. This is going to lead to mutants.

Several years ago, we learned that eight states out west had outlawed high
fences. This number could have changed since then.

Most of the high fences in West Alabama are located around pine deserts. There
is no food much in there for deer, so the people feed them like we used to feed
the old milk cow.

That, we suppose, could be sporting. Shoot the old Jersey as she lumbers up to
the feed trough.

The film crew could be engaged in intense whispering, pointing fingers as they
peer through high powered binoculars as the old heifer comes around the corner
of the barn from the pasture.

"We glassed this one last week, and the pattern is the same. She always comes to
feed at 4:00 o'clock in the afternoon.

"Joe here is going to make a long shot. She must be at least 10 yards away."

"Splat!" The paint ball hits her on the ear and she shakes it off and licks up
the oats.

Another dramatic high fence hunting drama concludes with a trophy video in hand.

Hunters and guides meet back at the camp house to eat bologna sandwiches and
drink Bud Lights and talk about the great hunt.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DRP

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                      Copyright 2014 The Democrat-Reporter


                              519 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            December 7, 2015 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

'BIG-TIME' OPPORTUNITY;
THE SEASON WON'T BE DIMINISHED BY NOT PLAYING IN A JAN. 1 BOWL GAME, PAUL CHRYST
SAYS

BYLINE:  JASON GALLOWAY   jgalloway@madison.com, 608-252-6174

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 644 words


The University of Wisconsin football team's adversity-filled season - dotted
with injuries, offensive struggles and a couple of untimely losses - will end in
its first December bowl game since 2009.

The Badgers accepted an invitation Sunday to face Southern California in the
Holiday Bowl at 9:30 p.m. on Dec. 30 at Qualcomm Stadium in San Diego.

UW coach Paul Chryst, though, certainly doesn't believe breaking the program's
streak of five straight January games, considering the circumstances of the
season, is all that bad.

"I appreciate what everyone did to have the year that we did have," Chryst said.
"Yes, we had two real close losses. The Holiday Bowl is a big-time bowl. We're
playing against a big-time team that also has great tradition.

"Our guys are excited. I wouldn't agree with it's somehow diminished feelings
that it's not a January 1 game."

Heading into the weekend, many expected UW to land in the Holiday Bowl. The
Trojans were selected over Utah and Washington State after losing to Stanford in
the Pac-12 Conference title game Saturday night.

The Badgers (9-3), making their first-ever trip to the Holiday Bowl, are 0-6
against USC (8-5) but haven't played the Trojans since 1966.

USC will make its second straight appearance in the bowl after defeating
Nebraska 45-42 last season in the first year of the Big Ten Conference's
six-year contract with the Holiday Bowl.

The Trojans won five of their last six regular-season games after a 3-3 start.

"I'm looking forward to watching them, but I know in just seeing bits and pieces
of them, they're certainly a really talented team," Chryst said. "I'm looking
forward to learning about them and also hopefully taking advantage of the bowl
practices and opportunities for us to grow.

"They've got a heck of a team. I give them a lot of credit for kind of
overcoming what all happened in the beginning of the year."

Coach Steve Sarkisian was fired Oct. 12 following reports of erratic behavior,
and assistant Clay Helton took over coaching duties.

The prolonged absence of running back Corey Clement played a major part in UW's
inability to reach preseason expectations of another Big Ten West Division
title.

The junior has missed nine games this season, the first eight of which were due
to a sports hernia injury.

After returning against Northwestern on Nov. 21, he did not play the next week
at Minnesota in UW's regular-season finale after being cited with disorderly
conduct by Madison police for an off-campus altercation. Chryst would not
confirm Clement was suspended for that game.

When asked Sunday if a decision has been reached on Clement's status for the
Holiday Bowl, Chryst said, "No. Corey's going to practice, and if he's good to
go, he'll play."

The matchup will feature the Badgers' top-ranked scoring defense against a
prolific USC offense that ranks 30th nationally in scoring.

A win would give UW a second straight 10-win season and top off an impressive
first year under Chryst.

"I think you earn the right to get to the bowl that you do," Chryst said. "I
know our guys are excited and appreciate what was put in to getting there. What
an opportunity to try to finish this season off playing a great team like USC."

* In a shocking move Sunday night, Helton fired four of the Trojans' assistant
coaches, including defensive coordinator Justin Wilcox. Helton also fired
defensive backs coach Keith Heyward, defensive line coach Chris Wilson and
offensive line coach Bob Connelly.

"Each of these men are outstanding men and outstanding coaches," Helton said.
"At this point in time I made the decision to go in a different direction, but
these are quality individuals that I have the highest respect for."

Although Helton could make quick hires, he has made plans to have a short staff
and is confident USC will prepare well for the Holiday Bowl with its current
coaches and graduate assistants.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Associated Press contributed.

GRAPHIC: BEN MARGOT - Associated Press Southern California's Clay Helton - who
was named the team's coach last week after taking over interim duties Oct. 12 -
speaks with quarterback Cody Kessler (6) during the first quarter of Saturday's
Pac-12 Conference Championship Game against Stanford in Santa Clara, Calif.
Stanford won 41-24. MARCIO JOSE SANCHEZ - Associated Press Southern California
wide receiver JuJu Smith-Schuster, being tackled by Stanford cornerback Alijah
Holder on Saturday, is in the top 15 nationally in receiving yards and receiving
touchdowns. BEN MARGOT ? Associated Press Southern California's Adoree' Jackson
runs against Stanford's Taijuan Thomas on Saturday. Jackson ? a cornerback, wide
receiver and kick returner ? is the only player in the nation with 300 yards
receiving, 500 yards in kick runbacks, 200 punt return yards and 20 tackles.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

3rd Circuit rules federal DNA collection law is constitutional

BYLINE: Pat Murphy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 262  words


The Fourth Amendment doesn't prohibit the government from collecting a DNA
sample from a defendant arrested for a drug offense, the en banc 3rd Circuit has
ruled in reversing judgment.

Section 14135a of the federal DNA Analysis Backlog Elimination Act (the DNA Act)
authorizes the government's collection of DNA samples from "individuals who are
arrested, facing charges, or convicted. "

In this case, the defendant was arrested for possession of cocaine with intent
to distribute. During his detention, the government sought to collect a DNA
sample from him.

The defendant argued that the collection of samples pursuant to the DNA Act
violated the Fourth Amendment.

But the court decided that §14135a was constitutional in light of an arrestee's
diminished expectation of privacy.

"DNA collection occurs only after it has been determined that there is probable
cause to believe that the arrestee committed a crime. In light of this probable
cause finding, arrestees possess a diminished expectation of privacy in their
own identity, which has traditionally justified taking their fingerprints and
photographs. ...

"Likewise, because DNA profiles developed pursuant to the DNA Act function as
'genetic fingerprints' used only for identification purposes, arrestees and
pretrial detainees have reduced privacy interests in the information derived
from a DNA sample," the court said.

It noted that the statute has been upheld by every circuit to consider its
constitutionality.

U.S. Court of Appeals, 3rd Circuit. U.S. v. Mitchell, No. 09-4718. July 25,
2011. Lawyers USA No. 993-3111.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Investment News

                                 July 14, 2008

Financial services firm smarting in ugly market;
Pounding by rating agencies, credit crisis and mortgage-related losses makes
raising capital rough

BYLINE: Bruce Kelly

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 720  words


Financial services companies, from banks to broker-dealers, are facing dire
straits as the credit crisis and mortgage-related losses force companies to seek
fresh capital amid an ugly market, analysts said last week.

Last Monday, analysts released a flurry of reports on the stocks of financial
companies, and the collective critique wasn't good.

``Bottom line: Capital is getting harder to get and more expensive as past
raises have proven unable to shore up financials' problems,'' wrote a group of
analysts from Friedman Billings Ramsey & Co. Inc. of Arlington, Va.

``Management teams continue to underestimate the problems on their balance
sheets and have either waited too long to raise capital, or have not raised
enough,'' according to the research note, which was written by Paul Miller, Bob
Ramsey and Annett Franke.

And both big and small firms are feeling the pain of the credit crisis, analysts
noted.

The largest brokerage firm in the industry, Merrill Lynch & Co. Inc. of New
York, may write down about $6 billion in the second quarter, according to
analyst Prashant Bhatia of Citigroup Inc. of New York. That was primarily due to
losses on positions in high-grade collateralized debt obligations and exposure
to monoline insurers involved in that market.

Meanwhile, Fitch Ratings Ltd. said last Wednesday that it may cut Merrill
Lynch's debt rating due to expected write-downs and diminished prospects for
earnings.

New York-based Fitch placed Merrill Lynch's long-term issuer default rating of
``A-plus,'' the fifth-highest investment grade level, on review for downgrade,
but affirmed the company's short-term ratings.

``The rating action results in part from diminished expectations that Merrill's
fixed-income, currency and commodities operation will attain a sustainable level
of core profitability in the near term,'' Fitch said in a statement.

Investors have punished the overall market since its peak in October, but
financials as a group have been hit the hardest, according to Dow Jones Indexes
of New York. Year-to-date through July 3, financials were down 40%, according to
a comparison of Dow Jones Wilshire industry groups.

According to the analysts at Friedman Billings Ramsey, write-downs by U.S. banks
and thrifts, foreign banks, and brokers and insurers total $251 billion. That is
largely due to losses related to mortgages.

In response to those losses, as well as to cover credit costs and potential
future losses, companies have raised $285 billion.

Smaller firms are in trouble, the Friedman Billings Ramsey analysts wrote. ``It
appears that smaller banking institutions are unable to raise necessary capital
and will have to either sell themselves on the cheap or eventually be taken over
by regulators,'' they wrote.

Big banks are paying the price, too, the analysts wrote

``Larger banking institutions are still able to raise capital, but at much
higher prices than past capital raises,'' they wrote. Investors will continue to
punish any financial company if it needs capital, the analysts wrote.

The week leading up to the July 4 holiday was particularly painful for bank
stocks, which declined 4.9%, versus a 1.2% loss for the Standard & Poor's 500
stock index, another analyst wrote.

It was the fifth week in a row that banks posted a decline of more than 4%,
Anthony Polini, a banking analyst with Raymond James & Associates Inc. of St.
Petersburg, Fla., wrote in a report. And bank stocks are having a terrible year,
with the industry average declining 30%, compared with a 14% decline for the S &
P 500, he wrote.

``Mounting recession, inflation and credit quality concerns continue to weigh
heavily on the banking sector,'' Mr. Polini wrote, adding that the stock prices
of the 10 largest banks are under pressure.

Still, there are a few bright spots among lower risk companies, he wrote. Mr.
Polini's top picks among banks are New York Community Bancorp Inc. of Westbury,
N.Y., and Astoria Financial Corp. of Lake Success, N.Y.

``We have identified both companies as sound recession plays with relatively low
levels of cyclical risk and clear visibility for positive earnings momentum,''
he wrote. ``In fact, New York Community designed its business model to thrive
during times of economic duress marked by a harsh turn in the credit cycle.''

E-mail Bruce Kelly at bkelly@investmentnews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: in


                      Copyright 2008 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           December 2, 2004 Thursday
                                 SOONER EDITION

NOTRE DAME STILL DENIES ITS DIMINISHED STATE

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-2

LENGTH: 805 words


So here's to everyone who thought Tyrone Willingham had made a positive
statement for college football, and for Notre Dame in particular, when he took
the Notre Dame job three years ago.

Including Tyrone Willingham.

He has been given three years, a ridiculously short time by any measure. His
record of 21-15 is decent, better than decent if you figure that Notre Dame is
about one-third as significant a football presence as it was 15 years ago.

But decent isn't good enough, not by a long shot. So before he gets to see any
of his recruits reach their senior year, he is sent skidding, hinder first, onto
the slick sidewalks of South Bend's outworld.

And thus he has come full circle and treated like every other coach who doesn't
win 12 of his 11 games each year -- he is whacked.

Regardless of ethnic origin. Regardless of public image. Regardless of support
outside the university community.

Because inside the university community, he is just another failed coach at a
school that denies its diminished status.

In other words, Willingham has been treated by Notre Dame the way Frank Solich
was treated by Nebraska.

So congratulations all around. A black coach can be yahoo'd out of his job just
like a white coach, because there are way more yahoos than there are coaches of
any ethnic background.

(Oh, and just for the record, the short money has Willingham going to be an
assistant with Dennis Green in Arizona, and the semi-safe money puts him at the
top of the list at Washington, so don't start any of that back-to-Stanford
nonsense).

Now there will be much made of the circumstantial evidence that three of the
five black Division I-A coaches are now out of work, leaving only Sylvester
Croom at Mississippi State and Karl Dorrell at UCLA.

But the black coach phenomenon (that is, if you consider 4.27 percent of the
jobs a phenomenon) probably has far less to do with Willingham's firing than the
far more prevalent scourge of absurd expectations emitted from loud donors.
While we can't speak for those Notre Dame fans who had immediate problems with
Willingham's melanin content, we can speak with as much authority as anyone for
Notre Dame's outsized view of its place in the national football picture.

I mean, here's Notre Dame's view of itself -- the absolute equal of every power
in college football, from the Florida Triangle through Norman, Okla., and all
the way to Southern California.

And here's what the evidence tells us is the Irish's real place -- the Insight
Bowl.

It is their real place because they have chosen to avoid the obvious comforts
and benefits of conference tie-ins, because they have let their schedule be
relentlessly toughened by the demands of NBC, and because the SEC and Big 12 now
have first call on every great player in the country.

They don't take junior-college players, they choose to shorten their recruiting
lists because of academic considerations, and their TV package competes with
about six other networks, and those networks deal with whole conferences rather
than one athletic director.

Which is all fine. Notre Dame takes its share of credit for the NBC deal and the
high academic standards and the junior-college ban when they're going well, and
they get to choose their own path.

Most of all, though, it is their real place because their record over their past
100 games is 59-41. Shop that one through Florida or Oklahoma or Texas or
Michigan or Ohio.

Yes, it can be considered instructive Willingham was as distant from the Notre
Dame constituency as he was the Stanford constituency.

And yes, Willingham's teams lost 15 of their past 28 games by an average margin
of 18 points after winning their first eight, which is always a bad idea.

But the real truth is that Notre Dame clings to the power of its name as if this
were still 1966, or 1977, or 1988 without delivering the goods, which is why
panic (which is what this is) is considered such a reasoned response by Irish
fans.

Why else would the university's Board of Trustees call an "emergency" (their
word) meeting to rid themselves of Willingham in what constitutes record time?
After all, the previous Notre Dame coach to be given so little time in the job
was Hunk Anderson in 1933, and he was following Knute Rockne, not Bob Davie.

Well, here's your likely answer, and you worshipers of Oski The Relentlessly
Annoying will hate seeing this. Jeff Tedford is in play, employment-wise,
thereby diminishing the BCS debate to flyspeck-size. Urban Meyer of Utah is in
play as well, and Dan Hawkins at Boise State, and Bobby Petrino at Louisville.
And Notre Dame has been an indifferent offensive team for at least a decade.

Willingham's twin failures are these: He started too fast, and he found out too
fast is Notre Dame's idea of the speed limit. So he made history coming in, and
going out.

For all the satisfaction that brings.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: THE DAILY PITCH: Commentary & Analysis/ Ray Ratto writes for the San
Francisco Chronicle.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              523 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

Chilling phone call of triple child-killer mum

BYLINE: By Judith Duffy

SECTION: NEWS; 08

LENGTH: 437  words


A MOTHER told her estranged husband to "say goodbye" to their three children in
a chilling phone call just 48 hours before she repeatedly stabbed them to death.

Theresa Riggi yesterday admitted killing eight-year-old twins Austin and Luke
and their five year-old sister Cecilia at their home in Edinburgh last year.

Riggi, 47, who had been charged with murder, pleaded guilty to culpable homicide
on grounds of diminished responsibility.

The bodies of the children were discovered at the family's modern townhouse
following a suspected gas explosion last August.

They had been stabbed eight times each and were found lying side by side in a
bedroom.

US-born Riggi, a violinist who taught music, was badly injured after falling
head first from a second-floor balcony in a suicide bid.

She was in the middle of a bitter custody dispute following the breakdown of her
marriage to the children's father Pasquale Riggi.

The High Court, in Edinburgh, heard how Riggi spoke to her estranged husband by
phone the night before a hearing.

Alex Prentice QC, prosecuting, said she asked if he would take the children
away. On being told she "left him no choice", she replied "Say goodbye then" and
hung up.

Oil executive Mr Riggi, 46, who sat in court, said in a statement the loss of
his children was an "overwhelming tragedy".

Riggi married her husband in her home town of Bakersfield, California, in 1989
but the couple had separated by the time they moved to Scotland in February
2007. Mr Riggi stayed in a flat in Aberdeen city centre while the rest of the
family lived in the nearby village of Skene before they moved to Edinburgh. The
court heard Riggi had been "very possessive" of her children and believed she
was the only person capable of looking after them.

When Mr Riggi was allowed to have unsupervised time with the children they wore
locator tags controlled by their mother.

She gave them mobile phones with instructions to call her if their father said
or did anything they did not like. The couple also disagreed on the children
being educated at home, with Riggi insisting it was necessary to keep them safe
from bullying. Donald Findlay QC, defending, said Riggi was suffering from
narcissistic, paranoid and hysterical personality disorders.

He added: "Theresa Riggi is not evil, she is not wicked, she is not a monster.
If it is possible to love one's children too much she loved them too much."

Judge Lord Bracadale told her:

"While your responsibility is diminished, you do still have responsibility for
your actions and I have to impose a sentence to reflect that."

The case was adjourned until April 26 for psychiatric reports.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mr Riggi leaves court yesterday
Eight-year-old Luke, left, twin Austin and sister Cecilia were each stabbed
eight times
Riggi pleaded diminished responsibility

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

Puget Sound orcas: Would removing dams save the whales?;
After the death of a young female orca and her calf, researchers say that
removing dams could mean more fish for whales to eat. But what does that mean
for the area?

BYLINE: Christina Beck Staff

SECTION: Energy/Environment

LENGTH: 669 words


After the disappearance and likely demise of one young Puget Sound mother orca
and her calf, scientists and whale advocates are calling for removing dams that
they say could help keep whales healthy and fed.

After the birth of her calf, a rare event in the 80-whale population,
23-year-old J28 took ill and never recovered. Whale experts say diminished
salmon availability likely played a role in her death.

"We have drastically altered the availability of the food supply -
preponderantly Chinook salmon - both in abundance/biomass and seasonal
distribution," wrote Center for Whale Research senior scientist Kenneth Balcomb
in an obituary for J28 and J54, her calf.

The Puget Sound/Strait of Juan de Fuca orca whale pods are known collectively as
the Southern Resident Killer Whales, and they were declared endangered in 2005.
Over the past 25 years, population numbers have dropped from about 100 to, as of
July 1, 80 individual whales.

Orca gestation periods are long, and whales typically live for several decades
in the wild. Some of the oldest whales in the world can match humans for their
longevity, reaching up to 90 years of age.

What happened to make J28, once a healthy young female, diagnosed as too weak to
fight off her illness? What explains the mysterious decline of the Southern
Resident orcas?

Dr. Balcomb points to two factors: Human-introduced contaminants to the Puget
Sound and the diminished supply of orcas' preferred food, Chinook salmon.

Before she disappeared, J28 was visibly malnourished, as was her calf. Because
orcas are pod animals, J28's sister and older daughter attempted to help out by
catching fish and supporting their floundering relatives.

But in the end, it just wasn't enough.

Whale advocates say that while it is too late to save J28, other Southern
Resident orcas can avoid her fate if officials remove dams on the Lower Snake
River, which feeds the sound. These dams curtail salmon runs that would
otherwise head into the orcas' hunting territory.

"There's no reason these dams couldn't be breached," said Jim Waddell, a retired
engineer, at a Seattle press conference on Friday, the Associated Press reported

Those who favor keeping the dams in place say that the dams supply local towns
with clean hydroelectric power, and they are important to the region's economy.

Whale advocates have sought to break down the dams for years. Earlier this year,
US District Judge Michael Simon criticized the government's failure to consider
plans to improve salmon populations that included breaking down the dams.

The movement to remove the dams is not without precedent. In 2014, The Christian
Science Monitor's Doug Struck reported on Maine's decision to open up the
Sebasticook river to allow a native fish, the alewife, to run.

In the past six years, alewife populations have rebounded immensely. After the
demolition of two dams along the river, 3 million fish are expected to school
where six years ago there were none.

Across the country, more than 900 dams have been demolished to return rivers to
a wild state.

"We are beginning to recognize the value of what we lost," says Maine's Laura
Rose Day. "People think dam removals are just about fish. Then they say, 'Oh, I
have more eagles now,' and 'Oh, my water quality is better,' and 'Oh, I do like
the running river.' "

But critics point to the human costs of breaking down the dams. In 2007, a study
by Pacific Northwest power company Bonneville Power Administration found that
removing dams on the lower Snake River was not enough to rehabilitate salmon
populations. In addition, the researchers said, switching away from
hydroelectric power would cost hundreds of thousands of dollars and require
locals to use less environmentally friendly power sources.

Nevertheless, Judge Simon said in May that the solution to the Southern Resident
orcas' problems "may well require consideration of the reasonable alternative of
breaching, bypassing, or removing one or more of the four Lower Snake River
Dams," the Associated Press reported.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              525 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 bondbuyer.com

                            January 23, 2012 Monday

Michigan Muni Bond (Detroit Arts and Sciences) Cut to Caa1 by Moody's

SECTION: BREAKING NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 355  words


NEW YORK - Moody's Investors Service has downgraded to Caa1 from B1 the rating
on Michigan Municipal Bond Authority's public school academy facilities program
revenue bonds (Detroit Academy of Arts and Sciences), Series 2001 A & B. Moody's
has also placed the rating on Watchlist for possible downgrade. Moody's expects
to complete the Watchlist review within 90 days. The current action affects
$26.8 million in outstanding debt.

The bonds are secured by monthly installment payments of state aid revenues
transferred directly to the Michigan Municipal Bond Authority (MMBA) from the
State Treasure pursuant to a lease financing agreement.

The MMBA has further assigned its rights and interest in the monthly payments to
the Trustee. The downgrade to Caa1 reflects the expectation that the Detroit
Academy of Arts and Sciences (DAAS), a Michigan charter school, will be unable
to make full debt service payments in the current calendar year while working to
develop a forbearance agreement with bondholders that would allow the academy to
restructure its future debt payments.

While development of the agreement is still underway, it is Moody's expectation
that, despite restructuring debt service payments, it is unlikely the academy
will avoid diminishing its obligation to bondholders.

That expectation is based on the size of annual debt payments relative to
available revenues, which have fallen significantly in the current year due to
the closure of the academy's high school and the associated drop in enrollment.
Moody's would consider such a diminished obligation a default.

The Watchlist action reflects the current uncertainty regarding the forbearance
agreement, development of which remains underway. Moody's anticipates that any
restructuring in the final agreement will constitute either a diminished
obligation or delay of currently scheduled debt payments that would increase the
academy's future obligations.

As debt service coverage has historically remained very narrow, a significant
increase in future debt costs would further hamper the academy's ability to pay,
or result in additional forbearance in later years.

URL: http://www.bondbuyer.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BONDBUYER_NEWS


                        Copyright 2012 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              526 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                             January 6, 2012 Friday

Missouri Court of Appeals Southern District Case Summaries: January 6, 2012

BYLINE: Stephanie Maniscalco

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 566  words


Appellate Practice Dismissal Order Final Judgment Where an order did not
indicate whether a dismissal was with or without prejudice, the involuntary
dismissal was without prejudice, so the judgment was not final, so the appeal
must be dismissed. Appeal is dismissed. Jennings v. Board of Curators (MLW No.
63140/Case No. SD31218 - 2 pages) (Missouri Court of Appeals, Southern District,
per curiam) Appealed from circuit court, Greene County, Imhof, J. (George S.
Smith for appellant) (Ian P. Cooper and Amy E. Clendennen for respondent).

Criminal Law Appeal Post-Conviction Relief Claim Preservation Where a man argued
in his post-conviction relief motion that his counsel had been ineffective in
properly failing to preserve an issue for appeal but in his appeal from the
denial of the motion asserted that his counsel had been ineffective in failing
to object to improper testimony that, if it had been objected to, would have
been excluded from trial and created a reasonable probability of acquittal, the
issue raised on appeal was different from the original claim and therefore
cannot be addressed. Judgment is affirmed. Brandon v. Missouri (MLW No.
63144/Case No. SD31145 - 10 pages) (Missouri Court of Appeals, Southern
District, Francis, J.) Appealed from circuit court, Greene County, Mountjoy, J.
(Mark A. Grothoff, Columbia, Missouri, for appellant) (Chris Koster and Jessica
P. Meredith, Jefferson City, Missouri, for respondent).

Criminal Law Assault Lesser-Included Offense Diminished Capacity Where a
defendant in a first-degree assault case argued that the trial court violated
his right to due process by refusing to instruct the jury on diminished capacity
and assault in the second degree, the trial court did not err in finding that
the instructions, which failed to comply with the Notes on Use, were not
supported by the evidence. Judgment is affirmed. State v. Knight (MLW No.
63142/Case No. SD31155 - 7 pages) (Missouri Court of Appeals, Southern District,
Lynch, J.) Appealed from circuit court, Greene County, Mountjoy, J. (Ellen H.
Flottman, Columbia, for appellant) (Chris Koster and Daniel N. McPherson,
Jefferson City, for respondent).

Criminal Law Pro Se Appellant Timeliness Where a pro se criminal appellant did
not timely appeal his 1995 judgment of conviction and sentence, the appeal must
be dismissed. Appeal is dismissed. State v. Payne (MLW No. 63143/Case No.
SD31292 - 3 pages) (Missouri Court of Appeals, Southern District, Burrell, P.J.)
Appealed from circuit court, New Madrid County, Copeland, J. (Timmy Payne, pro
se) (Chris Koster and James B. Farnsworth, Jefferson City, for respondent).

Real Property Adverse Possession Quiet Title Where plaintiff was awarded title
to a strip of land by adverse possession, a family relationship between prior
owners standing alone does not preclude a finding of adverse possession, and the
record contained substantial evidence that the plaintiff's predecessors
adversely possessed the disputed area by mowing, brush hogging and removing
trees and a house foundation from the land. Judgment is affirmed. Pike v.
Williamson (MLW No. 63141/Case No. SD31158 - 9 pages) (Missouri Court of
Appeals, Southern District, Lynch, J.) Appealed from circuit court, Greene
County, Conklin, J. (Rick J. Muenks, Springfield, for appellant) (Craig F.
Lowther, Kory D. Stubblefield and Aaron M. Klusmeyer, Springfield, for
respondent).

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

There's a difference

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 772 words


Regarding "Clinton says protests should reflect peace, not provoke violence"
(news story, April 17): Former President Bill Clinton seems to believe there are
two types of Oklahomans. He praised the actions and the compassion of Oklahomans
in the wake of the 1995 Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building bombing, an act
committed by a deranged individual. Then, in an obvious reference to the
nationwide tea party movement, Clinton said there's a difference between
criticizing a policy or a politician and "demonizing the government."

I worked across the street from the Murrah Building in what's now a memorial to
those killed in the bombing. That morning I saw the blood of the injured, the
smoking hulk of the building, the look in the eyes of panicked parents as they
rushed to find their children and the shock and bewilderment on the faces of
people everywhere.

I've also been to tea party rallies, orderly and nonviolent gatherings attended
by patriotic Oklahomans speaking out against the policies of Washington that
they believe are subverting the will of the people. The people who responded to
the bombing are the same ones who are now attending tea party rallies! There's a
difference between demonizing the government and calling into account political
power brokers who many believe are seizing control of the country in
unprecedented ways.

Clinton's speech reflects the liberal tendency of using a tragedy for political
purposes and using the acts of individuals to demonize messengers rather than
addressing the message.

Jim Powell, Yukon

DIMINISHED

Bill Clinton had a remarkable presidency with the exception of three incidents.
He had the unfortunate "affair." His Justice Department committed pure terrorism
in the return of a little boy to Cuba. Finally, there was the storming of the
David Koresh religious complex near Waco, Texas, that resulted in the deaths of
scores of men, women and children.

From Timothy McVeigh's own words, we know that this latter act ignited him to
destroy the Alfred P. Murrah Federal Building.  Thus, Clinton's plea for
restraint from violence during the present political division in America, while
commendable, is diminished when he uses McVeigh as an example. I know of no
violence coming from the tea party movements - just threats from both sides,
likely from the extreme far right and left.

William E. Dickey Jr., Moore

UNSPORTSMANLIKE CONDUCT

The NCAA's recent ban on eye black messages is unconstitutional. Every American
has a right to freedom of speech granted by the First Amendment. If a college
football player wants to express himself with eye black containing harmless
symbols or messages, he should be free to do so. The NCAA's Playing Rules
Oversight Panel should be tackled on this one!

Susan Tucker, Jones

DON'T GET DISTRACTED

Regarding "Controversial crucifix creates rift at church" (news story, April
15): Only someone with a dirty mind would perceive this icon as showing an image
of genitalia on Jesus. When I look at the image, I see Christ suffering on the
cross, not his body parts. If someone stops going to this church because of such
issues, they should trying finding another Catholic church and go there to pray
for God's forgiveness and receive the Eucharist - not to look for excuses not to
go to church at all.

I can understand why some people get upset, but we should all go to church to
praise God and Jesus Christ. Try to concentrate on why you are there. But if you
keep getting distracted by appearances, go to another place.

Bill Miller, Oklahoma City

Iconographer Janet Jaime said she will modify her work at St. Charles Borromeo
Catholic Church in order to end the controversy.

SCRUTINY LACKING

Regarding "Controversial crucifix creates rift at church" (news story, April
15): I've traveled all over the world and viewed iconography in numerous
countries, especially Italy and Greece. The icon in the Catholic church in Warr
Acres definitely looks to me like it has a phallic symbol. The cleft in the
lower rounded abdominal region gives it the appearance of a scrotum and the
narrowing of the upper abdominal region makes it look like a shaft.

If you look at other depictions of the San Damiano cross, you'll see more of a
rounded appearance both in the lower and upper abdominal regions that more
clearly is meant to show abdominal definition. Although the artist may have been
sincere, she should have given her work more scrutiny.

I'm not Catholic, but if I walked into that parish, my church or anywhere else
for that matter and saw a depiction of Jesus Christ that looked like that, I
also would have been highly offended.

Ron Smith, Bethany

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former President Bill Clinton

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               London Free Press

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Tribe picks up Francona , Santana options

BYLINE: Tom Withers, The associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 535  words

DATELINE: CLEVELAND


Two days later, the pain has diminished - a little.

The cruel sting of losing Game 7 hasn ' tcompletelylefttheCleveland Indians.

" We all want to hoist that World Series trophy ," team president Chris
Antonetti said Friday, " so it hurt when we lost ." At the same time the Chicago
Cubs were paradingdown Michigan Avenue after winning their first title in 108
years, the Indians - who pushed the NL champions into extra innings in an
unforgettable season finale before losing 8-7 - took the first steps toward
getting back to the Series in 2017.

For Antonetti, who has been with the club for 18 years, there is some comfort in
what the Indians did this season. But he ' ll never be satisfied completely
until Cleveland ' s title quest is finished.

" We went to Game 7 of the World Series - that in and of itself is an
accomplishment ," he said. " Not the ultimate one we ' re strivingfor, but still
a great organizational accomplishment ." With deadlines approaching and no time
for pity, the Indians locked up manager Terry Francona through 2020. The club
exercised its contract options for 2019 and 2020 on the 57-year-old manager, who
did a remarkable job in steering the Indians around numerous obstacles to get
them to their first Series since 1997.

Cleveland overcame key injuries, suspensions and questions about their
legitimacy as title contenders under Francona, who is in his fourth season got
the Indians within one win of their first title since 1948.

" He did a masterful job ," Antonetti said. " The way in which Tito is
constantly thinking about how to place individual players in a position to be
successful, to most impact the team, is always extraordinary. He does that first
and foremost by building really deep relationships with guys, where they knowhe
cares and he has their best interest in mind, and he ' s always going to find a
way for them to be the best versions of themselves.

" He ' s done that from the day he got here ." Antonetti and general manager
Mike Chernoff also praised Francona ' s willingness to include everyone in
Cleveland ' s front office on major decisions.

" He ' s five steps ahead of all of us (on the field)," Chernoff said. " That '
s just a small part of it. He ' s broken down barriers organizationally for us,
whether it ' s scouting, player development, that connection people feel
internally, and he ' s done it on the field with the team and in the clubhouse.
And the culture he has helped to build, a lot of the resiliency you see, the
grit you saw in this team, is a product of that culture. It ' s not any one move
that he made ." The Indians have had four straight winning seasons under
Francona, who won two titles with Boston. He ' s become wildly popular in
Cleveland, where he can be seen riding his motorized scooter to the ballpark and
where fans have embraced his everyman persona, enthusiasm and self-deprecating
sense of humour.

The Indians also exercised their US $12-million option on slugger Carlos Santana
for next season. Antonetti also said the club has expressed to first baseman
Mike Napoli and outfielder Rajai Davis that they would like to re-sign the
potential free agents. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights
reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / Francona;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 London Free Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              529 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 THE ADVERTISER

                           January 18, 2006 Wednesday
                                 State Edition

VIDEO VIOLENCE Challenge to existing theories;
How games impact on children

BYLINE: LISA ALLISON

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 262  words


CHILDREN who watch violent video games have a diminished responses to real-life
violence, according to U.S. research.

The University of Missouri-Columbia research adds to concerns about a possible
link between the games, aggressive behaviour, and the effects on children.

The study found violent video game junkies have a diminished brain response to
images of violence, such as gun attacks, occurring in the real world.

The researchers, led by psychologist Bruce Bartholow, say the reduction in
response to these real situations correlates with aggressive behaviour. The
study challenges existing theories that generally aggressive people are drawn to
such violent games.

They exposed the game players to real-life images of both violent and
non-violent scenes, while recording their brain waves.

Those who had more exposure to violent games had less brain reaction.

''People who play a lot of violent video games didn't see them as much different
from neutral,'' Associate Professor Bartholow, quoted in the science magazine
New Scientist, said.

Women's and Children's Hospital head of psychological medicine Jon Jureidini
said violent videos were used to desensitise soldiers to prepare them to ''shoot
to kill'' but the study was not conclusive proof that violent games make people
aggressive.

Medical oncologist and mother of four Dr Caroline Bampton, 40, of College Park,
said she was concerned about her children's exposure to violent games.

''We try and avoid the violent aggressive games,'' she said.

''At the moment they are playing games to do with trading or sports games.''

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV


                   Copyright 2006 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 28, 2002 Monday

Recent events prompt shifting of gears in retirement ; Steps to take: These
ideas can assist your planning

BYLINE: MIKE FLEEGE

SECTION: Pg. e4

LENGTH: 793 words


If the recent national events and market downturn have affected your plans to
retire on time, you are not alone.

Millions of people saving for retirement have just lived through the most
devastating bear market since the mid-1970s. With portfolios severely diminished
, many now face the realization that retiring at age 55, or even 65, may not be
possible.

Whether your portfolio was devastated or merely bruised, now is a good time to
consider shifting gears on your retirement plans and be prepared to possibly
keep working a little longer than you originally planned.

Here are some tips to help prevent diminished returns from turning into a
diminished possibility of a comfortable retirement.

Evaluate your current financial situations

Whether you use a calculator, an online retirement tool or work with a financial
adviser, it is important first to evaluate where you are today in your
retirement savings and estimate how much money you will need to retire
comfortably.

Decide how much income you will want to receive annually during your retirement.
Then, determine your estimated retirement income based on the funds you expect
to receive from employer-sponsored retirement plans, savings, investments and
Social Security.

Most sponsors of 401(k) plans provide tools - either printed worksheets or
Internet-based calculators - that can help employees determine how much money
they'll need to retire and how much they'll have to save to reach that goal.

Many online retirement tools are available free. One site to visit is
www.americanexpress.com. Go to "retirement tools" for useful planning guides.

Spend less and save more

Re-evaluate your lifestyle and cut down on unnecessary expenses to help reach
your retirement goals sooner.

Saving more money accomplishes two things: It creates a bigger nest egg, and it
helps the saver become accustomed to living on a smaller income.

The government just made it easier to save significantly more money in
retirement accounts. Beginning in 2002, you will be able to put more money
toward your retirement. Between 2002 and 2008, the maximum annual IRA
contribution will gradually increase from $$ @2,000 to $$ @5,000.

In addition, by 2006, limits on elective deferrals to save in employer-sponsored
plans will be progressively raised to $$ @15,000, up from the current $$
@11,000.

Individuals who are 50 or older also can make additional "catch-up"
contributions to IRAs and employer-sponsored plans, ranging from $$ @500 to $$
@1,000 per year.

Stay diversified

There's nothing like a bear market to remind everyone of the importance of
diversification.

This means dividing your assets among a range of investments, including stocks
of large and small companies, bonds, real estate and money market accounts.

Although the stock market has taken a beating during the past 18 months,
government bonds have posted hefty returns.

Diversification helps you spread risk throughout your portfolio so investments
that do poorly may be balanced by others that do relatively well.

However, diversification alone is not a guarantee of a profitable overall
return.

Forget early retirement

As a result of the 1990s bull market, many people began talking about retiring
early - at age 50 or 55. However, most people may have to wait to retire until
when their parents did - at 62 or 65.

Not only is early retirement less of an option these days, but Americans who
based their planning on overly optimistic stock market returns may need to work
past the normal retirement age to make sure they don't outlive their savings.

If you are forced into early retirement because of a layoff, consider other
professional options, such as doing some part-time teaching in your field of
expertise, accepting paid board positions or consulting part time.

Part-time work may be the perfect transition to help bridge your road to full
retirement.

Reassess your risk tolerance

If it looks as if you're shy of reaching your retirement goals, you may have to
re-evaluate your investment strategy.

However, try not to get so caught up in "catching up" that you forget to
consider your risk tolerance. A combination of your risk tolerance, the size of
the gap between your income goal and projected income, and the length of time
you have until you retire will help you decide how aggressively you need to save
and invest.

Get help

If you are concerned about how to make adjustments to your retirement planning,
consider meeting with a financial adviser.

Getting professional advice from an expert will be a good way to help you
prepare for retirement.

Fleege, CFP, is certified financial planner with American Express Financial
Advisors, Inc.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              531 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                  (The Caucus)

                              June 27, 2014 Friday

What's News in Washington: Obama Returns, Powers Diminished

BYLINE: ALAN RAPPEPORT

SECTION: US; politics

LENGTH: 446 words



HIGHLIGHT: President Obama returns to the White House from his &#8220;day in the
life&#8221; trip to Minnesota with his executive powers slightly diminished
following the Supreme Court&#8217;s decision to curb the ability of presidents
to make recess appointments.


Good Friday morning from Washington.

President Obama returns to the White House from his "day in the life" trip to
Minnesota with his executive powers slightly diminished following the Supreme
Court's decision to curb the ability of presidents to make recess appointments.

The Obama administration has expressed "deep disappointment" with the ruling,
which said that the House and Senate have the authority to block some recess
appointments by scheduling "mini-sessions" if they desire.

The decision comes as Mr. Obama is taking criticism from Republicans in the
House of Representatives for his expanding use of executive powers to carry out
his agenda in what he calls a "year of action." The Times's Michael Shear
reports that Speaker John. A. Boehner's promise to seek legislation that would
allow the House to sue Mr. Obama over his use of executive actions is part of
the continuing clash over the presidential power.

For now, the White House is calling the threat a stunt.

Here's what else you need to know:


     ·    Decision season is winding down at the Supreme Court, with the Hobby
          Lobby contraception mandate ruling expected to be handed down on
          Monday, the last day of the term. Be sure to check out The Times's
          breakdown of this year's decisions.



     ·    The Department of Veterans Affairs remains under fire for failing to
          listen to allegations of poor service made by its own employees. Mr.
          Obama will get the latest on the beleaguered agency at 5 p.m. when the
          acting secretary Sloan D. Gibson briefs him at the Oval Office.



     ·    Consumer spending represents about 70 percent of economic activity in
          the United States. So how are consumers feeling? The Thomson
          Reuters/University of Michigan index of consumer sentiment will shed
          some light at 9:55 a.m.


Here's what we're reading:


     ·    It has been a year since the Senate passed a comprehensive immigration
          bill, but prospects for an overhaul to the system appear dead. Tea
          Party opposition and growing mistrust of Mr. Obama among congressional
          Republicans are to blame. (New York Times)
     ·    More information could be available soon from the Inspector General on
          Lois Lerner's missing Internal Revenue Service emails. John Koskinen,
          the I.R.S. commissioner said more details could be released in the
          next few weeks. (The Hill)
     ·    Hillary Rodham Clinton's comments that she and President Clinton were
          "dead broke" when they left the White House have cast a spotlight on
          their finances. The frenetic speaking circuit was what lifted them
          from poverty to the 1 percent. (Washington Post)
     ·    But book royalties in China are not going to help Mrs. Clinton's
          financial situation. Because of criticism of China in "Hard Choices,"
          the memoir is banned in China. (Buzzfeed)


LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            December 21, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Tom Cruise melds action, intrigue as 'Jack Reacher'

BYLINE: BY GARY THOMPSON; Daily News Staff Writer thompsg@phillynews.com,
215-854-5992

SECTION: FEATURES; DN Yo! Features; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 456 words


LEE CHILD, author of the novels featuring hulking avenger/investigator Jack
Reacher, has defended the selection of tiny Tom Cruise to play the series'
towering, bulky hero, on the grounds that in Hollywood, there simply are no Jack
Reachers. Everybody is small. It's like the Shire. Except the hobbits all live
in 5,000-square-foot houses and drive SUVs.

Cruise, obviously, is not a match for the character's exterior. The question is
whether he can convey the character's interior. You have to buy Cruise as a
tarnished idealist, a man whose ugly, theater-of-war experiences (as a military
detective) have left him with a diminished belief in his country.

Diminished, but not extinguished. Reacher is in many ways an update of Phillip
Marlowe - the freelancing knight errant whose cynicism is the armor that guards
the heart of a believer.

This is where Cruise seems a little out of his depth - on screen, his Reacher is
a conventional, easily readable action hero, centerpiece in what turns out to be
a brisk, competent thriller.

And in troubling ways, a standard one. It's worth noting that absent the recent
tragedy in Newtown, Conn., we wouldn't give a second thought to the movie's
opening scene - a gunman with a rifle picking people off in a park, including a
mother running in terror while holding a child in her arms. It's strange to step
back and realize how we accept this as cultural wallpaper.

The shooter is arrested, a terse detective (Daniel Oyelowo) accumulates the
evidence for an open-and-shut case and hands it to a defense attorney (Rosamund
Pike) who takes it apparently to anger her father, the prosecutor (Richard
Jenkins).

It's all airtight, except the shooter, a former army sniper, makes a cryptic
request that his attorney contact Reacher, the retired investigator, a shadowy
figure of mysterious and unknowable motives, proud to be "off the grid," in
every sense of the word.

Director Christopher McQuarrie (he wrote "The Usual Suspects") gets Child's
style of storytelling just right - smart and abrupt, like Reacher himself.
Reacher appears and starts tearing the case apart with his singular mixture of
ruthless brawn and Sherlock Holmes-like powers of deduction. McQuarrie's movie
follows the sharp, violent contours of the story with aplomb.

It holds up fairly well until the climax, which, alas, looks like something out
of an old "Mannix" episode - if Werner Herzog were to guest star on "Mannix."
Yes, that's Herzog, appearing as a Euro-sadist bad guy. His signature move - he
gives blundering henchmen the choice to either chew off their fingers or take a
bullet to the head.

From the evidence presented, it is better to give than receive the knuckle
sandwich.

Blog: philly.com/KeepItReel


LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         North Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                            March 10, 2016 Thursday

Groundwater contamination case raises specter of increased litigation

BYLINE: Jeff Jeffrey

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1759  words


A decision out of the North Carolina Court of Appeals has garnered the attention
of environmental law attorneys in the state because it raises questions about
who should have to cover the cost of cleaning up contaminated groundwater when a
chemical spill starts to affect surrounding properties.

When a gasoline supplier discovered that storage tanks on a property it owned in
Winston-Salem had been leaking its petroleum-based product into the local
groundwater, it moved quickly to clean up the mess. But that wasn't good enough
for the owner of a neighboring property whose groundwater was also affected by
the leak. He argued that Beroth Oil Co. should have to pick up the cost of a
remediation effort on his property, in addition to paying for the diminished
value of the land.

In a March 1 decision, the Court of Appeals held that while it was undeniable
that Beroth was responsible for the contaminated groundwater, damages should be
capped at the cost of the diminished value of the neighboring property, rather
than the much more expensive cleanup plan the owner of BSK Enterprises wanted to
employ. The three-judge panel upheld the trial court's finding that by cleaning
up the source of the spill, Beroth had ensured the neighboring property would
benefit as well. That said, the court acknowledged it will be decades before
natural processes dissipate the contaminated groundwater.

Environmental attorneys watching the case said the decision could have a
significant impact going forward on similar litigation involving spills and
could set the stage for more lawsuits.

"This case raises a number of public policy questions and provides an incentive
for property owners with groundwater contamination on their land to sue, knowing
that oil companies will have to pay permanent damages for what is a temporary
injury," said Richard Morton of Womble Carlyle Sandridge & Rice's environmental
regulatory compliance practice in Raleigh.

  A plan of action

The spill in question occurred on a property Beroth purchased in 1987 and
installed underground storage tanks on a year later. The company discovered the
leak when it moved to sell the property in 2005. Beroth reported the leak to the
N.C. Department of Environmental Quality, then known as the Department of
Environment and Natural Resources, which ordered the company to conduct a
comprehensive site assessment.

Meanwhile, in 2006, Bradley Kelley purchased a metal-frame building on a
neighboring property for $130,000, which he intended to use as a warehouse and
distribution facility for a water filter and coffee business. Kelley is the sole
owner and proprietor of BSK Enterprises Inc. and B. Kelley Enterprises Inc.

According to court records, Kelley was informed of the leak and its potential
impact on his property in a June 28, 2010, letter from DEQ. The letter allegedly
stated that a well-water sample taken on his property had detected contaminants
and that additional testing was needed.

Terraquest, an environmental engineering firm hired by Beroth, later filed a
corrective action plan with DEQ that included a number of remediation strategies
for addressing the spill on Beroth's property. None of those strategies would
directly target Kelley's property, court records said. When Kelley protested the
proposed plan, he was allegedly informed by DEQ that by addressing the source of
the spill, the groundwater on his property would eventually become free of
contamination through the process of natural attenuation--though an expert later
testified that process could take up to 25 years to complete. DEQ approved
Beroth's proposed action plan.

Over the next four years, Terraquest employed a number of strategies to remove
the concentrated petroleum spills on Beroth's property. As a result, the "free
product" levels on Beroth's property were allegedly cut from 3.4 feet to 3
inches. Court records said the cleanup effort also had the knock-on effect of
reducing the contaminant levels on Kelley's property. A water supply test found
that the water on Kelley's property did not pose a health risk.

Despite those findings, Kelley hired his own environmental engineer, who
proposed a plan to clean the groundwater on Kelley's property. The cost of that
plan was about $1.5 million. Beroth declined to cover the cost of that plan,
prompting Kelley to sue. The lawsuit was filed in the name of the two companies
owned by Kelley.

Damages disagreement

At trial, a Forsyth County jury found that Kelley's property had a fair market
value of $180,000. But the jury said that value had fallen to $71,500 as a
result of the contaminated groundwater--a diminished value of $108,500. The jury
also found that the cost of cleaning up Kelley's property would be $1.492
million and awarded Kelley the full cost of remediation.

On June 5, 2014, the Superior Court judge hearing the case issued a
"post-verdict order," which capped Kelley's damages at a much lower value.
Finding that the total cost of diminution and remediation was disproportionate
to the injury Kelley suffered, the judge capped his companies' claims of
trespass and nuisance at $108,500. The trial court chose that figure to reflect
the lost value on the property and that the injury was a "temporary and abatable
nuisance. "

Both sides appealed the trial court decision.

Kelley's brief to the Court of Appeals argued the trial court got it wrong by
capping damages at the diminished value of the property, rather than allowing
for the cost of remediation. Kelley also argued that because the jury did not
issue a verdict on the trespass and nuisance claims, the trial court's decision
to award damages on those claims that were capped at the diminished value of the
property was improper.

Beroth argued that Kelley's case should have been dismissed for lack of
standing. The company also argued Kelley was not entitled to diminution damages
related to the stigma associated with groundwater contamination and that the
nuisance and trespass claims should have been dismissed because the
contamination did not result in a substantial interference with the use of the
property. Beroth's position had amicus support from the North Carolina Chamber
and N.C. Petroleum & Convenience Marketers Inc.

The appeal raised several issues of first impression for the Court of Appeals,
including what damages should be assessed in instances where subsurface
contaminants have migrated onto neighboring properties.

  Who pays?

Writing for the Court of Appeals panel, Judge Wanda Bryant  said the trial court
got it right when it capped Kelley's damages at the diminution cost, despite the
fact that North Carolina courts have advised that the lost value standard
suffers from excess rigidity and should be applied with caution.

Bryant said that unlike in previous Court of Appeals decisions, the contaminants
at issue in BSK Enterprises v. Beroth Oil Co. were underground, approximately 25
feet below the surface. She noted that the contamination on Kelley's property
"cannot be seen, smelled, touched, nor is it otherwise disruptive, intrusive,
dangerous or harmful. "

Add to that the fact that Beroth has taken active steps to remediate the
migration of the contamination, and Bryant said awarding Kelley's companies
damages for the full cost of remediation was "disproportionate" and
"unreasonable. "

Bryant said, "Accordingly, the trial court's post-verdict order entering a
judgment in favor of plaintiffs for damages for nuisance, trespass and violation
of the (Oil Pollution and Hazardous Substances Control Act] in the amount of
$108,500 was not erroneous. "

She added that Kelley's claim was not governed by "personal use doctrine" as he
argued because the property was owned and being used by two businesses he owned.

The Court of Appeals rejected most of Beroth's arguments, finding that the award
of damages for nuisance and trespass was proper because the contaminants
resulted in "substantial annoyance and some interference with comfort and use of
the property as well as the need for filtration. "

Guy Crabtree of Crabtree, Carpenter & Connolly in Durham, who represented
Kelley's companies on appeal, said he intends to file for discretionary review
by the N.C. Supreme Court because the Court of Appeals decision provides no
incentive for oil companies to keep spills from occurring.

"The concern I have is that innocent landowners may not have any control over if
and when their property is cleaned up," Crabtree said. "Without requiring them
to pay remediation costs, they could simply calculate that the cost of
mitigating the risk of spills is more expensive than simply paying the
diminution costs if they do occur. "

Kelley's companies were also represented by C. Douglas Maynard of Maynard &
Harris in Winston-Salem.

Matthew Bryant of Hendrick Bryant Nerhood Sanders & Otis in Winston-Salem
declined to comment on the Court of Appeals decision, saying only, "This is an
important case that has severe ramifications for DEQ and North Carolina
groundwater. "

  Trickle-down effect

Regardless of where they stand on the Court of Appeals' decision in BSK
Enterprises v. Beroth, attorneys following the case agree that the Court of
Appeals decision is likely to have a significant impact on groundwater
contamination lawsuits going forward.

Those who support Kelley's position say North Carolina law makes it clear that
the proper remedy for temporary damage to property is the cost of repair, not
the diminution in value.

As the North Carolina Advocates for Justice put it in an amicus brief filed in
support of Kelley's companies, "A hardline, universal damages cap robs trial
courts of the flexibility needed to ensure that innocent landowners are fully
compensated. "

But Womble Carlyle's Morton said he opposes the idea of using the diminution
value as the damages cap for a different reason. Because the injury allegedly
suffered by Kelley was temporary, Morton said Kelley will be made whole through
the natural course of time.

"Therefore, granting permanent damages of diminution for a temporary injury
essentially amounts to double recovery for the plaintiffs," Morton said, adding
the Court of Appeals decision could increase the number of lawsuits that are
filed. "If I am a landowner with groundwater contamination, and I think I can
get both damages and the full value of my property if I wait a few years, that
sounds like a pretty good deal to me. "

Follow Jeff Jeffrey on Twitter at @NCLWJeffrey.

http://www.nclawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2016 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Lewis' role reduced

BYLINE: by CHRIS ADAMSKI

LENGTH: 551 words


ANN ARBOR, Mich. "" In a span of a couple of weeks, Geno Lewis has gone from one
of the nation's top receivers to one whose role has been diminished by his own
team.

Penn State coach James Franklin was asked to explain why after Lewis was held to
three receptions "" all in the second half "" for 17 yards on four targets
Saturday in an 18-13 loss at Michigan.

"Just the way the whole week worked out with practice and some other things
based on film and things we've been evaluating all year long," Franklin said.
"There's a lot of factors that went into it. Not one specific reason."

Lewis, who entered the game ranked third in the Big Ten in receptions and
receiving yards, did not start for the first time this season and did not play
during the first possession of the game. He also was absent on many situations
in which he could have been most valuable: Passing downs, in three-receiver sets
and third-and-long plays.

Lewis, a sophomore, had 20 catches for 380 yards through three games but has
just seven receptions for 50 yards over the past two contests.

Freshmen Saeed Blacknall and Chris Godwin each made his first career start
Saturday. But they combined for only one catch (Blacknall for 17 yards in the
fourth quarter) on six targets. On multiple times, it appeared as if one of them
ran the wrong route "" or had at least a miscommunication with quarterback
Christian Hackenberg.

DaeSean Hamilton "" a freshman who has surpassed Lewis as Hackenberg's go-to
receiver "" gave his take on why Lewis' role has been diminished.

"I think it was just letting other guys get the reps that they need because we
have multiple guys out there who can make plays," Hamilton said. "It's just
getting a feel of all the guys on the team and seeing what they're capable of."

"[#x2dc]D' rankings stay high

Penn State remained No. 2 nationally in rushing defense (60.8 yards per game)
after Michigan had 31 carries for 64 yards.

The Lions are fifth in scoring defense (15.2 points per game) and total defense
(283.3 ypg), one spot behind Pitt in the latter. Penn State is tied for second
in the FBS in opponent first downs (85 through six games).

In contrast, the offense is last in the Big Ten in scoring.

"Of course it can be frustrating," cornerback Jordan Lucas said. "But the fact
remains that if we didn't let them score (a) touchdown, we probably win the
game.

"In order to have a successful football team, you have to have each other's
back, and we definitely do."

Nittany notes

Hamilton had seven catches to give him 43 midway through the season,
establishing a freshman school record. Deon Butler had 37 in 2005. "¦ After a
relatively unproductive sophomore season, end Deion Barnes is showing signs he
can return to his Big Ten Defensive Freshman of the Year form of 2012. After
tying a career high with six tackles in the previous game, Barnes had seven
Saturday, including his third sack of the season. "¦ Despite recent struggles,
Hackenberg leads the Big Ten in passing at 272.8 yards per game. "¦ Linebacker
Mike Hull is second in the conference and 15th nationally in tackles (10.7 per
game). He has led the Lions in every game this season, having at least 10 on
four occasions.

Chris Adamski is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. Reach him at
cadamski@tribweb.com or via Twitter @C_AdamskiTrib.

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              June 5, 2007 Tuesday

City opposes bill that could raise eminent domain costs

BYLINE: El Paso Times Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 631 words


By Erica Molina Johnson

El Paso Times

The City Council learned Tuesday that a bill awaiting the governor's signature,
which addresses concerns about the use of eminent domain for economic
development, was altered with an amendment that could cost the city millions on
future projects.

The amendment would compensate property owners who have diminished access as a
result of an eminent domain action.

The change means El Paso and cities and counties throughout the state would pay
millions more in costs relating to traditional projects, such as transportation
projects, using eminent domain.

Mayor John Cook drafted a letter to be sent immediately to Gov. Rick Perry to
voice the city's opposition to the amendment and ask him to veto the bill.

"At the last minute, they put in an amendment that nobody caught," he said.

With the bill as amended, "if your access is restricted in any way from what it
is now, you would have to be paid a compensatory amount," Cook said.

The letter was ready to be sent before Tuesday's City Council meeting had ended.

"At the eleventh hour, special interest groups were allowed to hijack HB 2006,"
Cook wrote. "As presented for your signature, HB 2006 now includes an amendment
that expands damages to include diminished access to highways from remaining
property when property is condemned for state highways and toll roads.

"This amendment distorts the original intent of HB 2006, which was clearly
designed to address the prevalent and legitimate public interest in protecting
private property rights in this state."

Stuart Blaugrund, the lawyer for Land Grab Opponents of El Paso, a group of
Downtown business owners opposed to the development plan, said in an e-mailed
statement that the opposition to the amendment was just a stunt by Cook and the
City Council.

"This eleventh hour objection to HB 2006 is a complete pretext," he wrote. "Why
would the city council have a problem with compensating property owners for
highway projects that reduce access to their properties when the most vocal
supporters of the Downtown plan have repeatedly stated that the city will use
replacement value to compensate property owners for taking their properties?

"The Texas Legislature included this provision because that money belongs to
property owners and they have been shortchanged in condemnation proceedings for
years."

The council may consider ratifying Cook's letter at next week's meeting.

"It has nothing to do with Downtown (redevelopment) and everything to do with
transportation costs," South-West city Rep. Beto O'Rourke said. "I am in support
of a letter urging the governor to do something about it."

Cook said he was hopeful that Perry would veto the bill, despite his support for
most of its content.

"We're hopeful the governor will refuse to sign the legislation, and my hope is
that he will call for a special session to deal with this," he said. "It's
actually a very good bill. I was hoping it would pass, and I was really upset
when I found this fly in the ointment."

He said the bill in its original form would help El Paso.

"Everything in House Bill 2006 I was extremely supportive of. It took the
reputation that we are the poster child of eminent domain and eliminated that,"
Cook said.

Though some council members wanted to immediately vote on whether the mayor
should sign such a letter, Northeast city Rep. Melina Castro urged for the
council to delay action until a later meeting because she had asked for the
item's deletion from Tuesday's agenda and no item relating to the sending of a
letter was on the agenda.

Cook said he had the authority to send the letter without the City Council's
approval.

"I was trying to be very open" by taking it to the City Council, Cook said.

Erica Molina Johnson may be reached at emolina@elpasotimes.com; 546-6132.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              536 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           October 21, 2010 Thursday
                                  ALL EDITION

KINDER, GENTLER, ALWAYS WORTH A LOOK;
Neither diminished play nor growing controversy changes Brett Favre's impact.

BYLINE: Tom Oates

SECTION: SPORTS; Tom Oates; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 735 words

DATELINE: GREEN BAY


If that guy in the Dos Equis ads is the most interesting man in the world, then
Brett Favre surely is the most interesting man in the NFL.

Whether you love him, hate him or, like many Green Bay Packers fans, are
experiencing both emotions simultaneously, you can't take your eyes off him. And
thanks to ESPN's obsession with the 41-year-old quarterback, you never have to.

Packers' fans are used to it, of course, because their eyes were riveted to
Favre for 16 seasons. But after losing a power struggle with management and
leaving Green Bay in 2008, Favre somehow managed to raise his already
off-the-charts profile.

It began when his annual will-he-or-won't-he retirement debate went national,
continued with his Fountain of Youth season for the Minnesota Vikings in 2009
and blew up this fall with his diminished performance and the sexting scandal
that has made him the subject of an NFL investigation.

Favre clearly is damaging his legacy with what's happening on and off the field
this year, but it doesn't seem to matter. He remains the NFL's top draw.

When he made his first start against the Packers on a Monday night last year, it
was the most-watched cable television program ever. Just the other day, a
late-afternoon game between Minnesota and Dallas, two 1-3 teams, had the highest
rating for any Sunday NFL game this season.Still, the fascination with Favre
causes one to wonder. Are people watching because they know he'll make a
miraculous play or do they have a morbid curiosity over his tendinitis-ravaged
elbow and the racy text messages he allegedly sent to a female in-game host and
fellow New York Jets employee in 2008?

At this point, one thing is clear: As Favre prepares to make his 139th and most
likely final start at Lambeau Field on Sunday night, the Vikings' quarterback is
in a much-more conciliatory mood than he was last year.

Back then, Favre had an edge to his voice whenever he spoke about the Packers,
presumably because he wanted to prove to general manager Ted Thompson that
trading him was a mistake. But when Favre talked with Wisconsin reporters via
teleconference Wednesday, his tone was considerably softer.

Whether that's because he has nothing left to prove after beating the Packers
twice last season or because he's thinking about his future relationship with
the organization or because he and the Vikings are struggling this season, only
Favre knows. But he went out of his way to praise coach Mike McCarthy, the
Packers organization and Green Bay fans. Heck, he even professed his respect for
Thompson.

Oh, it was a little frosty early on when Favre was asked about his meeting
Tuesday with NFL investigator Milt Ahlerich.

"It's a league issue," Favre said. "Let's just leave it at that."

Favre had a similar response when asked if he was embarrassed that his private
life was the subject of national scrutiny and if that was a distraction for him.

"My focus is on Green Bay, as it was on Dallas last week and the Jets prior to
that," he said. "My focus has never wavered one bit in, I don't know, 300-plus
games. It's always (there)."

Favre warmed up after that and, in true Favre form, he actually retired and
unretired in the same news conference.

"Unless we come back (to Green Bay) in the playoffs, which there's always an
outside chance of that, this is my last go-around," he said.

But when he was asked later if he expected anyone to believe that, Favre left
the retirement door open just a crack.

"Just hold your pen and we'll see what happens," he said. "Let's get through
this game and we'll figure out what happens the rest of the year. But I plan on
ending it."

Later, Favre said Thompson's failure to act on his desire to acquire wide
receiver Randy Moss in 2007 and again in 2008 led to their rocky relationship.
Ironically, the Vikings acquired Moss two weeks ago to give Favre the deep
threat he had been missing since Sidney Rice had hip surgery.

"Sure, I would have liked to see him come in and play with him," Favre said.
"The guy ended up catching 23 touchdowns (in 2007). ... As far as Ted and I go,
do we talk on a regular basis? No. But I think in the end our relationship will
be as it was for many years. It was a business relationship that I don't want to
say went sour, but that's where it went awry. But that's over and done with."

Unlike last year, Favre actually sounded like he meant that.

Contact Tom Oates at toates@madison.com or 608-252-6172.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press archives Ex-Jets employee Jenn Sterger hired a lawyer
Wednesday, her manager, Phil Reese, said. Reese also said it was uncertain
whether she would meet with the NFL about inappropriate text messages and lewd
photos allegedly sent to her in 2008 by former Jets quarterback Brett Favre.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

Indians pick up contract options on Francona, Santana

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. D7

LENGTH: 475 words


CLEVELAND * Two days later, the pain has diminished - a little.

The cruel sting of losing Game 7 hasn't completely left the Cleveland Indians.

"We all want to hoist that World Series trophy," team president Chris Antonetti
said Friday, "so it hurt when we lost."

At the same time the Chicago Cubs were parading down Michigan Avenue after
winning their first title in 108 years, the Indians - who pushed the NL
champions into extra innings in an unforgettable season finale before losing 8-7
- took the first steps toward getting back to the Series in 2017.

For Antonetti, who has been with the club for 18 years, there is some comfort in
what the Indians did this season. But he'll never be satisfied completely until
Cleveland's title quest is finished.

"We went to Game 7 of the World Series, that in and of itself is an
accomplishment," he said. "Not the ultimate one we're striving for, but still a
great organizational accomplishment."

With deadlines approaching and no time for pity, the Indians jumped right into
the off-season by locking up manager Terry Francona through 2020.

The club exercised its contract options for 2019 and 2020 on the 57-year-old
manager, who did a remarkable job in steering the Indians around numerous
obstacles to get them to their first Series since 1997.

Cleveland overcame key injuries, suspensions and questions about their
legitimacy as title contenders under Francona, who in his fourth season got the
Indians within one win of their first title since 1948.

"He did a masterful job," Antonetti said. "The way in which Tito is constantly
thinking about how to place individual players in a position to be successful,
to most impact the team, is always extraordinary. He does that first and
foremost by building really deep relationships with guys, where they know he
cares and he has their best interest in mind, and he's always going to find a
way for them to be the best versions of themselves.

"He's done that from the day he got here. As high as our expectations were for
Tito when we hired him, he's gone beyond that. We're really fortunate to have
him."

Antonetti and general manager Mike Chernoff also praised Francona's willingness
to include everyone in Cleveland's front office on major decisions.

"He's five steps ahead of all of us (on the field)," Chernoff said. "That's just
a small part of it. He's broken down barriers organizationally for us, whether
it's scouting, player development, that connection people feel internally, and
he's done it on the field with the team and in the clubhouse. And the culture he
has helped to build, a lot of the resiliency you see, the grit you saw in this
team, is a product of that culture. It's not any one move that he made."

The Indians have had four straight winning seasons under Francona, who won two
titles with Boston. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            March 29, 2008 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Target the blame;
Don't lose focus on public policy amid chaos from personal scandals

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 563 words


New York's governors have been diminished by their own personal actions. That's
a sad legacy, but self-inflicted.

The even sadder legacy is the way elected officials of all stripes in this state
have diminished taxpayers. Taxpayers did nothing to deserve that. Over decades,
their representatives have done it anyway.

In the aftermath of a disturbingly long series of gubernatorial character
revelations, taxpayers should now remind themselves to focus not on the personal
flaws of high-profile politicians but on the public flaws of a government that
still over-spends, still over-taxes and still condones a climate unfriendly to
businesses and jobs. Focus on recovery, and accountability for it. In the words
of effectiveness guru Stephen R. Covey, "The main thing is to keep the main
thing the main thing."

There's a lesson in that for politicians, the media and the public. Covey's
dictum can be applied to everyone in state government, from Gov. David A.
Paterson on down.

Character matters. Behavior offers insights into the thinking of our leaders.
That's why public officials, elected to positions of trust, are held to higher
standards.

But in the long run, what an official does in his public life is more important
to all of us than what he does in his private life. Public life shapes public
policy, often far beyond the tenure of the individual.

Former Gov. Eliot L. Spitzer's fall from grace was monumental, and may be proven
to have been law-breaking as well. But the major impact on New York is not the
crisis in his private life, deep as he has made that, but on the loss of the
culture of reforms he seemed to promise.

Paterson's confessed marital lapses -- smart strategy amid the "scandal fatigue"
immediately following the Spitzer debacle but also an example of forthright
dealing with the public -- were far more personal and far less a matter of
public impact.

But this is also a state where the Senate majority leader and now acting
lieutenant governor, Joseph L. Bruno, faces investigations of his own. And a
state in which lesser scandals, some of which have deservedly cost public
officials their jobs, unfortunately are not that uncommon. That's a shame not
just for taxpayers but for upright officials who try honestly to do their jobs.
But the real public impact, and the greatest transgression, is the collective
failure of government to act consistently on behalf of the people, and not for
political gain (for example, in redistricting) or special interests (for
example, union or industry lobbying).

New York residents have been told for decades that they and the businesses of
this state have been over-taxed and over-regulated, and yet the Legislature and
the executive branch persist in spending increases well beyond the rate of
inflation -- increases paid for by increased taxes instead of spending
reductions and waste elimination that might actually lead to needed tax
reductions.

The ultimate weapon of the citizen is the vote. Instead of simply battering
elected officials who have strayed in their private lives, New Yorkers should
use their votes to force accountability from those who have been battering the
taxpayers. Unless that happens, leaders in the Legislature remain safe in their
incumbency, addicted to the political power reflected in the dispersal of favors
and patronage, and unlikely to listen. Keep the main thing the main thing.

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorials

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Michigan Lawyers Weekly

                                 March 20, 2006

U.S. District Court Eastern District Case Summaries: March 20, 2006

BYLINE: Michigan Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2258  words


Bankruptcy

Preferential Transfer Claim - No Evidence Of Diminished Estate

The bankruptcy court incorrectly allowed the trustee to avoid a bank's mortgage
lien on the debtor's property as a preferential transfer because the trustee has
the burden to show that the lien diminished the debtor's estate and, in this
case, the value of the estate did not change.

Further, even if the estate's value had been diminished, the bank's interest
would be protected by the earmarking doctrine.

"The earmarking doctrine is recognized by the Sixth Circuit, and says that: 'If
all that occurs in a "transfer" is the substitution of one creditor for another,
no preference is created because the debtor has not transferred property of his
estate; he still owes the same sum to a creditor, only the identity of the
creditor has changed. '...

"In analyzing whether the earmarking doctrine was applicable to the transfer in
this case, the Bankruptcy Court determined that there were actually two distinct
transfers that occurred. The first was a transfer of funds from Chase to the
Debtor to payoff the loan secured by the Purchase Money Mortgage. The second
transfer occurred upon the recording of the Refinance Mortgage in favor of
Chase. The Court found only the first transfer, the transfer of funds, to be
protected by the earmarking doctrine. ... Because the Trustee sought to avoid
the second transfer (the Debtor's granting of a security interest in his
Property to Chase) and not the first, the Bankruptcy Court found the earmarking
doctrine inapplicable in this case.

"This Court disagrees with the view of the Bankruptcy Court that the Refinance
Loan transaction constitutes two transfers for purposes of applying the
earmarking doctrine. Simply stated, the Debtor refinanced his home with Chase.
Chase paid off the existing mortgage and recorded its interest in the Property,
albeit outside the ten-day period provided for in Sect. 547(e). The granting of
the loan and recording the mortgage are two sides of the same coin, they are one
transaction. To view it any other way would be to elevate form over substance.
...

"The Trustee has failed to show diminution of the Debtor's estate in this case
where the Refinance Loan added value in the same amount that the Refinance
Mortgage encumbered the estate. Furthermore, when the transaction is viewed as a
whole, as it must be under the earmarking doctrine, the Debtor's estate had the
same value before the refinance transaction took place as it did after the
Refinance Mortgage was recorded. "

Reversed.

In re: Lee. (Eastern District of Michigan) (Lawyers Weekly No. 02-58514) (10
pages) (Steeh, J.).

Civil Rights

Section 1983 - Effect Of Nolo Plea To State-Court Charge

Plaintiff's nolo contendere plea to a state-court charge of hindering and
obstructing a police officer precludes him from pursuing a state-law false
arrest claim in this Sect. 1983 action.

Plea Bars Claim

"Under Michigan law, it is well established that a conviction, unless procured
by fraud or unfair means, is conclusive evidence of probable cause. ... This
general rule applies to convictions resulting from a guilty plea. ... While this
Court was not able to locate a Michigan court decision applying this rule in the
case of a nolo contendere plea, a plea of nolo contendere is materially
indistinct from a guilty plea under Michigan law. ... Courts in this Circuit
have held that a defendant's nolo contedere plea in state court precludes the
individual from later asserting, as a plaintiff in federal court, that officers
lacked probable cause to arrest and that therefore the plaintiffs Section 1983
and state law unlawful arrest claims are barred. ... The Court therefore
concludes that plaintiff's false arrest claim is barred by his nolo contendere
plea. "

Probable Cause

"But even if Mr. DeVoe's plea is not a bar to his false arrest claim, the Court
finds that defendants are entitled to summary judgment because they had
reasonable suspicion for initially stopping Mr. DeVoe and probable cause to
subsequently arrest him. ...

"In this case, the officers were responding to a 911 call regarding a suspicious
occupied vehicle at 12:38 a.m. The area was known for its high rate of
automobile thefts and thefts from automobiles. While the resident who called 911
described the suspicious vehicle as a red car that looked 'to be like a Grand
Am,'... there is no evidence as to whether this information was provided to the
officers by the dispatcher. A few blocks from the area where the suspicious
automobile was reportedly located, the officers observed a man in dark clothing
removing items from a parked vehicle. According to Officer Rebant, he intended
to conduct a brief investigation in order to determine the identity of the
individual and whether the truck belonged to the individual and/or whether he
lived in the area.

"Under these circumstances, the Court believes that the officers had a
reasonable suspicion that criminal activity - i.e. theft from an automobile -
was afoot. In light of these circumstances, it was reasonable for the officers
to stop and ask the individual to identify himself. After the officers lawfully
stopped Mr. DeVoe, his refusal to provide identification and cooperate provided
probable cause to arrest him for hindering and obstructing in violation of
Michigan Compiled Law Section 750.479 and/or Eastpointe Ordinance 658.03. "

No Excessive Force

DeVoe claims defendants used excessive force because they used a taser gun to
subdue him after he was handcuffed. "Mr. DeVoe fails to cite to any case where a
court has found the use of a taser gun unreasonable. Mr. DeVoe argues that the
law is clearly established, however, that an officer may not use gratuitous
force on a suspect who already has been subdued and handcuffed. See Resp. at
18-20 (citing McDowell v. Rogers, 863 F.2d 1302 (6th Cir. 1988) and Bultema v.
Benzie County, No. 04-1772, 2005 WL 1993429 (6th Cir. Aug. 17, 2005)). The facts
of both cases, however, are distinguishable from the present one. In Bultema,
the officers used pepper spray on the plaintiff after the plaintiff had been
slammed against a porch railing, handcuffed, was crouched down and leaning
heavily against the porch railing, and could barely stand upright. ...
Similarly, the plaintiff in McDowell had been subdued and handcuffed and was
complying with the officers when he allegedly was hit in the head with a
nightstick. ... While Mr. DeVoe was handcuffed when he was stunned with the
taser gun, there is no genuine issue of material fact that he still was
resisting the officers' commands to enter the police car and was arguing with
them.

"In summary, the Court believes Officer Sommerfeld's use of the taser gun was
objectively reasonable under the circumstances and thus did not constitute
excessive force. But even if the officer's conduct was not reasonable, the Court
finds that the conduct did not violate clearly established law. As such,
Defendants are entitled to qualified immunity with respect to Mr. DeVoe's
excessive force claim. "

Defendants are granted summary judgment.

DeVoe v. Rebant, et al. (Eastern District of Michigan) (Lawyers Weekly No.
02-58561) (20 pages) (Duggan, J.).

Employment

Title VII - Discrimination And Retaliation Claims

Pay differentials and evidence of workplace politics do not constitute direct
evidence of plaintiff-doctor's claims of race and gender discrimination by the
hospital that employed her.

Further, although plaintiff has established that she engaged in protected
activity by complaining about the perceived discrimination, her claim that her
employment contract was not renewed in retaliation for her complaints fails
because there is no evidence that race or gendermotivated the decision not to
renew her contract.

Background

"Plaintiff Karen Dyer was employed for seven years as a pediatrician at
Community Memorial Hospital in Cheboygan, Michigan. She claims that during her
tenure the defendant discriminated against her because of her race and gender
and the hospital's decision not to renew her employment contract violated state
and federal law because it was taken in retaliation for her complaints about
that discrimination. The plaintiff also alleges that later action by the
hospital temporarily suspending her staff privileges was illegal because it was
retaliatory and motivated by discrimination on account of her race and gender.
She has brought her claims under Title VII of the Civil Rights Act of 1964, 42
U.S.C. ' 2000e-3, and various provisions of state law. ... The defendant has
filed a motion for summary judgment as to all claims. The Court referred the
motion to Magistrate Judge Charles E. Binder pursuant to 28 U.S.C. Sect.
636(b)(1)(B). On August 4, 2005, the magistrate judge issued a report
recommending that the Court grant the defendant's motion for summary judgment
with respect to the plaintiff's federal claims and dismiss without prejudice the
remaining state law claims. The parties have filed timely objections to the
report and recommendation along with responses thereto, and the matter is before
the Court for de novo review.

"The Court now finds that the parties' objections lack merit and the magistrate
judge's ultimate conclusions are correct. Plaintiff Dyer has failed to come
forward with evidence, direct or circumstantial, from which a reasonable fact
finder could conclude that she was discriminated against in the material terms
and conditions of her employment under Title VII on the basis of her race and
gender. Although the plaintiff has presented evidence that she engaged in
protected activity, the first element of a Title VII retaliation claim, she
otherwise has not demonstrated the defendant retaliated against her because of
her race or gender. The majority of defendant's objections are moot as a result
of these conclusions. The remaining objection, a request for attorneys fees,
lacks merit: there has been no showing that the plaintiffs' claims were
frivolous or undertaken in bad faith, and an award of attorneys fees is
inappropriate.

"The Court therefore will overrule the parties' respective objections, save for
the plaintiff's challenge to the protected-activity element of her retaliation
claim, adopt in part the magistrate judge's report and recommendation, grant the
defendant's motion for summary judgment, dismiss the federal claims with
prejudice, and dismiss without prejudice the plaintiffs' state law claims. "

No Direct Evidence

"[T]here can be little question that the pay differentials and the plaintiffs'
rather lengthy recitation of workplace politics do not constitute direct
evidence of discrimination. As the magistrate judge noted, the record reflects
no instances of racial slurs or gender-based comments. The sixty-eight dollar
pay differential, the fact that the plaintiff had experience above and beyond
Dr. Darr, and Dr. Tryban's smaller salary prove discrimination only if one
adopts the inferences the plaintiff advocates. For example, the pay difference
between Darr and the plaintiff could suggest that the defendant favored white
males over black females as pediatricians. It also could suggest that the
defendant believed Dr. Darr had the potential to be a better doctor or had
better credentials although less experience, or perhaps that the defendant was
more desperate for doctors given market conditions. The record includes
explanations that Darr hired an attorney to negotiate his contract (which the
plaintiff did not do) and the plaintiff had other benefits Darr did not.

"The plaintiff responds that the defendant should not be able to mask its
discrimination by simply pointing to trivial differences such as these. As a
matter of basic fairness, perhaps that logic may have allure. However, as a
matter of law, the plaintiff's argument does not transform circumstantial
evidence into direct evidence. The fact finder must still draw an inference to
arrive at the conclusion that differences in pay were motivated by racial- or
gender-based animus. ...

Because none of the plaintiffs' cited evidence if believed, compels a conclusion
that unlawful discrimination occurred, the evidence is not 'direct,' but only
may serve as a component of a circumstantial case. "

No Discriminatory Retaliation

"[T]here is ample, actual evidence in the record to support the contention that
the defendant entertained a legitimate concern that tension in the pediatrics
department jeopardized the smooth operation of that part of the hospital and the
cause was the plaintiff's prickly and volatile personality. ...

"The record evidence establishes at least that the concern over the plaintiff's
disruptive effect on her department's morale was not fictional on management's
part. That concern certainly is a valid ground upon which an employer can base
personnel choices. Of course, it does not establish the absence of a
discriminatory motive by the defendant. But it is the plaintiff's burden to come
forward with evidence beyond speculation and conjecture that creates a fact
issue of causation that can be submitted to a jury. She has not pointed to any
record evidence suggesting that her verbal complaint of racial and gender-based
discrimination caused her contract to not be renewed. At best, the evidence
indicates that she was difficult to work with and the defendant, correctly or
incorrectly, decided to end the relationship in order to, in its view, placate
and retain the other two pediatricians. "

Dyer v. Community Memorial Hospital. (Eastern District of Michigan) (Lawyers
Weekly No. 02-58441) (29 pages) (Lawson, J.).

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 13, 1994, Tuesday, Final Edition

Caught in a Blizzard of Snows

ANGUS PHILLIPS

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE C3; ANGUS PHILLIPS

LENGTH: 972 words


Canada geese have grown scarce enough in the fields around the upper Eastern
Shore that it's now affordable to lease hunting rights for waterfowl season.
Farms that once were gobbled up by outfitters for $ 10,000 a year have lost
commercial appeal and may go for one-tenth that.

But along with the diminished price come diminished prospects. Maryland, which
less than a decade ago billed itself as the Canada goose capital of the world,
is clinging to the last vestiges of old glory as more and more Canadas winter
further north, in Pennsylvania, New York and even New England.

As the Canada goose population has declined, numbers of smaller, wilier snow
geese have increased dramatically in some areas, offering a challenging
alternative to more energetic gunners.

"You won't believe the number of snow geese we have on this farm," said Andy
Hughes, my eager young hunting partner.

He'd already led two unsuccessful cracks at the hordes of snows he'd found
feeding on a farm he leases with a few friends on the upper shore for $ 1,000 a
year. Now he was having trouble lining up anyone to go. He couldn't do it alone,
since part of the deal with snow goose hunting is setting out a huge rig of
decoys. He neither has time, the energy nor the vehicle to transport and set 750
decoys alone before dawn.

Yet there we were in the cold dark at 4 a.m. last week, rampaging around the
corn stubble by the beam of the headlights, each with an immense bag of white
rags, scattering them like snowflakes in the night.

To call them decoys is a stretch. Hughes has been madly buying up oversized,
white plastic hankies that Texas hunters devised as a way to lure snows. The
geese travel in great flocks of thousands and the only way to attract them is
with a similarly huge stand of decoys. Using anything more sophisticated,
cumbersome or costly than rags is impractical.

We set as many as possible atop cut-off corn stalks so they'd flutter in the
breeze and scattered the rest on the ground. Then, with dawn breaking
spectacularly, we parked the Jeep out of sight and settled down to wait.

But not before putting on our pajamas and making our beds. There was no blind,
you see. We made ourselves inconspicuous by donning white, paper painters' suits
and lying down on camouflage mats in the middle of the decoys like two
overstuffed geese.

Thus dressed as Good Humor men, we took our places, toes-up, on the cold, damp
ground and watched the sky go from blue-black to blue-gray to fire-orange. Soon
the first flights of snows emerged over the Eastern horizon on their way into
feeding fields from overnight roosts in the Delaware marshes. They began as
specks that turned to waves, then great, wavering vees against the lightening
sky, bound straight for where we lay.

I reckoned the chances of our luring any of these massive formations down into a
pathetic smattering of rags on the ground with two menacing men lying in the
middle were about nil and settled in for an enjoyable morning of bird-watching.

Imagine my surprise when about the ten- thousandth goose to pass by on automatic
pilot at 500 feet went another quarter-mile, banked hard right and came straight
back at us, dragging along a few thousand of its pals.

It all happened so fast we had no time to prepare. One moment we were watching
geese fly by, the next we were in the eye of a white goose tornado, lying
motionless as an incredible, noisy swirl of wild birds circled lower and lower,
their gravelly honks and the whisper of wind over wings growing louder until it
seemed deafening, as did the pounding of our own hearts.

With 5,000 birds hovering 50 to 75 yards overhead and nothing to hide behind,
neither of us could twitch for fear of spooking the flock. I heard a "splat!"
and hissed at Andy through clenched teeth, "Don't move!"

"I didn't!" he hissed back reproachfully. "Damned bird just crapped on me!"

There's only so much of that a man can take. It wasn't long before the lowest
birds were in range and Andy and I were scrambling to our feet, guns blazing.

Well, gun blazing. Mine jammed, a victim of the cold and damp, I suspect, but
Andy got off both rounds from his double barrel and neatly dropped a handsome
goose. The other 4,999 went silent for a moment, rose as if weightless and spun
off to circle the next field, where they all landed.

Off and on the birds flew in wild profusion until about 10 a.m. We attracted one
more swirl and bagged one more bird. Andy, who had never been inside the goose
tornado before, was beside himself. "Unbelievable," he kept muttering.

It was about my fourth or fifth trip to snow goose heaven, but I'd never seen it
any better. It was particularly rewarding to do it by yourself, which is about
the only way to snow goose hunt in these parts any more. Some Maryland guides
gave snow-goosing a try as Canadas grew scarce, but most have long since given
up, the snows being notoriously unpredictable.

It took about an hour to pick up the rags. We were on the road home before the
winter sun hit its zenith. We'd had a full day, enjoyed the wilderness
experience of a lifetime, and it wasn't even noon yet. Time for bed!

While snow goose hunting is for the avid, snow goose watching can be enjoyed by
everyone, particularly this time of year when the birds are abundant, winds are
cool and the mosquitoes are gone from the marsh.

Snow geese roost nightly in public marshes in Delaware -- Prime Hook and Bombay
Hook National Wildlife Refuges. Both have record numbers of the splendid white
birds this year, and anyone with time to spare can enjoy the spectacle of hordes
of geese returning to their nightly roosts.

Both refuges are open from dawn to dark, seven days a week. Bombay Hook, east of
Route 9 near Leipsic, has better public facilities; Prime Hook near Milton has
more geese.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              541 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    January 15, 1978, Sunday, Final Edition

Humphrey Spirit Never Faltered;
Cancer Battle Never Diminished Humphrey's Spirit

BYLINE: By Victor Cohn, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: First Section; A1

LENGTH: 1228 words


One day last week doctors attending Hubert H. Humphrey got one of their first
signals that he was truly sinking.  He gave up talking on the telephone.

Until then - in a 10-year battle against bladder cancer - he had, in the almost
identical phrase of everyone close to him, "always bounced back."

"I'm Hubert Humphrey," he said, "and all those damn statistics don't mean
anything when it comes to me." He knew very well he might not win, but he
maintained, "That's the way you've got to feel."

Until last week.  Then, last Tuesday or Wednesday, those around him noticed that
he was no longer telephoning President Carter, Secretary of State Vance,
ex-Secretary Kissinger, "everybody."

The physically diminished Humphrey had finally lost his battle against cancer.
But as a human being, he was never diminished, say all those who surrounded him
in his last weeks.

"He was an unbelieveable man, in sickness and in health," said Dr. John
Najarian, the noted surgeon who cured for him during the final days at his
Minnesota lake home, in a room fitted out like a hospital.

"Every day, just until the last days," said Najarian, "be'd struggle to get
himself out of bed in the morning.  He'd say, 'Today I'm going to walk further
than I did yesterday.' He'd walk a little ways, then collapse.'"

"It was shocking to see him up close," said economist Walter Heller, who visited
him on Jan. 7.  "He was so emaciated.  But that wonderful Hubert Humphrey spirit
was still there."

He even joked.  "You can cut back on the funeral arrangements," he said an aide,
"because all the eulogies already have been delivered."

until the advancing cancer finally are into many vital organs, the Minnesota
senator and former Vice Prexident read, dictated, conducted some senatorial and
personal business, visited his family and staff and friends - and talked.

He talked much to his wife, Muriel, who has been under recent treatment on heart
disease and the pain of angina.

And he talked on the phone to Carter, Vance, Kissinger.  About the Middle East
(urging steady but "not aggressive" U.S. pressure to keep up to momentum toward
peace).  About blacks and education and jobs (urging the President to back the
Rev. Jesse Jackson's PUSH for Rxcellence program among young blacks).

About jobs and the economy.  He advised the President not to reappoint Arthur
Burns as Federal Reserve Board chairman because - though Humphrey personally
liked Burns - he was "always" sniping at Carter and his policies had neither
defeated inflation nor generated enough jobs.

He was the practical politican.  To Jesse Jackson, who visited on Jan. 7 to
voice thnaks for his support, he said, "You've got to get labor people behidn
you.  And get the religious people to move too.  Both labor and religion have
plenty of money.

"Mr. Humphrey may be dying," Jackson later commented, "but he knows how to get
things done."

An impressed Dr. Najarian told a friend in early January: "What stimulates him
most is talking to people.  That's where he lives.  This man thinks government.
This man thinks politics.

"Amazing as it was," said Najarian last week, "no matter how sick he was, he was
very seldom preoccupied with himself."

Constantly - as he promised violinist: Isaac Stern, an old friend and political
supporter, in mid-November - he vowed, "I'm not going to quit as fast as they
think I will."

BUt he was really no Pollyanna.  He also told Stern, "I won't be able to beat it
altogether."

He candidly told Robert Byrd, after the West Virginian beat hin for the Senate
majority leadership one year ago, "I don't know how much time I've got around
here."

Over the years he underwent several courses of chemotherapy with powerful
anti-cancer drugs that poisons not only the cancer but much of the body.  "I
feel I've been hit by a truck," he sometimes said, and he sometimes called it
"that damned chemotherapy!"

He wrote last summer, "The worst moment in my life was when I discovered I had
cancer." And "there are days when I get discouraged."

He wrote in Reader's Digest last August that "one time" - when X-ray treatments
caused bladder spasms in 1973 - "I was in such agony that I honestly wanted to
give it all up." He actually wished for death then, he told an old friend.

But Najarian said of his recent, far harder struggle, "I've never seen a man who
fought harder" until "he finally got so weak he had to give up."

Even then it was more a matter of his body giving up on him.

The body's battle took a decade.  It was in June, 1967, that some red blood
cells were first found in his urine.  The diagnosis was only a mild cystitis
but, as his then physician Dr. W. Dabney Jarman said later, that was really "the
begining."

A year later an examination showed what was then termed merely "dysplasis," an
abnormality of the bladder lining.  It was not until the early 1970s that most
doctors began calling the same condition "in situ carcincoma," or cancer cells
in a limited site, without spread.

There is still medical disagreement about whether to operate without delay.
Operating means removing the entire bladder and other structures, causing
impotence and requiring an artificial opening for urination.  Many surgeons
still hesitate to urge so radical a step prematurely.

In 1972, however, Humphrey's doctors began using anti-cancer chemicals.  In 1973
they treated a more "potentially cancerous" change with X-rays, after four
consultants recommended this course, three recommended no treatment at all and
two urged prompt surgery.

If he'd had the surgery," one doctor familiar with the case said last week, "I
think he'd still be alive.  BUt we can all look back on some cases and say what
we should have done."

After the consultants' vote, Humphrey himself made the final decision against
surgery.  "He always likes to put everything to a vote," his personal doctor
explained.

When all these details first became public in early 1976 and the potential
presidential candidate was peppered with reporters' questions, he once said with
some irritation: I'm a darn sight healthier than some of the reporters who keep
asking me about my health."

And, "I think what's most important about a person is what's in his head, not in
his bladder."

But in fall 1976 doctors found that the mere "potential" cancer of 1973 had now
become frank and unmistakable and invaded his bladder wall.

It had also reached his nearby lymph system, the chain of glands that help fight
infection but can also help spread cancer, When Dr. Willard Whitmore of Memorial
Sloan-Kettering Cancer Center, New York, removed Humphrey's bladder that October
and found that kind of spread, it meant statistically, he had only a one in five
chance of surviving five years.

Last August, University of Minnesota surgeons under Najarian found the cancer
had spread so massively it could no longer be removed at all.

The Minnesota senator was never fooled.  A day after that aborted operation, he
asked Najarian what the surgeon calls "the hard questions." He got the hard
answers.

In November and December at the National Institutes of Health in Bethesda, he
was hospitalized for more chemotherapy.  "It was a rare occasion when he was the
slightest depressed," said Dr. Vincent DaVita there.  "I always came away from
hin buoyed up.  And I'm supposed to be the one buoying up the patients."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, At home in Waverly Christmas Day, Hubert Humphrey holds a
grandchild's hand.  AP

                       Copyright 1978 The Washington Post


                              542 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           January 14, 2009 Wednesday

Ask the Expert: What's wrong with Korver?

BYLINE: By Steve Luhm The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: BASKETBALL; Sports; Utah Jazz

LENGTH: 608 words


Question: When Kyle Korver came to the Jazz last year, he shot lights-out and
helped them win. Now, his minutes have diminished and he has little freedom to
shoot those three-pointers. What happened? Did he get too much publicity? He is
an exciting player to watch. He is a team player and always cheers on his
teammates. Why isn't he playing more? The Jazz need his energy. It seems like he
gets passed over when the Jazz need a starter. His three-pointers electrify the
crowd. We want him to stay in Utah. Can't the Jazz find a way to use his talents
again?

--Joan

Answer: I disagree with some of your observations, which might be perceptions
but are not reality.

You say Korver's minutes have diminished, and they have, but only fractionally.
In his 50 games with the Jazz last season, he averaged 21.5 minutes. This
season, he averages 21.3 minutes. That's hardly a massive drop-off.

You say Korver has "little freedom" to shoot three-pointers. Actually, he
averaged 3.8 three-point attempts last season. He is averaging 2.6 three-point
attempts this season. But I think the drop in three-point attempts is more a
result of opponents focusing on Korver than any directive from coach Jerry Sloan
to stop taking three-point shots.

Remember, the Jazz have gone long stretches without injured stars Carlos Boozer
and Deron Williams. You can throw Memo Okur in there, too. Without those
players, it's much easier to defend Utah's other main options, including Korver
from the three-point line.

Another factor?

Korver has not said one word about it -- at least as far as I know -- but he's
been playing most of the season with a sore wrist, and I think that has slightly
impacted his shooting.

You also ask if Korver got too much publicity last season. It sounds like you
are suggesting Korver might have developed some kind of attitude problem. But I
can tell you from the year I've spent helping cover him, Korver is one of the
most down-to-earth, clear-thinking players in the NBA. Obviously he wants to
play and produce. But you said it yourself: He is a good teammate. I do not
believe he has an ego. I believe he wants to win basketball games.

As far as not starting when the Jazz have needed to shuffle their lineup because
of injuries, you can blame Sloan for that one.

When a starter is injured, Sloan's philosophy has always been to keep the
primary bench players in their established roles and let someone further down in
the rotation get a chance.

For example, when Boozer was hurt, a lot of coaches would have moved Andrei
Kirilenko into the starting lineup. But Sloan went with Paul Millsap and kept
Kirilenko in his role as Utah's extremely productive sixth man. That move has
paid huge dividends, for Kirilenko, Millsap and the Jazz.

This week, C.J. Miles missed two games because of a sprained ankle. Sloan could
have started Korver, but instead he went with Ronnie Price. Again, this allowed
Korver to continue to come off the bench and strengthen the Jazz's second unit.
It also allowed Price a chance to play some meaningful minutes, which
undoubtedly help his confidence and made him feel like his coaches haven't
forgotten him.

As far as Korver playing in Utah beyond this season, I think the Jazz want him
back and I know for a fact that he wants to be back because I asked him a couple
of weeks ago. He likes Salt Lake City, he likes his teammates, he likes the
organization and he likes Sloan's system.

In the wake of the December uproar Boozer caused by talking about opting out of
his contract at the end of the season, Korver didn't want to say too much about
his situation. But I think he's going to end up playing in Utah for a long time.

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Diminished Media Group

                                  P.O. Box 52
                              Pittsford,  MI 49271
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.diminishedmediagroup.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Diminished Media Group is a small press which publishes books, along with two
digital magazines - Digital Dragon Magazine and A Flame in the Dark.  Founded in
2009 by Randy Streu and T.W. Ambrose, the company is built around the desire for
more venues for family-friendly and faith-based fiction. hough Diminished Media
Group is built around the Christian faith of its founders and staff, it is our
sincere desire to provide well-written and entertaining stories, whether or not
they are specifically "Christian" in nature. We like the kind of stories you can
share with your family, friends, and neighbors and hope you do, too.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              544 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         South Carolina Lawyers Weekly

                                 March 31, 2003

Insurer Not Required To Pay 'Diminished Value' Damages, Rules S.C. Supreme Court

BYLINE: Gregory Froom

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 765  words


An Irmo man whose pick-up truck was repaired after a collision was not entitled
to additional "diminished value" benefits from his auto insurer, the Supreme
Court held March 24.

The ruling came in response to certified questions from the U.S. District Court.
The federal court asked the justices to rule on whether the man's policy could
be read to include coverage for the pick-up's decreased value due to the wreck
and subsequent repairs.

The policy did not provide diminished value coverage, the high court said. The
policy language required the insurer to pay only either the fair market value of
the vehicle, or the cost of repair or replacement.

Value was not an inherent component of the "repair or replace" option, which
meant the insurer was not liable for diminished value after the vehicle was
satisfactorily restored to its pre-accident condition, the Supreme Court said.

A 1959 case which allowed compensation for "a loss in actual value" did not
apply, the justices said, because it dealt with a broader policy and did not
adhere to contract interpretation principles.

The case is Schulmeyer v. State Farm Fire and Cas. Co. (South Carolina Lawyers
Weekly No. 010-045-03, 10 pages). Justice E.C. Burnett III wrote the opinion for
a unanimous court.

Facts

The plaintiff's vehicle was damaged in an accident. A State Farm adjuster
estimated the loss at $3,268, which the insurer paid, less the deductible.

The plaintiff admitted that his vehicle was fully and properly repaired, but he
claimed that State Farm should compensate him for the vehicle's diminished
value. He asserted that the vehicle was worth $1,000 less because it had been
wrecked. He sued to collect that amount.

In its certified question, the U.S. District Court asked whether the policy
required State Farm to "compensate an insured making a comprehensive or
collision claim for any diminution in market value where there is no dispute
that the vehicle was adequately restored to its pre-accident level of
performance, appearance and function. "

Holding

The plaintiff based his argument on the holding in the 1959 case of Campbell v.
Calvert Fire Ins. Co, 234 S.C. 583, 109 S.E.2d 572. The Campbell court ruled
that an insurer must pay the cost of repairs, and "if, despite such repairs,
there yet remains a loss in actual value, estimated as of the collision date,
the insured is entitled to compensation for such deficiency. "

That precedent did not apply, the Supreme Court said, because the State Farm
policy was narrower in scope than the one in Campbell.

According to the State Farm policy, "The limit of our liability for loss to
property or any part of it is the lower of: (1) the actual cash value; or (2)
the cost of repair or replacement. "

The Supreme Court also said that the Campbell court "failed to apply traditional
principles of contract interpretation in construing the insurance contract. "

Because the Campbell precedent was inapplicable, the high court looked to other
states for guidance.

The minority view, which allows recovery for diminution in value, was expressed
in the 2001 Georgia Supreme Court case of State Farm Mut. Auto. Ins. Co. v.
Mabry, 556 S.E.2d 114.

"The Georgia court relied on public policy exceptions inherent in Georgia
insurance contracts which are not applicable under South Carolina law," Justice
Burnett wrote. "Specifically, the Georgia court based its decision on the
understanding implicitly imported into each Georgia insurance contract that loss
due to physical damages encompasses both utility and value.

"No similar public policy applies to insurance contracts in this state," he
wrote.

The majority view denies coverage for diminished value. Those courts ground
their decisions in the rationale that the terms "repair" and "replace" are not
ambiguous when read in the context of the entire contract, the Supreme Court
said.

"The State Farm policy sub judice does not recognize value as inherent in the
concept of 'repair or replacement. '" Justice Burnett wrote. "The policy, read
as a whole, defines repair or replacement as restoring the vehicle to
pre-accident mechanical function and condition and not as restoring value.

"To read value into the repair clause would arbitrarily read out of the policy
the insurer's right to determine whether to repair the vehicle or pay for its
loss," he wrote.

The policy expressly limited coverage to the lesser of the vehicle's value, or
the cost or repair, the Supreme Court said. "These are alternatives, which do
not include an additional obligation to pay for diminished value when the cost
of repair is chosen," Justice Burnett wrote.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              545 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                               May 7, 2012 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

76ers Win, Nudging the Bulls Closer to an Unexpectedly Early Exit

BYLINE: By ANDY JASNER

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; GAME 4: SIXERS 89, BULLS 82; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 680 words


PHILADELPHIA -- Before the N.B.A. playoffs, the Chicago Bulls were championship
contenders, tied for the best record in the league.

Now they will be fortunate to get out of the first round.

In a flash, the Bulls' chances diminished when Derrick Rose crashed to the floor
in Game 1 against the Philadelphia 76ers with a torn ligament in his left knee.
Even without Rose, the Bulls were 18-9 during the regular season and might have
gotten through much of the Eastern Conference in the postseason.

Then center Joakim Noah sprained his ankle in Game 3 and was inactive for Game 4
on Sunday at Wells Fargo Center.

Playing without Rose, who won the Most Valuable Player award last season, and
Noah, their best rebounder and low-post defender, the top-seeded Bulls lost to
the eighth-seeded Philadelphia 76ers, 89-82, and fell behind by 3-1 in the
best-of-seven series.

Game 5 will be Tuesday night in Chicago. It is unclear if Noah will return in
this series.

''We have to find a way,'' Bulls Coach Tom Thibodeau said. ''At the end, it's
going to be hustle plays, tough plays, hard-nosed plays, second shots, multiple
effort, that's what it comes down to. You've got to make them.''

The eighth seed has defeated the top seed only four times in the N.B.A.,
including last season, when the Memphis Grizzlies beat the San Antonio Spurs.
Other No. 8 seeds to win were the Golden State Warriors against the Dallas
Mavericks in 2007, the Knicks against the Miami Heat in 1999, and the Denver
Nuggets against the Seattle SuperSonics in 1994.

Spencer Hawes had 22 points and Jrue Holiday added 20 for the 76ers, who scored
their final 7 points at the free-throw line to pull away.

The Bulls, once a team with championship aspirations, are not yet ready to step
on the golf course.

''We're going back to Chicago with the full intention of winning the next game
and sending the series back to Philadelphia,'' said Bulls guard Richard
Hamilton, who had 7 points and shot 3 for 9 from the field. ''I think at this
point, that's all you can do. You have to focus on the next game, and that's
Tuesday. We're not looking at the big picture. It's about winning one game for
now. That's the mind-set I think we all must have.''

The Bulls say they can perform at a higher level even though they are depleted.

''We're fighting, but we can do better,'' Thibodeau said. ''We can do a lot
better.''

How?

''Execution,'' guard Kyle Korver said. ''I think we got a number of good shots
and then we had some empty possessions. In the playoffs, you have to stay as
consistent as possible. Obviously, our margin for error has diminished with Rose
out and Joakim getting hurt.''

Korver said the Bulls needed to run their offense effectively, minimize
turnovers and use their defense to create offense.

''I think we have a group in this locker room that's going to give every ounce
of energy they have,'' he said.

The Bulls understand the difficulty of their situation.

''Our backs are against the wall and we just have to come out and compete and
play our best game of the series,'' said Bulls forward Carlos Boozer, who had 23
points and 11 rebounds.

LAKERS 92, NUGGETS 88 Steve Blake made a clinching 3-pointer with 18.9 seconds
to go for visiting Los Angeles, giving the Lakers a 3-1 lead in the first-round
series. Kobe Bryant had 22 points for Los Angeles. The former Knick Danilo
Gallinari led Denver with 20 points. (NYT)

CELTICS 101, HAWKS 79 Paul Pierce scored 24 points in 18 minutes and host Boston
opened a 37-point lead in the third quarter to take a 3-1 lead in the
best-of-seven series. The Celtics can finish off the Hawks with a win in Atlanta
on Tuesday. Game 6 would be in Boston on Thursday, if necessary.

Two nights after his triple-double helped turn back the Hawks in overtime in
Game 3, Rajon Rondo had 20 points and 16 assists as the Celtics got some
much-needed rest for their aging roster.

Josh Smith returned after missing Friday's game with a knee injury and had 15
points and 13 rebounds for Atlanta. Al Horford (torn pectoral muscle), who
played for the first time in almost four months, scored 12 points. (AP)

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Spencer Hawes after making a 3-pointer. The 76ers lead their
series with the Bulls, 3-1. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL PEREZ/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              546 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITIONS

Layoffs target 60 in Webster;
Cranston cites Asian market

BYLINE: John Dignam, Telegram & Gazette Staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 390 words

DATELINE: WEBSTER


Cranston Print Works Co. will eliminate 60 jobs in its manufacturing operation
over the next four months because of diminished demand and increased competition
from the Asian textile market.

The layoffs, about 30 percent of the total Webster work force, are part of a
major restructuring of the company's textile group, which is located here, in
New York City and in Cranston, R.I.

That restructuring began in the summer of 2005 and will be completed next April.

Severance-benefits packages will be given to employees laid off who are eligible
for Trade Readjustment Assistance benefits, including training, income support,
job search and relocation allowances.

A little more than 200 people work at the facility here, Cranston Print Works
Executive Vice President Jodi Beckett said yesterday. That figure includes
marketing, engraving and key sales personnel who were relocated here this summer
as part of the restructuring.

Cranston Print Works Co. includes Cranston, the textile division, and chemical
and transportation divisions, according to Ms. Beckett.

The company dates to 1824 and is the oldest print works in the world.

"It continues to be very difficult to maintain our competitiveness because of
severe price pressures from the Asian textile market," Cranston President Andrew
F. Sylvia said in a press release yesterday announcing the layoffs.

"The amount of retail square footage dedicated to fabric-by-the-yard has been
reduced, the buying patterns of our major customers continue to change, and
because of ease of entry into our marketplace, there are simply too many
suppliers," he said.

"All these factors have led to reduced demand for our product lines, making it
necessary to reduce our manufacturing output," he said.

Cranston Print Works has developed strategic relationships with Korean design
studios, engraving operations and print plants, according to Mr. Sylvia.

"Development of these key relationships were necessary for us to maintain a
global presence and reduce costs in this highly competitive market," Mr. Sylvia
said in the release.

Although the manufacturing capacity of the company will be diminished, local
manufacturing still is important because it allows the company "to be highly
flexible, provide shorter lead times and maintain quality that is synonymous
with Cranston," according to Mr. Sylvia in the release.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            October 6, 2016 Thursday

Pence's debate bounce

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 417 words


Running mates don't determine who the next president will be, but Tuesday
night's debate between Democrat Tim Kaine and Republican Mike Pence showed they
can halt and perhaps swing the momentum.

And that's what Pence, the Indiana governor and Donald Trump's right-hand man,
accomplished in his face-off with Hillary Clinton surrogate Kaine, the U.S.
senator from Virginia.

Pence, after Trump's uneven performance against Clinton in their first debate,
his insistence on keeping the Miss Universe controversy alive, and the continued
questions about his tax liabilities, had a far more difficult assignment than
Kaine.

Unlike Trump, Pence showed himself to be a seasoned, reasoned politician. He
managed to parry most of Kaine's attacks by continually turning the conversation
back to this country's failed foreign policy and diminished world standing under
the Obama administration, in which Clinton served as secretary of state.

True, Kaine certainly didn't help himself with his poor man's imitation of Vice
President Joe Biden in his 2012 debate with Paul Ryan. His shrill, interrupting,
abrasive performance backfired, and served only to show the distinct differences
in temperament between the two VP candidates.

Style often trumps substance in these one-on-one events, but Pence managed to
accomplish a command of both.

Remember, one of these two will be just a heartbeat away from the presidency,
and voters should ask themselves who they'd rather see in that position.

Pushing the wrong buttons

The most obvious example of America's diminished clout can be seen in Syria,
where all of our diplomatic efforts have failed to sustain a cease-fire, and has
further soured relations with Russia.

The Obama administration has suspended direct talks with Vladimir Putin's
government, which it now believes seeks at best a military solution or at least
greater bargaining power for the President Bashar Assad's regime in this tragic
civil war, which has created a refugee crisis and thousands of civilian deaths.

Russia in turn tabled a plutonium-disposal agreement with Washington.

It seems the more influence Russia exerts by flexing its military muscle -- in
Syria, Crimea and Ukraine -- the less it's inclined to work cooperatively with
the U.S. in seeking peaceful solutions to international crises.

This backsliding into a Cold War atmosphere likely won't change for the
remainder of this president's lame-duck term.

But the next commander in chief will need more than a reset button to right this
relationship.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             coventrytelegraph.net

                    November 27, 2013 Wednesday 11:53 AM GMT

Jury in Coventry businessman Anxiang Du quadruple murder trial resume its
deliberations;
Prosecutors allege that Du - of Daimler Green - 'massacred' family in revenge
for losing a ten-year legal battle

BYLINE: By Sam Dimmer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 234 words


The jury in the trial of a Coventry businessman who is accused of murdering a
family of four in their home has resumed its deliberations today.

Anxiang Du, 54, denies murdering Jifeng "Jeff" Ding, his wife, Ge "Helen" Chui,
and daughters, Xing "Nancy", 18, and Alice, 12, at their home in Wootton,
Northamptonshire, on April 29 2011.

Prosecutors allege that Du - of Daimler Green - travelled to the Dings' home
armed with a kitchen knife and "massacred" the family in revenge for losing a
ten-year legal battle, which had left him owing £88,000 in court costs.

Barristers for Du, who elected not to give evidence in his trial at Northampton
Crown Court, claim it was manslaughter due to loss of control or diminished
responsibility.

During the trial, the jury of eight women and four men heard that Manchester
Metropolitan University lecturer Mr Ding was stabbed 23 times, Mrs Ding 13
times, Nancy had 11 stab wounds, and Alice had four.

The day after the killings, Du fled the country and remained on the run until
his arrest in Tangier, Morocco, last July.

He was extradited back to the UK in February this year to face four charges of
murder.

Judge Mr Justice Flaux has directed the jury to consider each charge of murder
separately.

He said: "In the event that the verdict you come to is manslaughter, could you
indicate whether it is manslaughter by virtue of diminished responsibility or by
loss of control."

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBET


                         Copyright 2013 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             October 3, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

PUBLIC STAGE

BYLINE: JOHN VAUGHAN and LIISA HYVARINEN, jvaughan@tampatrib.com and lhyva

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 706 words


PUBLIC STAGE

By JOHN VAUGHAN and LIISA HYVARINEN

jvaughan@tampatrib.com and lhyvarinen@wfla.com

-----------------------------------------------

CLARIFICATION - Scott Barnhart retains the title of campaign manager for Mel
Martinez's U.S. Senate bid, though he no longer has an office at headquarters
and is not in charge of day-to-day operations. The Public Stage column in
Sunday's Metro section referred to a Palm Beach Post report that said he had
been fired. The campaign objected to that word, and the Post published a
clarification pointing out his diminished duties. (10/06/04)

-----------------------------------------------

In Final Laps, Senate Race Hits High Gear

Heading into the final month of their fight for U.S. Senate, Democrat Betty
Castor and Republican Mel Martinez are, shall we say, "fully engaged" with each
other.

The candidates have spent much of the past two weeks trading fire over
terrorism, specifically involving Castor's handling of a professor accused of
financing terror while she was president of the University of South Florida in
the 1990s.

Whether Martinez has been "fully engaged" with his own staff isn't as clear.

The Tampa Tribune reported Wednesday that even some Republicans had begun to
wonder about the advice and direction the candidate has received in recent
weeks. Martinez took heat statewide for his late attacks against primary rival
Bill McCollum, then got caught up in a prolonged back-and-forth about debates
with Castor, then had to deny any direct responsibility for a retracted news
release that calls federal agents "armed thugs."

The Palm Beach Post reported Saturday that the result is a campaign staff
shake-up.

Martinez has diminished the duties of campaign manager Scott Barnhart, and Trey
Evers, previously an informal adviser, has taken over as a day-to-day
consultant, the Post reported. Martinez also has begun to insist on approving
television ads and mailings before they emerge.

The campaign also is adding staff. Frances Marine, spokeswoman for the state
Department of Education, resigned in Tallahassee on Friday and was said to be
joining Martinez.

The Al-Arian Issue

Martinez appeared in Tampa on Saturday with Bill Frist, the Senate Republican
leader from Tennessee, to campaign on the issue of affordable health insurance,
particularly for small businesses.

Their local host was Jackie Garvin, owner of Lloyd Staffing in Tampa, who spoke
about her difficulties finding affordable insurance and her confidence that
Martinez "will work in the Senate to find practical solutions."

Questions from the media, however, returned to the subject of terrorism and
Castor, in light of dueling ads the candidates have aired disputing whether
Castor responded strongly enough by suspending, not firing, suspected terrorist
Sami Al-Arian.

Martinez was asked about two newspaper reports Sept. 22 in which Martinez said
he would have fired Al-Arian and a Sept. 24 Tribune interview in which he said
he wasn't sure what he would have done in her position.

"The actual answer is I wasn't the president of the University of South
Florida," he said. "I know for a fact I would have done far more than was done.

"The bottom line on all of this is: Was there an adequate response out of Ms.
Castor? Did she exercise the kind of leadership that would be expected? And I
think the answer to that is no."

Critical Of Ad

Castor spokesman Dan McLaughlin offered this in response via e-mail Saturday,
complaining about the Martinez TV ad featuring former federal agent Bill West
criticizing Castor for allowing "a dangerous situation to get worse" at USF:

"Martinez's ad with West names Ramadan Abdullah Shallah as part of the Islamic
Jihad at USF when Castor was president. But West himself testified in 2000 that
he investigated Shallah and found no evidence that Shallah was involved with
terrorism while in the United States."

Shallah ended up assuming leadership of the Palestinian Islamic Jihad.

"If federal agents had no evidence of Shallah and Jihad -- neither did Betty
Castor!" McLaughlin concluded. "To now contend otherwise in a politically
motivated ad smearing Castor is patent demagoguery."

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              550 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: As Republicans' Unprecedented Obstruction Continues, A Diminished
Supreme Court Begins Its New Term With Only Eight Justices

LENGTH: 1516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Whington: Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy has issued the following news
release:



 The Supreme Court begins hearing oral arguments today without a crucial ninth
justice, marking the second consecutive term that the Court has been diminished
due to Republicans' refusal to fill the vacancy that has been open since
February.





 Republicans' unprecedented obstruction of Chief Judge Merrick Garland's
nomination has created uncertainty in the law, which has been harmful to
businesses, law enforcement, and to families and children across the country. On
Monday, the justices declined to rehear an important immigration case that
affects millions of families throughout the country who have remained in legal
uncertainty since June when the Court deadlocked because it lacked a critical
ninth vote.



 "Despite what the Republican Leader has said, there is absolutely no reason to
be proud that the Supreme Court is now, for a second term, diminished," Senate
Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) said. "A Supreme Court
of only eight justices is unacceptable and Americans deserve better. Americans
should not accept a Senate that has done almost nothing to address the vacancy
crisis in courts throughout our country."



 He added: "Senate Republicans should be working across the aisle to ensure that
our independent federal judiciary can function. Instead, Republicans have
refused to do their jobs and they have left town, avoiding their
responsibilities to the American people and the independent judiciary that
serves them."



 The New York Times wrote on Monday that the Republicans' refusal to take up
Garland's nomination and deny the Supreme Court the ability to fully function
"is inflicting damage on the court and the country." Last term, the Supreme
Court was unable to issue a final decision on the merits in a total of seven
cases. This term, the Court will hear important cases on voting rights, racial
discrimination in housing, and even the fees Americans pay at the ATM. Several
other issues that impact the lives of millions of Americans are also likely to
come before the Court, including environmental protection and women's health.

 What's At Stake: The Diminished Supreme Court

 Enters a New Term



 Racial Discrimination in Housing



 Last year, in Texas Dept. of Housing and Community Affairs v. The Inclusive
Communities Project, Inc., a narrow majority of the Supreme Court held that
disparate-impact claims are cognizable under the federal Fair Housing Act (FHA).
Those who have long set their sights on cutting down on the Fair Housing Act,
however, have not given up, and are now setting their sights on restricting who
can bring suit under that law.



 In this Term, the Court will look at two cases regarding the Fair Housing Act,
which the Court has consolidated for briefing and argument as (Wells Fargo v.
City of Miami). Both cases were brought by the City of Miami against Bank of
America and Wells Fargo for alleged reverse redlining practices that caused
foreclosures predominantly in neighborhoods of color. In both cases, the banks
are attempting to narrow standing under the Fair Housing Act by arguing for a
standard that is higher than what is required under Article III of the
Constitution. The banks are also challenging the ability of cities to bring FHA
claims based on the injuries they suffered resulting from the banks'
discriminatory practices, arguing that only borrowers who received toxic loans
can seek relief. The argument date is set for November 8, 2016.



 Environmental Protection



 A challenge to the Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan (CPP) to
reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions is set for argument before the D.C.
Circuit Court of Appeals onSeptember 27, 2016. Public health advocates and
environmental groups support the CPP as a critical undertaking in slowing the
harmful effects of global warming and decreasing the negative health impacts of
conventional energy generation pollution. Whatever the outcome in the D.C.
Circuit, the case is likely to be appealed to the Supreme Court.



 Women's Reproductive Health



 This summer, the Court could not come to a final decision on the merits in a
case involving women employees' access to birth control as part of their health
insurance through their jobs. In the case, Zubik v. Burwell,
religiously-affiliated non-profit employers challenged the Obama
administration's administrative accommodation allowing them not to comply with
the contraception mandate under the Affordable Care Act (ACA) as a violation of
their religious rights. The Court sent the case back to the lower courts. After
this further consideration in the lower courts, the issue is likely to come back
before the Supreme Court; without a full complement of justices, the Court will
be likely to be unable to resolve it again.



 Immigration



 This summer, the eight justices deadlocked in a crucially important case
challenging the Obama administration's executive action on immigration. As a
result, the deferred action policies announced by the President in 2014 that
would focus enforcement resources on dangerous criminals, grow our economy, and
provide certainty to immigrant families across the country, have been halted.
These efforts would have brought as many as 5 million people out of the shadows,
and helped immigrant families, many of which include U.S. citizen children, live
productive lives free of fear. The Department of Justice has filed a petition
asking the Court to rehear the case; the petition is still pending, but could be
taken up by the Court this term.



 In addition, the issue of immigration is back before the Supreme Court in a
case that raises questions about the scope of noncitizens' due process rights
(Jennings v. Rodriguez). The Court has been asked to decide whether the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals was correct in deciding that detaining noncitizens
longer than six months is constitutionally problematic and that those detainees
must be afforded the type of bond hearings allowed under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (INA) every six months.



 Death Penalty



 This term, the eight justices will hear two cases involving the death penalty -
cases that are a matter of life and death. In one, they are faced with the
question of how to determine when a person is too mentally disabled to receive
the death penalty (Moore v. Texas). At issue is the State of Texas' use of a
medical definition for mental disability that the medical community considers to
be outdated. The Court will decide whether Texas can continue to use this
outdated definition.



 In the second, a death row inmate, Duane Buck, is appealing his death sentence
based on ineffective assistance from his attorney who called an expert witness
at trial who testified that Buck was more likely to be dangerous in the future
because he is black (Buck v. Davis). After his conviction, Senator John Cornyn
(R-Texas), who was then the Texas Attorney General, conceded in a different case
that the government should not use experts who testify about race as a factor of
future dangerousness. Despite the fact that Buck is appealing his sentence based
on this discredited "expert" evidence, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals denied
him any relief. Buck's appeal - and life - are now before the eight justices.



 Money in Politics



 In 2010, a narrow majority of five Republican-appointed Supreme Court justices
reversed decades of precedent and a century of practice when it issued Citizens
United v. FEC, and held that corporations can spend without limit to influence
elections. Since then, the same narrow majority on the Roberts Court has
repeatedly struck down commonsense campaign finance regulations. The future of
these regulations hangs in the balance.



 The next significant campaign finance case that will likely come before the
Court is Republican Party of Louisiana v. FEC, in which the constitutionality of
"soft money" bans will be at issue. Soft money refers to the unlimited funds
that corporations, wealthy individuals, and unions could give to political
parties. McCain-Feingold had imposed a ban on political parties raising "soft
money," but with much of McCain-Feingold having been struck down by the narrow
majority of the Roberts Court, the "soft money" ban has become the next target
for conservative attorney James Bopp, who also litigated Citizens United and
other related campaign finance cases. An incomplete Supreme Court is unlikely to
be able to resolve cases like Republican Party of Louisiana and others that may
come down the line.



 Consumer Protection



 The Court will hear two cases together (Visa v. Osborn and Visa v. Stoumbos) in
which consumers seek to use federal antitrust law to hold accountable major
credit card companies (Visa and Mastercard) and affiliated banks for an alleged
conspiracy to keep ATM fees high. The outcome in the cases will have a real
world impact on the pocketbooks of hard working families across the country.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              551 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 4, 2016 Tuesday

Washington: As Republicans' Unprecedented Obstruction Continues, A Diminished
Supreme Court Begins Its New Term With Only Eight Justices

LENGTH: 1516  words

DATELINE: New York



 Whington: Office of the Senator Patrick Leahy has issued the following news
release:



 The Supreme Court begins hearing oral arguments today without a crucial ninth
justice, marking the second consecutive term that the Court has been diminished
due to Republicans' refusal to fill the vacancy that has been open since
February.





 Republicans' unprecedented obstruction of Chief Judge Merrick Garland's
nomination has created uncertainty in the law, which has been harmful to
businesses, law enforcement, and to families and children across the country. On
Monday, the justices declined to rehear an important immigration case that
affects millions of families throughout the country who have remained in legal
uncertainty since June when the Court deadlocked because it lacked a critical
ninth vote.



 "Despite what the Republican Leader has said, there is absolutely no reason to
be proud that the Supreme Court is now, for a second term, diminished," Senate
Judiciary Committee Ranking Member Patrick Leahy (D-Vt.) said. "A Supreme Court
of only eight justices is unacceptable and Americans deserve better. Americans
should not accept a Senate that has done almost nothing to address the vacancy
crisis in courts throughout our country."



 He added: "Senate Republicans should be working across the aisle to ensure that
our independent federal judiciary can function. Instead, Republicans have
refused to do their jobs and they have left town, avoiding their
responsibilities to the American people and the independent judiciary that
serves them."



 The New York Times wrote on Monday that the Republicans' refusal to take up
Garland's nomination and deny the Supreme Court the ability to fully function
"is inflicting damage on the court and the country." Last term, the Supreme
Court was unable to issue a final decision on the merits in a total of seven
cases. This term, the Court will hear important cases on voting rights, racial
discrimination in housing, and even the fees Americans pay at the ATM. Several
other issues that impact the lives of millions of Americans are also likely to
come before the Court, including environmental protection and women's health.

 What's At Stake: The Diminished Supreme Court

 Enters a New Term



 Racial Discrimination in Housing



 Last year, in Texas Dept. of Housing and Community Affairs v. The Inclusive
Communities Project, Inc., a narrow majority of the Supreme Court held that
disparate-impact claims are cognizable under the federal Fair Housing Act (FHA).
Those who have long set their sights on cutting down on the Fair Housing Act,
however, have not given up, and are now setting their sights on restricting who
can bring suit under that law.



 In this Term, the Court will look at two cases regarding the Fair Housing Act,
which the Court has consolidated for briefing and argument as (Wells Fargo v.
City of Miami). Both cases were brought by the City of Miami against Bank of
America and Wells Fargo for alleged reverse redlining practices that caused
foreclosures predominantly in neighborhoods of color. In both cases, the banks
are attempting to narrow standing under the Fair Housing Act by arguing for a
standard that is higher than what is required under Article III of the
Constitution. The banks are also challenging the ability of cities to bring FHA
claims based on the injuries they suffered resulting from the banks'
discriminatory practices, arguing that only borrowers who received toxic loans
can seek relief. The argument date is set for November 8, 2016.



 Environmental Protection



 A challenge to the Environmental Protection Agency's Clean Power Plan (CPP) to
reduce harmful greenhouse gas emissions is set for argument before the D.C.
Circuit Court of Appeals onSeptember 27, 2016. Public health advocates and
environmental groups support the CPP as a critical undertaking in slowing the
harmful effects of global warming and decreasing the negative health impacts of
conventional energy generation pollution. Whatever the outcome in the D.C.
Circuit, the case is likely to be appealed to the Supreme Court.



 Women's Reproductive Health



 This summer, the Court could not come to a final decision on the merits in a
case involving women employees' access to birth control as part of their health
insurance through their jobs. In the case, Zubik v. Burwell,
religiously-affiliated non-profit employers challenged the Obama
administration's administrative accommodation allowing them not to comply with
the contraception mandate under the Affordable Care Act (ACA) as a violation of
their religious rights. The Court sent the case back to the lower courts. After
this further consideration in the lower courts, the issue is likely to come back
before the Supreme Court; without a full complement of justices, the Court will
be likely to be unable to resolve it again.



 Immigration



 This summer, the eight justices deadlocked in a crucially important case
challenging the Obama administration's executive action on immigration. As a
result, the deferred action policies announced by the President in 2014 that
would focus enforcement resources on dangerous criminals, grow our economy, and
provide certainty to immigrant families across the country, have been halted.
These efforts would have brought as many as 5 million people out of the shadows,
and helped immigrant families, many of which include U.S. citizen children, live
productive lives free of fear. The Department of Justice has filed a petition
asking the Court to rehear the case; the petition is still pending, but could be
taken up by the Court this term.



 In addition, the issue of immigration is back before the Supreme Court in a
case that raises questions about the scope of noncitizens' due process rights
(Jennings v. Rodriguez). The Court has been asked to decide whether the Ninth
Circuit Court of Appeals was correct in deciding that detaining noncitizens
longer than six months is constitutionally problematic and that those detainees
must be afforded the type of bond hearings allowed under the Immigration and
Nationality Act (INA) every six months.



 Death Penalty



 This term, the eight justices will hear two cases involving the death penalty -
cases that are a matter of life and death. In one, they are faced with the
question of how to determine when a person is too mentally disabled to receive
the death penalty (Moore v. Texas). At issue is the State of Texas' use of a
medical definition for mental disability that the medical community considers to
be outdated. The Court will decide whether Texas can continue to use this
outdated definition.



 In the second, a death row inmate, Duane Buck, is appealing his death sentence
based on ineffective assistance from his attorney who called an expert witness
at trial who testified that Buck was more likely to be dangerous in the future
because he is black (Buck v. Davis). After his conviction, Senator John Cornyn
(R-Texas), who was then the Texas Attorney General, conceded in a different case
that the government should not use experts who testify about race as a factor of
future dangerousness. Despite the fact that Buck is appealing his sentence based
on this discredited "expert" evidence, the Fifth Circuit Court of Appeals denied
him any relief. Buck's appeal - and life - are now before the eight justices.



 Money in Politics



 In 2010, a narrow majority of five Republican-appointed Supreme Court justices
reversed decades of precedent and a century of practice when it issued Citizens
United v. FEC, and held that corporations can spend without limit to influence
elections. Since then, the same narrow majority on the Roberts Court has
repeatedly struck down commonsense campaign finance regulations. The future of
these regulations hangs in the balance.



 The next significant campaign finance case that will likely come before the
Court is Republican Party of Louisiana v. FEC, in which the constitutionality of
"soft money" bans will be at issue. Soft money refers to the unlimited funds
that corporations, wealthy individuals, and unions could give to political
parties. McCain-Feingold had imposed a ban on political parties raising "soft
money," but with much of McCain-Feingold having been struck down by the narrow
majority of the Roberts Court, the "soft money" ban has become the next target
for conservative attorney James Bopp, who also litigated Citizens United and
other related campaign finance cases. An incomplete Supreme Court is unlikely to
be able to resolve cases like Republican Party of Louisiana and others that may
come down the line.



 Consumer Protection



 The Court will hear two cases together (Visa v. Osborn and Visa v. Stoumbos) in
which consumers seek to use federal antitrust law to hold accountable major
credit card companies (Visa and Mastercard) and affiliated banks for an alleged
conspiracy to keep ATM fees high. The outcome in the cases will have a real
world impact on the pocketbooks of hard working families across the country.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 28, 2017 Tuesday

Regulatory update: Arkansas Public Service Commission; Oklahoma Gas and Electric
Company , has submitted ( 16-052-U ) 148 . Rebuttal Testimony of Scott Forbes
filed on behalf of Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company. Ks

LENGTH: 1351  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: Arkansas Public Service Commission has issued the following
document:



 1

 BEFORE THE ARKANSAS PUBLIC SERVICE COMMISSION

 IN THE MATTER OF THE APPLICATION OF )

 OKLAHOMA GAS AND ELECTRIC COMPANY )

 FOR APPROVAL OF A GENERAL CHANGE IN ) DOCKET NO. 16-052-U

 RATES, CHARGES AND TARIFFS )



 Rebuttal Testimony

 of

 Scott Forbes

 on behalf of

 Oklahoma Gas and Electric Company

 APSC FILED Time: 2/28/2017 11:35:48 AM: Recvd 2/28/2017 11:32:53 AM: Docket
16-052-U-Doc. 148

 2

 Scott Forbes

 Rebuttal Testimony

 I. INTRODUCTION 1

 Q. Please state your name and business address. 2

 A. My name is Scott Forbes. My business address is 321 North Harvey Avenue,
Oklahoma 3 City, Oklahoma 73101. 4

 5

 Q. Are you the same Scott Forbes who filed Direct Testimony in this Docket? 6

 A. Yes. 7

 8

 Q. What is the purpose of your Rebuttal Testimony? 9

 A. The purpose of my testimony is to respond to certain witnesses' testimony
regarding 10 diminished contribution by Enable for corporate costs, depreciation
regarding Horseshoe 11 Lake Unit 6, and Allowance for Funds Used During
Construction ("AFUDC") amounts 12 related to retail transmission projects. 13

 14

 II. ENABLE ALLOCATIONS 15

 Q. Have you reviewed the testimony of Troy Eggleton on behalf of APSC staff 16
regarding the issue of reimbursement by enable for the costs of
previously-shared 17 administrative services? 18

 A. Yes. Mr. Eggleton agrees with the Company that an adjustment is appropriate
to 19 recognize the increased costs to the Company related to the diminished
allocation of costs 20 being reimbursed by Enable. Mr. Eggleton recommends an
adjustment of $4,643,005 as 21 opposed to the Company's adjustment of
$4,729,862. Mr. Eggleton's adjustment is 22 based on actual test year and
updated information. 23

 24

 Q. Do you agree with Mr. Eggleton's position regarding this issue or his
adjustment? 25

 A. Yes. 26

 APSC FILED Time: 2/28/2017 11:35:48 AM: Recvd 2/28/2017 11:32:53 AM: Docket
16-052-U-Doc. 148

 3

 Q. Have you reviewed the testimony of Mark E. Garrett on behalf of ARVEC 1
regarding the Enable allocation issue? 2

 A. Yes. Unlike, Mr. Eggleton, Mr. Garrett believes the Company's adjustment
that accounts 3 for the diminished contribution by Enable represents an
unreasonable amount. Mr. 4 Garrett recommends an adjustment of $3,737,862. 5

 6

 Q. Do you agree with Mr. Garrett's assertions? 7

 A. No, I do not. First, I disagree with Mr. Garrett's characterization that OGE
Energy 8 Corporation is sloughing off excess costs onto OG&E. Administrative
costs such as 9 auditing, accounting, finance, treasury, human resources, risk,
information technology, 10 and supply chain services are necessary and integral
to the operations of a publicly-traded 11 company such as OG&E and are
appropriately allocated costs. Second, Mr. Garrett has 12 failed to provide
specific evidence that OGE Energy is operating in an imprudent manner 13 with
respect to the provision of administrative services. Specifically, there are no
excess 14 costs to reduce or eliminate as the remaining allocations are related
to fixed information 15 technology and related infrastructure costs which cannot
be eliminated as OG&E relies 16 on that technology and infrastructure. 17

 18

 Q. Do you believe that Mr. Garrett's position is fair and reasonable? 19

 A. No. It is inappropriate and unfair to deny the Company recovery of necessary
20 administrative costs simply because OGE Energy has provided a benefit to
customers for 21 the last thirty years by offsetting a portion of fixed
administrative costs, but is unable to 22 continue to do so. 23

 24

 III. HORSESHOE LAKE UNIT 6 LAND DEPRECIATION 25

 Q. Have you reviewed the testimony of Gerrilynn Wolfe on behalf of APSC staff
26 regarding accumulated depreciation and over-accrued accounts? 27

 A. Yes. In her testimony, Ms. Wolfe identifies seven depreciable plant accounts
that she 28 claims are fully-reserved or over-accrued. Ms. Wolfe states that
regarding these 29 accounts, "the accumulated depreciation amount is greater
than or equal to the gross 30

 APSC FILED Time: 2/28/2017 11:35:48 AM: Recvd 2/28/2017 11:32:53 AM: Docket
16-052-U-Doc. 148

 4

 plant-in-service amount minus the allowance for interim net salvage."

 1 Her position is 1 that "[f]or ratemaking purposes, depreciation expense
should not be calculated on any 2 account with a reserve ratio equal to or
exceeding 100%, unless the account has a 3 negative salvage value."2 4

 5

 Q. Do you have comments regarding the accounts included in witness Wolfe's
"Table 6 2"? 7

 A. Yes. With regard to Line 1, Account 310.200, Horseshoe Lake Unit 6, "Plant
in Service" 8 is listed as $28,509 with an "Accumulated Depreciation" of
$1,131,245, yielding a 9 "Reserve Ratio" of 3968%, I do not believe this
information is correct. 10

 11

 Q. What information should be included in "Table 2" to correctly reflect
account 12 310.200, Horseshoe Lake Unit 6? 13

 A. The correct amount of Accumulated Depreciation associated with the Horseshoe
Lake 14 Unit 6 - Land Rights is $24,779, not $1,131,245. 15

 16

 Q. What adjustments should be made as a result of this error? 17

 A. To the extent that OG&E Accumulated Depreciation was overstated by the
$1,106,466, 18 ($24,779 minus $1,131,245), the Accumulated Depreciation should
be reduced. 19

 20

 IV. RETAIL AFUDC ON TRANSMISSION PROJECTS 21

 Q. Do you have any comments regarding Staff witness Taylor's Direct Testimony
22 adjustments? 23

 A. Yes, on line 12 of page 5, of Mr. Taylor's Direct Testimony, he recommended
removal of 24 $11,483,165 from the Working Capital Asset related to plant
projects that are not in 25 service. Of that amount, $7,531,483 is associated
with Retail AFUDC on Transmission 26 Projects. 27

 1 Direct Testimony of Gerrilynn Wolfe, pg. 18, lns. 12-14

 2 Ibid. pg. 18 ln. 14-pg. 19, ln. 2.

 APSC FILED Time: 2/28/2017 11:35:48 AM: Recvd 2/28/2017 11:32:53 AM: Docket
16-052-U-Doc. 148

 5

 Q. What is the origin of Retail AFUDC on Transmission Projects? 1

 A. In 2007, the Southwest Power Pool notified OG&E to construct several new 345
kV 2 transmission lines. In October 2010, OG&E requested the Federal Energy
Regulatory 3 Commission ("FERC") to approve recovery of the transmission lines
with Construction 4 Work in Progress ("CWIP") in rate base, for eight projects
that would add approximately 5 555 miles of new 345 kV transmission lines to
OG&E's system. On April 19, 2011, the 6 FERC granted the recovery of CWIP in
rate base for those transmission projects. 7

 8

 Q. Why did OG&E account for the Retail AFUDC on Transmission Projects as a 9
regulatory asset, and not in construction work in progress/plant in service? 10

 A. Under the FERC's regulations, an applicant is required to propose accounting
procedures 11 that ensure that customers will not be charged both capitalized
AFUDC and 12 corresponding amounts of CWIP in rate base. To satisfy that
requirement, OG&E agreed 13 with the FERC staff, that it would not accrue AFUDC
in Account 107, Construction 14 Work in Progress. OG&E also agreed with the FERC
staff, that it would record the 15 AFUDC for its retail jurisdictions on
transmission projects that the FERC allowed CWIP 16 recovery in rate base as a
regulatory asset, and record such amount in FERC Account 17 182.3. OG&E also
agreed to amortize the regulatory asset over the depreciable life of the 18
transmission projects.3 19

 20

 Q. Are the Transmission Projects associated with the Retail AFUDC on
Transmission 21 Projects in service? 22

 A. Yes, those projects were placed in service at various times between 2012 and
2014. 23

 24

 Q. Should the Working Capital Asset associated with Retail AFUDC on
Transmission 25 Projects be reduced by $7,531,483? 26

 A. No, those amounts are valid AFUDC on transmission plant, associated with
OG&E retail 27 jurisdiction. 28

 29

 Q. Does this conclude your Rebuttal Testimony? 30

 A. Yes. 31

 3 135 FERC &para; 61,038, Docket No. ER 11-2926-000, pg. 23.

 APSC FILED Time: 2/28/2017 11:35:48 AM: Recvd 2/28/2017 11:32:53 AM: Docket
16-052-U-Doc. 148



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              553 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 24, 2010 Wednesday

Attorney: Client had diminished capacity at time of robbery

BYLINE: John Molseed, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Feb. 24--WATERLOO -- Prosecutors say a Waterloo man charged with robbery was
"caught red handed" minutes after the crime, jurors heard Tuesday.

Teijae Scott faces up to 25 years in prison on a charge of first-degree robbery
in an Aug. 10 holdup last year. The state alleges he robbed the Kum & Go on
Franklin Street with a rifle.

The Waterloo Police officer who spotted Scott in an alley near the store shortly
after the robbery led off testimony in the trial, which began Tuesday. Officer
Cory Allspach described seeing Scott stand up from behind a car. The two briefly
spoke before Scott led Allspach on a short foot chase, Allspach said.

Allspach also testified he found the weapon allegedly used in the robbery and
the jacket and white T-shirt Scott allegedly used to conceal his face during the
holdup behind a car in the alley.

Scott's attorney, James Moriarty, told jurors that Scott had diminished capacity
to form specific intent at the time of the robbery.

"Many facts are not in dispute," Moriarty said. "Someone has to have a specific
intent to do something in order to be held criminally liable."

Allspach responded to the call and drove down an alley near the Kum & Go and
used his spotlight to search for the suspect. Allspach said he spotted Scott
standing up from behind the car under which the rifle and clothing were found.

"It wouldn't be very bright of him to get out and be seen by you," Moriarty
asked Allspach.

"No, it wouldn't," Allspach said.

Running from a uniformed police officer also was not a bright move, Moriarty
noted.

Prosecutor Joel Dalrymple, noted that Scott was able to scale a fence
approximately 7 feet fence high to flee Allspach before officers on the other
side of the fence took him into custody.

Allspach also testified he attempted to use a Taser on Scott as he scaled the
fence but failed to stop Scott before he was able to get over.

Scott is one of three people arrested in the robbery. Cody Thomas was found
guilty of first-degree robbery in January and sentenced to 25 years in prison.
TJ Edward Marquand, who was originally charged with first-degree robbery, got
reduced charges for testifying against Thomas. Marquand also is slated to
testify against Scott.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100224-OO-HLT-Attorney-Client-had-diminished
-capacity-at-time-of-robbery-0224

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2010 Waterloo Courier


                              554 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           September 14, 2012 Friday

Phil-good story He may not be a star, but Hughes has been solid starter for
Yanks

BYLINE: Ken Davidoff

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 92

LENGTH: 669 words


BOSTON Scott Podsednik, as good a representative as anyone for this shell of a
Red Sox lineup, swung through a Phil Hughes fastball in the sixth inning last
night, continuing a display of home-team futility at Fenway Park.

For Hughes, the K represented something greater. His 147th strikeout of 2012 set
a personal best for a single season, surpassing his 2010 total of 146. That it
came amidst a crucial, 2-0 shutdown of the rival Red Sox, albeit a diminished
foe - allowing the Yankees to keep pace with the Orioles atop the American
League East - made it all the greater.

"It's not really that many," Hughes said, laughing, of his strikeout total.
"Hopefully I can add a few more onto that."

Manager Joe Girardi's group began its work shift knowing the Orioles outlasted
the Rays in 14 innings, 3-2, jumping a half-game ahead of the Yankees into the
AL East penthouse. A second straight victory - their first multi-game winning
streak since they won three straight from Aug. 13 to Aug. 15 - would be
necessary to avoid second place.

Hughes responded by going 7 ¹/  scoreless innings, allowing just five hits and a
walk while striking out seven. Again, a lineup already diminished by trades and
injuries looked even weaker without Dustin Pedroia, who took the night off to be
with his wife and newborn son. Yet a pitcher doesn't choose the hitters he
faces, so you tip your cap to Hughes for making the assignment seem as easy as
it should have been. And then you take a step back, look at his entire campaign
and salute, well, his competence.

"He's started to use his head," Yankees pitching coach Larry Rothschild said
after the game. "He started to think his way through situations a little more."

On a team that has appeared old and broken down lately, seeing its 10-game
division advantage whittle down to zero, Hughes is the rare rising stock. No, it
doesn't look like the 26-year-old (he's about 2 ¹/  months younger than Felix
Hernandez) will become the ace the Yankees once projected him to be. Yet with
the rest of this season and all of 2013 to go before he's eligible for free
agency, Hughes has re-established himself as a starting pitcher with value.

It hasn't garnered much attention because Hughes has been pitching well, but his
velocity is down lately. According to BrooksBaseball.Net, Hughes averaged 91.31
mph on his four-seam fastball last night, down slightly from his average of
91.52 on Sept 7 in Baltimore. He entered the night averaging 92.2 mph for the
season, according to FanGraphs.

In the past, even such a subtle drop might have doomed Hughes. In his last
handful of starts, however, he has integrated a slider into his repertoire,
using it against right-handed batters to keep them honest, and that has helped
him work through the flat period.

"As long as he's pitching with it, that's fine," Rothschild said. "But you can't
throw with that. You've got to pitch."

We know that wins are a poor measure for pitchers. Nevertheless, Hughes'
team-leading 15 victories signify his taking the ball every fifth day and
providing some innings. He also lowered his ERA to 3.96. Most significantly,
he's at 148 strikeouts and 40 walks for the season, giving him an impressive 3.7
strikeouts-to-walks ratio. That's the best of his big-league career.

So the Yankees headed home having completed this three-city road trip at 5-5,
after beginning it 0-2 and 1-3; their current two-game winning streak represents
their first run of multiple wins since Aug. 13-15 against Texas. Their bullpen
is approaching the deep-fried stage, their hitting with runners in scoring
position remains problematic and questions loom about the health of their two
veteran lefty starters CC Sabathia and Andy Pettitte.

In this sort of September, though, you survive and advance.

"We have a resilient group," Girardi said. "I've said that all along."

Their once fragile starting pitcher might just be getting tougher, as well. His
timing couldn't be better.

ken.davidoff@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: innings eater: Despite some inconsistency, Phil Hughes picked up his
team-leading 15th victory in the Yankees' 2-0 win over the Red Sox last night at
Fenway Park.  Anthony J. CausiAnthony J. Causi

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 22, 2013 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Franchise in Ruins and a Coach's Future in Doubt

BYLINE: By JUDY BATTISTA

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; ON PRO FOOTBALL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1000 words


Until Sunday, the last time anybody had heard from Rex Ryan about something more
significant than his distaste for the Baltimore Orioles was a month ago in a
lavish ballroom at the league's annual meeting. With the recovery from one
season almost over and the stress of the next one months away, coaches are
usually at their most relaxed and expansive at those gatherings.

There was a diminished quality to Ryan that morning, though, as he acknowledged
being humbled by a six-victory season, being haunted by a Super Bowl prediction
that he made a football lifetime ago, being stung by the parade of free agents
who left this spring. Asked about a potential trade of cornerback Darrelle
Revis, Ryan said that he had his own opinion of things, but that he would keep
it to himself, a concession to his new place in the hierarchy so out of
character that Buck Showalter must laugh.

Ryan did summon one moment of throwback bluster while discussing how he felt
about being judged for a season that would be played with a roster not wholly of
his choosing, perhaps without the player on whom his defense had hinged.

''I've never been afraid of anything in my life,'' Ryan said. ''I see this as a
great opportunity for me. I'm not worried about who we play. I think people need
to be worried about us, because I'm certainly not worried about me.''

In hindsight Sunday -- after Revis was traded and signed a contract with the
Tampa Bay Buccaneers -- that sounded a lot like Ryan whistling past his grave.

Ryan surely knew the truth then, as did everyone else with even a passing
interest in football: the Jets were on their way to rock bottom, and Ryan was
hanging on during the plummet.

On a conference call Sunday night, after Revis had signed, Ryan didn't quite
answer a question about how he felt about the trade. Instead, he did what he
does best. He made a guarantee.

''I believe he is the best cornerback in football, no question,'' Ryan said. But
he added: ''We will play great defense. The standard we set as the New York Jets
will not be diminished.''

Of course, trading Revis makes it much more difficult to imagine a Jets future
that includes Ryan. It doesn't say much good about a franchise that it can be
forced by circumstances of its own creation to trade its best player. The Jets
have been so mismanaged, so hamstrung by their own misguided talent evaluations
and bad accounting, this was the only correct move in what is now a
down-to-the-studs rebuilding.

There was the sorry-about-that contract guarantee that keeps Mark Sanchez wed to
the roster long after a brief flirtation with Peyton Manning was rebuffed and
the Band-Aid contract given to Revis that tied the team's hands by taking away
the franchise tag and guaranteeing Revis would be a free agent after the 2013
season. Those were the handiwork of the former general manager Mike Tannenbaum,
and he rightly paid with his job.

Once the Jets' owner, Woody Johnson, was convinced that a little tinkering
wasn't going to be enough to return the Jets to the playoffs, he eventually
decided that Revis had to follow Tannenbaum out the door. Johnson was not
willing to pay $16 million a year -- tying up more than 10 percent of next
year's projected salary-cap space -- for a nonquarterback, because the Jets will
almost certainly need one of those, too. General Manager John Idzik said it
became clear in talks with Revis's agent that there was a ''substantial
difference'' in what Revis thought his value was and what the Jets thought.

The best franchises make difficult financial decisions like this all the time --
the New England Patriots just did it with Wes Welker, the Baltimore Ravens with
Ed Reed. Neither player is currently the caliber of or as pricey as Revis. But
neither franchise has as much of a mess to clean up or as much need for draft
picks to fill holes as Johnson and the Jets.

That, though, was the limit of Johnson's bravado, and this speaks to the Jets'
overarching problem. They went only halfway in their extreme makeover -- neither
firing Ryan nor extending his contract. They made it a condition of employment
for the new general manager to keep Ryan this season. It is a shotgun wedding
that has consigned Ryan to a coaching netherworld, where he will try to save the
Jets and his job with a bargain-basement roster, with a general manager who is
thinking only of the future, and with a quarterback whose week included
pointedly noting the team-fueled circus around Tim Tebow and being mercilessly
booed at Madison Square Garden.

The Revis trade shows just how much Ryan's influence has waned. The deal that
Idzik is getting for Revis is mixed -- the 13th overall pick this year and a
conditional pick next year -- but is probably as good as it could be with only
one suitor and with Revis set to become a free agent in 2014 under his old
contract. However, Johnson's decision to keep Ryan but not to give him the
authority that an extension would confer is the same sort of shortsighted act
that got the Jets into their roster predicament.

Johnson said on the conference call that he had never had a season in which he
was not committed to winning. Asked how he could fairly judge Ryan this year, he
responded that Ryan would be handed a lot of good young players and that he had
confidence that Ryan would do what he said he would do -- on defense, for sure,
Johnson added.

At that meeting in March, Ryan said he didn't see himself as a ''short-term
guy.'' But now that Revis is gone and the roster is gutted, it is difficult to
tell what constitutes enough success to save Ryan. Five wins? Six? Getting
through the season without another butt fumble?

On Sunday night, after a picture of a smiling Revis's signing his new contract
hit Twitter, it said something about the state of the Jets that the only
remaining faces of the franchise were of Sanchez, who waved a Knicks hat in vain
in an attempt to generate some good will amid all that jeering Saturday, and of
his coach, who might soon have to wave a white flag.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/22/sports/football/with-darrelle-revis-gone-and-t
he-jets-in-ruins-rex-ryans-future-is-in-doubt.html

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Coach Rex Ryan said the Jets would ''play great defense''
despite losing Darrelle Revis. (PHOTOGRAPH BY PAT SULLIVAN/ASSOCIATED PRESS)
 The departure of Revis (24) to Tampa Bay left the Jets in full rebuilding mode.
They received the 13th overall draft pick this year and a conditional pick next
year. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BARTON SILVERMAN/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              556 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Tips for choosing vehicles with 'smart features' for older drivers

BYLINE: Pamela Knudson, Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 178 words


Feb. 19--AAA recommends that if you:

--Suffer from hip or leg pain, decreased leg strength or limited knee range of
motion, look for vehicles with six-way adjustable power seats and seat heights
that come between the driver's mid-thigh and lower buttocks. These features can
make it easier for drivers to enter and exit a vehicle.

--Have arthritic hands, painful or stiff fingers or diminished find motor
skills, choose four-door models, thick steering wheels, keyless entry and
ignition, power mirrors and seats, and larger dashboard controls with buttons.
These features reduce the amount of grip strength needed and reduce pain that
can occur with turning or twisting motions.

--Have diminished vision or problems with high-low contrast, look for vehicles
with auto-dimming mirrors, large audio and climate controls and displays with
contrasting text.

For more information, go to SeniorDriving.AAA.com.

___ (c)2013 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130219-GF-BRF-Tips-for-choosing-vehicles-with-smart-features-for-older-drivers
-0219-20130219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2013 Grand Forks Herald


                              557 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday

For jobless, little hope of restoring better days;
Just 7% have returned to or exceeded old lifestyle in U.S., new study finds

BYLINE: MOTOKO RICH

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 1307 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK

ABSTRACT

The vast majority of those unemployed, one study found, say they have diminished
lifestyles, and about 15 percent say the reduction in their incomes has been
drastic and will probably be permanent.

FULL TEXT

People across the working spectrum in the United States suffered job losses in
recent years: bricklayers and bookkeepers as well as workers in manufacturing
and marketing.

But only a select few workers have fully regained their footing during the slow
recovery.

Katie O'Brien Mowery is one of the lucky ones. After losing her job in the
marketing department of a luxury resort in Santa Barbara, California, in early
2010, she eventually found a position with better benefits and the promise of a
brighter future.

''I wished that it happened sooner than it did,'' said Ms. Mowery, who is in her
mid-30s, referring to her nearly yearlong job search. ''But looking back, my new
position wouldn't have been available when I was laid off, and now I'm very
happy.''

Even though the U.S. Labor Department was expected to report Friday that
employers added more than 100,000 jobs in November, a new study shows just how
rare people like Ms. Mowery are. According to the study, which was to be
released Friday by the John J. Heldrich Center for Workforce Development at
Rutgers, New Jersey, just 7 percent of those who lost jobs after the financial
crisis have returned to or exceeded their previous financial position and
maintained their lifestyles.

The vast majority say they have diminished lifestyles, and about 15 percent say
the reduction in their incomes has been drastic and will probably be permanent.

Bill Loftis is one of the unfortunate ones. He is without a college degree or
specialized skills and also worked in an industry, manufacturing, that has added
back only about 13 percent of the jobs that it lost during the recession.

After 22 years on the job, Mr. Loftis, 44, was laid off from a company that
produces air filters and valves in Sterling Heights, Michigan, three years ago.
Managers ''looked me dead in the eye,'' he recalled, ''and said, 'We're laying
you off, but don't worry, we're calling you back.'''

He has heard nothing since. Despite applying for more than 100 jobs, he has been
unable to find work. He has drained most of his 401(k) retirement fund, amassed
credit card debt, and is about to sell his car, a 2006 Dodge Charger. ''It's
looking hopeless,'' he said.

According to the Rutgers study, those with less education were the most ravaged
by job loss during the recession. Even among those who found work, many made
much less than before the downturn.

''The news is strikingly bad,'' said Cliff Zukin, a professor of public policy
and political science at Rutgers who compiled the study, which was based on
surveys of a random sample of Americans who were unemployed at some point from
August 2008 to August 2009. The numbers represent ''a tremendous impression of
dislocation and pain and wasted talent,'' he said.

More than two years after the recovery officially began, U.S. employers have
reinstated less than a quarter of the jobs lost during the downturn, according
to Labor Department figures. Of the 13.1 million people still searching for
work, more than 42 percent have been unemployed for six months or longer. About
8.9 million more are working part time because they cannot find full-time work.

While health care and some energy-related jobs have boomed in recent years, the
other winners have mostly been in skilled professions like computer systems
design, management consulting and accounting, where employers have added back as
many or more jobs than were cut.

Companies like Ernst & Young, KPMG and PricewaterhouseCoopers, which offer
accounting and other business advisory services, as well as management
consulting firms like Bain & Co., have returned to peak hiring levels. Many
Silicon Valley firms are aggressively recruiting.

Other employers are adding back jobs that were cut, though not yet enough to
reach prerecession peaks. What is more, these jobs are in areas like retail,
hospitality and home health care, categories that pay low wages and are unlikely
to give workers much economic security.

The sectors that have been slowest to recover are those that endured the most
acute job losses, like construction and state and local government. Construction
workers are among the biggest sufferers, stung by a housing collapse that led to
the loss of two million jobs. Since the recovery began, the industry has added
just 47,000 jobs.

Even manufacturing - which has shown a relatively healthy pace of job creation
during the recovery - has added just over a tenth of the 2.3 million jobs that
disappeared in the downturn.

''This recovery is really not a fair and balanced recovery,'' said Scot W.
Melland, chief executive of Dice Holdings, an online job search service. ''There
are certain sectors that have done well, and others that haven't done well at
all. If you're in one of the losing sectors, it's very tough.''

Based on previous recessions, employers would have been expected to fill more
jobs at this point in the recovery. But the kinds of jobs that typically return
first have lagged this time around. ''Construction is usually one of the earlier
sectors to come back,'' said Harry J. Holzer, an economist at Georgetown
University and the Urban Institute in Washington.

Because she had a college degree, it never occurred to Ms. Mowery that she would
not eventually find a job. While collecting unemployment benefits, she tapped
her network of friends and sought out the services of a unit of Randstad
Holdings, a job placement firm. To brush up on her skills, she took online
tutorials in software programs like Photoshop and InDesign.

When she landed a new marketing job last December at a company that resells
networking equipment, she started at the same salary she had earned before, but
with improved health and retirement benefits and more opportunities for
promotion.

''I didn't want to just take a job, but make a career move,'' she said. ''I was
pretty confident. Things have a way of working out.''

Some people are sending out scattershot applications for jobs for which they are
overqualified. Jaison Abel, senior economist at the Federal Reserve Bank of New
York, said there was ''some evidence that people who, in a different time, would
have been entering the work force in midskilled jobs are now entering into the
lower-skilled jobs.''

Some are trying for slots even if they do not meet basic qualifications.
PricewaterhouseCoopers received more than 250,000 applications through its Web
site over the last year, but it has hired only 1 percent from that pool, said
Holly Paul, its U.S. recruiting leader. She said a house painter with no
qualifications beyond high school had applied for 10 openings that required
college degrees.

''It's definitely an eye-opener for me because it gives you an idea of what
unfortunately is happening in the economy,'' Ms. Paul said.

Even many of those who have managed to find a job are struggling to restore
financial stability. ''They have had to take pay cuts or benefit cuts or maybe
they don't get any vacation,'' said David Elliot, communications director for
USAction, a coalition of grass-roots groups that will release a report on Friday
about the experiences of unemployed and underemployed workers.

Mr. Loftis, the former manufacturing worker, stays at home in Michigan with his
4-year-old twins and looks for ways to shave costs. He and his wife, who has
returned to work in a $10-an-hour factory job, canceled their cable service and
no longer travel to see her family in the Philippines or relatives in Florida or
Tennessee.

As he continues to apply for work, Mr. Loftis said employers have told him he
has been out of a job for too long. ''It's just hard,'' he said. ''What can you
do to get back on track, you know?''

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            March 18, 2015 Wednesday

point of view;
It's time for fees on aquifer withdrawls

BYLINE: Preston Haskell

SECTION: Pg. A-11

LENGTH: 1289 words


Among the most important issues facing Floridians today is the threatened
condition of state waters and waterways.

Polluted rivers, diminished lakes and disappearing springs place our quality of
life and economic vitality at serious risk.

Not fully understood, however, is the phenomenon that is causing low-water flow
from our springs to our rivers and lakes: overpumping of the Biscayne and
Floridan aquifers.

Overpumping has lowered the aquifer levels and artesian pressures, which in turn
have reduced surface water flow from the springs.

Diminished springs have correspondingly reduced river flow, which has increased
pollution from fertilizer and surface nutrients.

Overpumping has also made our aquifers susceptible to saltwater intrusion,
increased the potential for sinkholes and caused damage to our wetlands.

SLOW EROSION OF WATER SUPPLY

For decades, this phenomenon eroded our aquifers slowly and almost unnoticed but
in recent years has become an alarming condition.

Groundwater consumption has grown from 614 million gallons per day in 1950 to
more than 4,200 in 2005.

While this rate of increase has moderated somewhat in recent years due to mostly
voluntary conservation measures, the exhaustion of those measures and continued
population growth will lead to unsustainable levels of water consumption and
even greater environmental damage unless the issue is intelligently and
thoughtfully addressed.

Recent attempts to remedy this situation have included both usage reduction
measures and new supply alternatives.

Usage reduction has been limited to small, voluntary and inadequate measures,
such as shorter showers, low-flush fixtures, alternate day watering and
eco-friendly plants. Admirable and well-intentioned as these are, they have
finite potential, are difficult to enforce and further consumption decreases
resulting from them will be relatively small.

New sources of supply implemented over the past two decades have principally
included desalination and wastewater reuse. Both carry high price tags.

A desalination plant of moderate capacity costs several hundred million dollars
and consumes large amounts of electricity. Wastewater reuse requires extensive
treatment as well as installation of distribution piping whose cost is
prohibitive except in new subdivisions.

Over time, these costs will come down somewhat but will remain far more
expensive than aquifer water.

USE MARKET PRICING

Sadly, the most effective and efficient dynamic of all for reduction in
groundwater use has received almost no debate, discussion, or even mention:
market pricing for aquifer withdrawals.

In any situation where demand exceeds supply, the pricing mechanism is the most
valuable tool available.

Charging a price for aquifer withdrawals at the wellhead will discourage waste,
incentivize the development of new sources, raise new revenues and bring
discipline and economic efficiency to the allocation of our groundwater
resources.

This in turn will restore our springs, rivers, lakes and groundwater to their
natural condition while assuring adequate water availability for responsible
users well into the future.

Under current policy, virtually any water utility, farmer or industrial concern
- even a homeowner - can obtain a permit to drill a well and thereafter withdraw
almost unlimited quantities of water from the Biscayne or Floridan aquifers for
free. But if charged a market price for consumption at the wellhead, these users
will adopt less wasteful practices and seek alternate sources. Technologies and
methodologies exist for water use reduction at relatively low cost, but there is
presently no economic incentive for implementing them. If faced with either
paying a price at the wellhead or undertaking water-saving measures at a lower
cost, most will opt for the latter.

Indeed, numerous consumption-reducing methodologies that would be more
economically attractive currently exist.

Spray irrigation, both agricultural and residential, can be replaced with drip,
bubble, soaker and seepage methods.

Process technologies, including water reclamation and reuse, can vastly reduce
industrial water use.

Commercial buildings, both new and existing, can be fitted with green roofs,
cisterns, condensate reuse systems, pervious pavements and other water reuse and
reduction methodologies.

Households can reduce lawn watering, car washing and inside use, as well as
detect and correct wasteful leaks.

CONSERVATION OPTIONS EXIST

Studies have indicated that agricultural spray irrigation - which constitutes
almost half of all aquifer water use - can in most cases be replaced with
lower-consumption alternatives for the equivalent of 40 cents per thousand
gallons used over their useful lives, and other measures cited above would cost
up to $1 per thousand gallons or in some cases more, depending upon specific
circumstances.

The lower-cost measures would be exploited first, and even where economic
payback is less favorable, usage reduction by commercial and industrial users
can be influenced by such factors as image, community relations and customer
expectations.

To incentivize such usage reduction measures, pricing of water in a range of 50
cents to $2 per thousand gallons would be reasonable and effective.

In this structure, residential usage would be progressively priced, with the
lowest rates for basic necessities and higher ones for large quantities;
nonresidential users' rates would be determined by economic payback and other
financial factors.

Both economic theory and empirical evidence suggest that if aquifer water were
carefully and analytically priced within this range, a reduction in use of 15 to
20 percent would be obtained over a period of three to five years.

Indeed, most of this could be accomplished by reducing agricultural irrigation
water use by one-third, a readily achievable number. Such a reduction would
return aquifer withdrawals to 1982 levels, which would largely reverse the
environmentally destructive effects being experienced today.

The state revenues resulting from such a price on aquifer withdrawals could
amount to between $1 billion and $1.3 billion annually, depending upon the exact
price structure and actual reductions in water use.

This revenue would be available for, among other things, restoration and
protection of the natural resources that have been ravaged by unrestrained
withdrawals from the aquifers. Up to a certain point, even higher groundwater
prices would further reduce consumption and increase revenues.

A WIN-WIN PLAN

All of this constitutes a win-win-win for Floridians.

First, environmental destruction will be reversed by reduced withdrawals.

Second, state revenues for environmental protection will increase by sensibly
pricing the remaining withdrawals. Finally, the overall economics of water
production and use will ultimately be enhanced as cost savings exceed the price
of withdrawals.

Water is a state resource, and our Legislature is responsible for making water
policy. However, special interests have long opposed paying a price for this
valuable commodity, leading us to the dilemma we face today.

Thus the solution lies in galvanizing public opinion to cause legislative action
that places a reasonable price on groundwater withdrawals. More than any other
solution available, this will rapidly lead to restoration of our damaged rivers,
springs, lakes and wetlands, ensuring good and sufficient water supplies to be
intelligently utilized for decades to come.

To do otherwise will result in unacceptable impacts upon our unique and precious
environmental resources and will make the ultimate cost of resolving these
issues far greater than that which immediate and responsible action will.

Preston Haskell is chairman of The Haskell Co. and a civic leader.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Florida Times-Union


                              559 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             January 2, 2017 Monday
                              MON REGIONAL Edition

McLeod has never seen things so bad

BYLINE: Mike Chambers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 401 words


Cody McLeod on Friday scored a goal, the highlight of an otherwise wretched
season.

Stripped of his alternate captain duties in the preseason and scratched on
opening night, Colorado's most veteran player has played in just 24 of 36 games
for the league's worst team. His average minutes of 5:55 is a career low.

McLeod, 32, has always been comfortable as a fourth line forward and a
middleweight enforcer. But given his diminished role and the Avs' 12 23 1
record, he is mired in the worst stretch of his career.

"Hundred percent, hands down," McLeod, the last remaining player from the 2007
08 team, said Sunday after an hour long practice. "We're professionals, and it's
a privilege to play in the NHL. But I feel like I can still play and contribute
more than what I'm getting right now. It's more frustrating that we're losing,
and the way we're losing hockey games. I wish I was more part of it."

Given the situation, McLeod would welcome a trade if it offers him a chance to
play for a Stanley Cup contending team. He is under contract through next
season, at a $1,333,333 million salary cap hit.

"We'll see when that time comes," McLeod said of the Feb. 28 trade deadline.
"But I love Denver, and my family is here. We love the fans, and we'll probably
stay here when I retire. But at the end of the day, I want to win. I want a
chance to win the Stanley Cup."

McLeod led the NHL with 12 fighting majors last season and, despite his
diminished playing time, he's tied for third this season with seven. He was
deemed an integral part of the Avalanche under the club's two previous head
coaches since 2012, when Joe Sacco gave him an "A" on his chest. Sacco's
successor, Patrick Roy, was a staunch supporter.

"I feel like I come to play hard every night. I know I'm not the most talented
guy, and I'm getting older," McLeod said. "But I still feel like I have more to
give."

McLeod isn't the locker room presence that he once was. On again, off again
healthy scratches don't have much of a voice. As for the mood in the Avs' room,
McLeod said it's what you would expect.

"Anytime you're dead last in the league, things aren't good," he said. "Doesn't
matter what league you're playing in whether it's baseball, basketball or
football. There's probably going to be changes I have no idea but we're
professionals and we're paid to go out there and play hard. To a man in this
room, everybody has to bring more."

LOAD-DATE: January 05, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2017 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              560 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1100 words


Invest in mental health care, not restoring horrific facility

It was a month before I was to receive my M.D. degree, spring 1973. The last
required rotation for our group was psychiatry and we were assigned to Buffalo
State Hospital, specifically the "med-surg" building. The attending physicians
gave us piles of charts on current patients and told us to go through them. They
went back 10, 20, sometimes over 30 years and chronicled supposed symptoms of
mental illness that ended up in long-term confinement to this facility.We found
patients who initially didn't have mental illness. They had thyroid disease,
seizure disorders or other general medical problems. By the time their diagnoses
were corrected, most had been subjected to prolonged use of toxic medications
and even some lobotomies (brain surgery intended to treat mental illness and
aggression).One day we were taken on a tour of the Richardson Towers. There were
still patients confined there. As we walked through the halls, looking at
windowless rooms, floor drains, fire hoses wrapped outside the doors, padded
walls and bars on the locked door windows, a patient escaped her room and ran to
us, open hospital gown flapping behind, grabbed the thumb of one of my
classmates and the white-jacketed aides pulled her away and presumably put her
back in her cell. This was 1973, not 1880.

The Buffalo State Asylum for the Insane was a prime example of the dark ages of
medicine and care of the mentally ill. The buildings were built to hide the
mentally ill behind an impressive architectural facade and grounds. People were
institutionalized for life simply upon the request of family members. Treatment
options are somewhat better now and there are laws in place to try to prevent
long-term commitments, but we still have a long way to go. Instead of improving
mental health care, we are spending money to restore a horrific facility, making
it into a boutique hotel and conference center. Restoring one patient room just
doesn't do justice to the people who lived and died there, out of sight of the
rest of humanity.

Sharon Kuritzky, M.D.

Amherst

Friends of Knox Farm diminished by fighting

The News article on the upheaval in the Friends of Knox Farm gave both sides
ample opportunity to speak and thus leads to the conclusion that in spite of the
fact that Seymour Knox's "style" had produced outstanding results, some placed a
higher priority on changing this style than on values such as respect, personal
deference and humility. The result is a diminished group with a negative image.
It would seem that at times, taking two steps back for a perspective on what is
really important in life can be helpful.

Mike Butler

Member, Friends of Knox

East Aurora

Voters should consider Independence candidates

Voters this year are being corralled by the two major political parties, in an
attempt to limit State Supreme Court Justice candidate options to those five
they have cross-endorsed, as political maneuvering has eliminated other
qualified candidates from major endorsements on the ballot.

However, other highly qualified candidates who should have been endorsed are
present on the minor party lines, giving the voter true options for justice
positions that are not part of a political deal for power and influence.

The News should endorse these candidates, and Judges Donna Siwek and Frederick
Marshall, both incumbents with incredible records over at least 14 years in
office. I personally am breaking with major party interests and voting
Independence lines and individuals worthy of these positions. I encourage my
fellow voters to do the same and not follow major party endorsements like so
many sheep waiting to be told how to think.

Denise Cornell

Buffalo

Opposition to voter ID doesn't pass 'sniff' test

In the Oct. 19 edition of The News, the political cartoon drawn by Adam Zyglis
has once again missed the target.

The drawing shows a cowboy boot with a lone star (to symbolize Texas) trampling
on the Constitution with specific reference to the 15th Amendment, with the
inscription "except blacks and Hispanics." This is in reference to Texas
requiring photo IDs to vote.

The 15th Amendment states that voting rights shall not be "denied or abridged"
on account of "race, color or previous servitude." How does the requirement of a
photo ID violate the 15th Amendment?

The 14th Amendment, Section 1, spells out the conditions for U.S. citizenship. I
recommend that Zyglis check it out.

Requiring a photo ID verifies that the person casting his vote is indeed the
same person registered to vote in that state. This will help eliminate voter
fraud by ensuring that there is one person (who is a legal U.S. citizen) who
gets to cast one vote. Not one person casting multiple votes, or persons who are
not citizens casting any votes whatsoever.

The Democratic Party and the liberal justices claim this will disenfranchise
Hispanic and black voters. This just does not pass the "sniff" test. All it
proves to me is that the Democrats and liberals, once again, want to tip the
scales to favor their agenda, even at the cost of violating the rights of legal
voters. If you want to vote, you should be required to provide proof that you
are a U.S. citizen who is a legally registered voter. One vote per each citizen.
Sounds reasonable to me.

Joseph A. Coppola

Buffalo

Political correctness is out of control today

A letter printed in the Oct. 18 edition of The News displayed the effects of
political correctness run amok. The writer took it upon herself to apologize on
behalf of all of us for our country's treatment of the Seneca Indians as it
relates to the building of the Kinzua Dam. I wonder if she, in preparing to
write her expression of "white guilt," asked any Erie Indians how they felt
about the Senecas' past treatment of them. The answer would be no, since the
Senecas annihilated the Erie tribe.

Since my ancestors came from Italy circa 1900 and I was not born until 1954, I
feel no "white guilt" and hence no compulsion to apologize. I also encourage
those who like to wear their heart on their sleeve regarding such matters to
examine the term Native American. Webster's defines native as "born in a
particular place," meaning that anyone born in the United States is a native
American. The term as used in the vernacular is a creation of the speech police
and meant to confer some special standing or entitlement. All of us born in the
United States are native Americans and we are all entitled to fair and equal
treatment. Ad we are not expected to "suffer for the sins of our fathers," as
the saying goes.

Joseph P. Brignone

Buffalo

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                May 29, 1982, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

MENSTRUAL STRESSES AS A LEGAL DEFENSE

BYLINE: By MARCIA CHAMBERS

SECTION: Section 2; Page 46, Column 5; Style Desk

LENGTH: 658 words


A 24-year-old Brooklyn mother, acccused of assaulting her 4-yearold daughter,
has maintained in a novel extension of the defense of diminished capacity that
her case should be dismissed because premenstrual stress prompted her to act
irrationally.

According to Stephanie Benson, the Legal Aid defense lawyer on the case, the
argument has not been advanced before in an American criminal court. It has been
used with some success recently in mitigating sentences in Britain and has
touched off debate as to its appropriateness and validity among prosecutors,
doctors, judges, lawyers and feminists here and there.

Miss Benson said that last December her client, Shirley Santos, a 24-year-old
single mother of six, beat her 4-year-old daughter when she refused to be quiet;
the child was covered with bruises and welts. Miss Santos, distraught and
remorseful, explained that she had just gotten her menstrual period.

Custody Issue Raised

The misdemeanor case has been adjourned until November, during which time the
Family Court, in a separate action instituted by municipal officials, could
permanently remove the children from their mother's custody. That, in turn,
could result in the dismissal of the misdemeanor case.

So far Elizabeth Holtzman, the Brooklyn District Attorney, has indicated that
she plans to continue the prosecution. Regardless of the outcome, Miss Holtzman
predicts that the premenstsrual stress defense, known as P.M.S., will surface in
other cases. Her office, she said, is gathering scientific data and expert
testimony to rebut the defense.

Criminal Court Judge Jerome M. Becker, who heard arguments on the dismissal late
in April, said in court that the defense was credible: ''Inasmuch as disruptions
of the mind are admissible evidence in a criminal case, why should physical
eruptions of the body likewise not be admitted?''

Miss Holtzman said, on the other hand, that there was no ''scientific evidence
to demonstrate that P.M.S. is a legitimate defense to a criminal action or that
it ought to be.'' Miss Benson said that while there were no ''conclusive
scientific tests'' to substantiate the effect of the stress, there are
sufficient data to show that women have committed violent acts without criminal
intent in the premenstrual period.

In the British cases premenstrual stress was accepted as a mitigating
circumstance in the sentencing of two women accused of violent crimes.

Other hormonal deficiencies, among them diabetes and hypoglycemia, have been
raised in American courts in an attempt to show that a suspect suffered from
diminished capacity at the time a crime was committed. In New York State
diminished capacity is admitted as mitigation in homicide cases, but the
standard is stringent, legal scholars say, for the defense must prove that the
accused acted under the influence of ''extreme emotional disturbance.''

'No Scientific Evidence'

In an interview, Miss Holtzman, alluding to the insanity defense, said, ''There
is nothing about the premenstrual syndrome to suggest disease or defect, and
there is no scientific evidence that shows women lose the ability to know right
from wrong.'' When insanity is raised by the defense, it admits that the accused
committed the crime but maintains that he or she lacked criminal responsibility
by reason of mental disease or defect. It is up to the prosecution to show that
the defendant was sane at the time.

H. Richard Uviller, a professor of criminal law at the Columbia Law School, said
that as a feminist he was outraged by the line of argument on premenstrual
stress because, in effect, it degraded women. He also asked, ''Do we now say
that the full moon causes crime and that the actor is not criminally
responsible?'' he asked.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              562 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 30, 2016 Wednesday

JP Morgan raises oil prices forecasts

BYLINE: Aygun Badalova, Trend News Agency, Baku, Azerbaijan

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 274 words


March 30--The US JP Morgan bank has raised 2016 prices forecasts to just under
$38 a barrel for both Brent and WTI.

The forecasts for both WTI and Brent have been also raised to $47.75 a barrel,
an increase of $4.5 a barrel from previous forecasts, according to JP Morgan's
monthly Oil Market report, obtained by Trend.

"Oil markets have rallied strongly from their 1Q16 lows on the back of
higher-than-normal supply disruptions, sustained demand growth and diminished
threat from macro risks, the report said. The fear than central banks were
running out of policy options has receded, and risks of a US recession have
diminished, reversing their early-year acceleration."

JP Morgan expects Brent average price at $34 a barrel in the second quarter of
this year, $38 -- in the third quarter and $43 in the fourth quarter.

WTI average price is forecast at $33 a barrel in the second quarter, $39 in the
third quarter and $44 in the fourth quarter of this year.

In 2017, the highest price both for Brent and WTI is expected at $55 a barrel in
the fourth quarter.

Oil prices rose on Wednesday, supported by a weaker dollar and industry data
showing a smaller-than-expected increase in U.S. oil inventories.

Brent crude, the global oil benchmark, rose 1.3 percent to $40.37 a barrel on
London's ICE Futures exchange. On the New York Mercantile Exchange, West Texas
Intermediate futures were trading up 1.7 percent at $38.94 a barrel, according
to the Wall Street Journal.

Follow us on Twitter @TRENDNewsAgency

___ (c)2016 Trend News Agency (Baku, Azerbaijan) Visit Trend News Agency (Baku,
Azerbaijan) at en.trend.az Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160330-1AZ-JP-Morgan-raises-oil-prices-forecasts-20160330

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AZ


                        Copyright 2016 Trend News Agency


                              563 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                          December 25, 2013 Wednesday

Diminished Yoon faces murky future '

LENGTH: 572 words


Gone are the days when Kia Tigers pitcher Yoon Suk-min, left, was considered a
comparable player to Los Angeles Dodgers' Ryu Hyun-jin. Seeking a career in
Major League Baseball (MLB), Yoon left for the United States in October to try
out for several American teams. He returned to Korea last Saturday without a
contract. After a shoulder injury, Yoon has been struggling to draw interest
from the MLB. / YonhapBy Baek Byung-yeul

It was just two years ago when Yoon Suk-min, then the ace of the Kia Tigers,
seemed destined for a solid career in Major League Baseball. But now diminished
after a shoulder injury, the 27-year-old has been struggling to generate
interest from world baseball's highest stage.

Seeking a career in the majors, Yoon left for the United States in October to
try out for several American clubs. He returned to Korea quietly last Saturday
and appears to be no closer to landing a contract than he was 40 days ago.

"I came back home to spend the holiday season with my family and friends," the
soft-spoken Yoon told reporters.

"My dream remains to play in the major leagues. I have entrusted all
negotiations to my agent."

That happens to be Scott Boras, the baseball super-agent who also represents
Korean major league standouts Choo Shin-soo and Ryu Hyun-jin. Boras, involved in
many of the biggest contracts in the history of baseball, is probably capable of
selling fire in hell. Finding a taker for Yoon, however, has been a challenge
even for him.

Yoon has been a stellar pitcher in his prime. His dual ability to miss bats and
induce groundballs had many scouts projecting a solid career in the majors. It
was Yoon, not Ryu, who was Korea's best pitcher during the country's impressive
2009 World Baseball Classic run. He went 17-5 with a 2.45 earned run average
(ERA) with the Tigers in 2011, when he was named as the league's MVP for the
regular season.

However, it also seems likely that the world has already seen the best of Yoon.

After starting Korea's first game in this year's World Baseball Classic in
March, Yoon sustained a shoulder injury that forced him to miss the start of the
Korea Baseball Organization (KBO) regular season. He made his season debut for
the Tigers as a reliever in May, but was clearly a diminished pitcher. He
managed only 87 innings and his ERA soared over 4.00. His number of strikeouts
per nine innings dropped from nine in 2012 to seven in 2013.

Yoon's fastball, which had been comfortably between the late-140 to the
early-150 kilometer-per-hour range before the injury, was clocked in the
low-to-mid 140s this year. His slider, once rated by major league scouts as an
above-average pitch, didn't have the same movement.

Granted, there is also a possibility that Yoon will be able to pitch harder in
2014 with a full-year removed from the injury. However, it remains to be seen
whether major league clubs will make a multimillion dollar gamble on Yoon who at
best projects as a backend starter at this point.

The Chicago Cubs, Minnesota Twins and the Kansas City Royals were known to have
expressed their interest in Yoon, but the talks haven't progressed to serious
levels.

Yoon has constantly said he was motivated by Ryu, the big, 26-year-old lefty who
went 14-8 in his rookie season with the Los Angeles Dodgers this year. But while
Yoon had been a comparable pitcher to Ryu during their time in the KBO, it bears
further watching whether he has a future in American baseball.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

Blue Jays, Tigers turn around seasons after dreadful starts; Heading into 3-game
set both teams in contention for division lead

BYLINE: Bob Duff, The Windsor Star

SECTION: SPORTS; Bob Duff; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 597 words


The calls for the head of Brad Ausmus have diminished.

The apparatus that operates the panic button is no longer primed at the Rogers
Centre.

As the Toronto Blue Jays arrived in Detroit Monday for the opener of a
three-game set with the Tigers - bringing platoons of Blue Jays Nation across
the border with them to fill many of Comerica Park's stark green seats in bold
blue colours - the noise you heard emanating from the stands could have just as
easily been sighs of relief as cheers of excitement.

Coming off their best season in years and their first postseason appearance
since winning the 1993 World Series, the Jays opened the season as if they
intended on going back to their bad old ways, breaking 12-15 from the gate.

Meanwhile, the Tigers, who were last-place finishers in the AL Central a year
ago, looked prepared to take up residence there again this season, and were
16-21 as recently as May 15.

Suddenly, both these teams are hotter than newly laid asphalt at a summer
construction site. The Jays have won five straight series in putting together a
12-4 record in their last 16 games before Monday's 11-0 drubbing by the Tigers
at Comerica Park.

The Tigers are riding a fourgame winning streak and are 14-7 in their last 21.

Surprisingly, the Jays, who slugged their way to an AL East title in 2015,
leading the league in home runs and runs scored, are doing it this year with
pitching, the supposed weak link in their lineup.

Toronto's starting staffleads the major leagues with 358.1 innings pitched. The
Jays' starters have tossed 38 quality starts, second-best in baseball.

Since May 19, Toronto's starting rotation owned a 3.06 earned run average and
had limited opposition hitters to a .192 batting average coming into Monday.
Marco Estrada carried a nohitter into the eighth inning in Sunday's 5-4 win over
Boston at Fenway Park, nearly becoming the first visiting pitcher to no-hit the
Red Sox at Fenway since Detroit's Jim Bunning on July 20, 1958.

Monday's starter, lefty J.A. Happ, could arguably be Toronto's stafface, though
he was lit up for six earned runs in five innings on Monday. His ERA since last
Aug. 14 is 2.29 and he's checked hitters on a .145 batting average over his last
three starts, leading the AL with 10 quality starts.

While the pitching kept them afloat, the Jays' vaunted bats have also ignited
and it was a Jose Bautista batting order flip by manager John Gibbons that looks
to have lit the fire.

Since moving Bautista to the top of the Toronto batting order, the Jays are
12-4. Seeing more fastballs while batting leadoff, he has posted an .842 OPS
with five home runs. Bautista leads the AL with 43 walks. The Jays entered
Monday 2.5 games back of AL East co-leaders Boston and the Baltimore Orioles and
have clouted 26 homers in 17 games.

"We're playing good baseball all the way around but I still don't think we've
hit our stride yet," Jays manager John Gibbons said.

Pitching has also helped carry the Tigers back into the race in the AL Central,
where Detroit is 3.5 games back of the leading Cleveland Indians.

Justin Verlander has posted a 2.01 ERA in his last six starts and Monday's
starter, Michael Fulmer, has won three straight starts and came close to
no-hitting the Los Angeles Angels in his previous trip to the hill. Detroit has
won 10 of its last 13 at home.

Detroit manager Ausmus described his team as "feast or famine." At the present
time, as they clash on the diamond, both the Jays and Tigers are enjoying the
feast.

bduff@postmedia.com twitter.com/asktheduffer !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Sancya, The Associated Press; Detroit Tigers pitcher Michael
Fulmer throws against the Toronto Blue Jays in the first inning Monday in
Detroit.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              565 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 26, 1990, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Trappings of fame trap Sinead

BYLINE: Edna Gundersen

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 740 words

DATELINE: COLUMBIA, Md.


I Do Not Want What I Haven't Got, 1990's top pop breakthrough, brought Sinead
O'Connor a lot more than she wanted.

Her second self-produced album, which was No. 1 in Billboard for eight weeks,
has sold 3 million copies, thanks largely to the Prince-penned monster single,
Nothing Compares 2 U. It was No. 1 for a month and winner of three MTV awards,
including video of the year.

Such sudden mammoth stardom carries a price the Irish singer is loathe to pay.

''It's affected my personal life immensely, which makes me unhappy,'' O'Connor,
24, said before one of the final stops on her recent U.S. tour. In floral
overalls and brown boots, she's oblivious to the dressing room's stifling heat.

''I want people to like my records but I don't want to be a star. I never said I
did. That's not the reason I make records.

''Being famous is very lonely because you can't trust people. People lie to you.
They want to hang around with you because you are surrounded by what they think
are powerful people. I've witnessed people around me, who've gotten close to me,
use me in every way they could. It's diminished my faith in the human race.''

It has not diminished her commitment to music.

A video for the album's third single, Three Babies, premieres Thursday on MTV.
She'll perform on Saturday's season opener of Saturday Night Live, after
boycotting last spring's show hosted by comic Andrew Dice Clay, who she says
''endorses racism, homophobia and chauvinism.''

At the Oct. 12-13 Amnesty International shows in Chile, she'll join a roster
that includes cause-rockers Sting, Peter Gabriel and Jackson Browne.

Despite career triumphs, 1990 has been rough. When she nixed the playing of the
national anthem at her recent Holmdel, N.J., show, she drew fire from the press
and Frank Sinatra, who expressed a desire to ''kick her in the ass.''

''Incidentally,'' O'Connor said later, ''I wouldn't be the first woman Frank
Sinatra threatened to hit.''

Earlier in Pittsburgh, she was crushed when fans booed her for skipping an
encore.

''I was feeling really sick,'' she says. ''I said, 'I'm tired, I'm sorry, I know
I'm supposed to play longer, but I feel incapable of doing it.' They started
throwing chairs at my crew, they got violent and were yelling for refunds. How
can people on one hand relate to my music, which is very human, then not allow
me to be a human being?''

She shakes her head. ''There are days when I'm sitting in the dressing room five
minutes before the gig, wishing a bomb would explode.''

On a personal level, the tour meant long separations from 3-year-old son Jake,
''and that makes me feel very lost.'' She and husband John Reynolds separated,
and her affair with singer Hugh Harris soured, an event that seems to have
inspired much of her bitterness, though she won't discuss him.

''For me to answer those questions suggests people have a right to ask them,
which of course they don't.''

But she's vocal on her disillusionment. ''There are always people who want to
leech off you,'' she says. ''It took me a long time to figure it out. It never
occurs to me that anybody could be so manipulative.

''People are users. They don't realize the extent they're damaging you. You feel
like you've been raped. You realize they're hanging around you because you're a
celebrity and they can gain something from it. It's made me very untrusting and
suspicious.''

Even connections with well-meaning fans prove difficult. ''People can't
communicate with you on an ordinary level. All they can talk to you about is
records or music; they can't talk about lipstick or boys.''

The up side of fame? ''It teaches you to value your friends and yourself. You
may only have a few people you can depend on, but you can depend on them 100%.''

Eager to return to her Dublin girlfriends (they call themselves ''the beautiful
bitches''), O'Connor feels constrained by her grueling schedule.

''It's hard to have fun now, because fun involves going out, staying up late,
smoking cigarettes or drinking. If I do those things, I can't sing properly.

''I feel a responsibility to my audience. That means I mustn't yield to
temptations. It's very difficult for me to not have a few beers and cigarettes
during the day. You can't go out for a walk. You're trapped in four walls, bored
sick. You're trapped in your own body. It gets frustrating.''

She grins. ''Sometimes I really need to do something totally irresponsible.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: EAR PHOTO; color, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY (Sinead O'Connor); PHOTO;
b/w, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY ( Sinead O'Connor)

CUTLINE: O'CONNOR: 'I don't want to be a star' CUTLINE: O'CONNOR: Pop stardom
has taken a toll on her personal life, but the Irish singer keeps a steadfast
commitment to her music.

TYPE: Show

Accompanying story; Tough image takes toll

                      Copyright 1990 Gannett Company Inc.


                              566 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Variety

                                October 14, 2015

Louisiana Tax Incentives Lure  X-Men  Spinoff  Gambit,   Jack Reacher 2 ;

BYLINE: Dave McNary

SECTION: NEWS;

LENGTH: 667  words


Over the past decade, rising from the devastation of Hurricane Katrina, the
state of Louisiana has emerged as one of the largest film and television
production centers in the U.S.   helped to a large degree by its generous tax
incentives, but also by a deep and experienced crew base, and by far lower
production and livings costs than those found in the media capitals of Los
Angeles and New York.

The big draw   a 30% tax credit on all eligible production expenditures   has
made the state a major destination for studios and indie producers alike. Films
and TV shows shot wholly or partly in Louisiana read like a showbiz hits list:
The Expendables,   Pitch Perfect,   The Curious Case of Benjamin Button,
Django Unchained,   Duck Dynasty,   21 Jump Street,   Treme,   Scream Queens,
12 Years a Slave  and  Jurassic World.

Until recently, that incentive was uncapped, with no limit on the amount the
state could reimburse producers each year. But in June, Gov. Bobby Jindal signed
a bill capping the annual tax credits at $180 million and also suspending for a
year Louisiana s tax credit buyback program whereby credits can be cashed in for
85 cents on the dollar. Credits earned after the $180 million cap is reached can
still be cashed in the following year. That could be a problem for smaller
projects that use credits to cash-flow production.

BAYOU SHOOT: Like many shows, CBS hit  NCIS: New Orleans  films in Louisiana; it
s also set there. Courtesy of CBS

While the move   made to balance the state budget   set off some alarm bells in
the production community, many Hollywood execs believe the concern was
exaggerated.

Joseph Chianese, senior VP of taxes, business development and production
planning at payroll giant Entertainment Partners   and an expert on incentive
financing   says in the past the absence of an annual cap had made producers
very comfortable.  Now, he adds,  You have to think about what you re doing and
when the audit will be done ... but I wouldn t say interest has diminished.
Louisiana remains a big draw for producers.

Patrick Mulhearn, executive director of Celtic Studios in Baton Rouge, says he s
convinced any issues caused by the new cap are temporary. He notes that only $10
million has been redeemed so far in the first three months of the fiscal year.

Mulhearn also points out that all four candidates for governor to succeed Jindal
have called for a special session in January or February to change the tax
credit rules.  At this rate, it doesn t look like we will hit the redemption cap
in fiscal year 2015-16. Smart lenders should be lending again to independents if
they aren t already,  he says, noting the current shoots include  Salem  in
Shreveport and  NCIS: New Orleans  in New Orleans. On the horizon:  Jack Reacher
2  and  X-Men  spinoff  Gambit.

I wouldn t say interest has diminished. Louisiana remains a big draw for
producers.

Joseph Chianese

Putting his money where his mouth is, Mulhearn has purchased 10 acres to expand
his facilities.  We are really bullish,  he says.

Not everyone is as optimistic. Hannibal Pictures topper Richard Rionda Del
Castro, referring to the temporary suspension of the buyback program, says,  now
you have to wait for a year to collect in Louisiana.  Trevor Short, CFO and
partner at Nu Image, says the new rules may not be much of a problem for the big
studios but  the independent sector could be affected.

Fred Baron, executive VP of feature production at 20th Century Fox   which shot
Fantastic Four  and  Dawn of the Planet of the Apes  in Louisiana   counters
that the current situation is a temporary bump in the road.  I think this will
be a pretty quick fix and will go back to doing business as usual,  he says.
They ve created a great model that s production-friendly. Plus, Louisiana is
easy to get to; only 3Â½ hours from L.A. and two hours from New York.

CRESCENT CITY BLUES: HBO s  Treme  showed New Orleanians rebuilding their lives
in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina. Courtesy of HBO

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              January 29, 1986, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

SOMMELIERS GET AS SCARCE AS '29 LAFITE

BYLINE: By FLORENCE FABRICANT

SECTION: Section C; Page 3, Column 1; Living Desk

LENGTH: 1047 words


AT Le Cirque, captains in tuxedos proffer leather-bound wine lists and serve the
wine. At Lavin's, which has a sophisticated wine selection and a
state-of-the-art dispenser for wine by the glass, waiters and waitresses in
white shirts and black bow ties explain the featured wines of the day. And at Le
Bernardin, an elegantly appointed Parisian seafood restaurant opening on West
51st Street this week, the service of wine is being assigned to captains and
waiters.

At a time when consumer interest in wine is high and restaurants are improving
wine selection and service, traditional sommeliers, wearing a striped waistcoat
hung with silver tastevin, are an endangered species. Wine service has become
serious without ceremony. At some restaurants, such as the Oyster Bar in Grand
Central Terminal, with over 200 wines, and the Gotham Bar and Grill, the wine
list is part of the menu; at the expensive and luxurious Quilted Giraffe, it is
a computer printout.

''The role of the sommelier has diminished in importance as the pre-eminence of
the strict French dining room has diminished,'' said Joshua Wesson, a wine
consultant who, as a wine steward at Hubert's in 1984, won a national sommelier
contest. ''There has been a democratization of dining, and wine service is
dispersed among captains and waiters.''

A great many restaurant owners are relatively uninformed about wine and depend
on lists prepared by wine merchants. Some servers will ask if a diner wants a
white wine to breathe, and others will sniff the dry end of the cork. Most wine
lists ignore such fundamental information as vintage. At the same time, a
growing number of restaurants have regular tastings to keep their staff members
informed, so that even in a place serious about wine service, a formal wine
steward may be unnecessary.

Susan Liederman, owner of Manhattan Market, conducts daily tastings for her
staff. She explained her expectations for wine service: ''The waiter should be
prepared to suggest a wine in what I call the midrange, $16 to $18, first, then
a very inexpensive wine, about $12, and then, finally, if the customer seems to
be receptive, a bottle that might run $35 to $40, qualifying that recommendation
by saying that they might be interested in something really special.''

Mrs. Liederman said the more expensive selections are made by serious wine
drinkers who rarely ask advice. The abiding rule, however, is that the waiter
must take the cue from the diner.

Michael Pagan, maitre d'hotel at Manhattan Market, said that he sometimes
approaches a couple poring over a menu and asks, ''Could it be that this is a
Champagne evening?'' His intuition is accurate 75 percent of the time, he said.
''But you're taking a chance, and you have to be careful when you make a
suggestion like that,'' he added.

Roger Dagorn, the sommelier at Maurice in the Hotel Parker Meridien, said: ''The
majority of our guests are very knowledgeable, especially about French and
California wines, but one out of three times the customer will ask for
recommendations. Then you have a consultation and find out what wines they
like.''

Mr. Dagorn, who is president of the Sommelier Society, and other wine stewards
said that people ordering wine are familiar with some wines and know what they
like. He said that at Maurice more red than white wine is selling, ''even with
fish.''

''I have seen people drink only white wine, even with red meat, and not be
concerned about it,'' said Raymond Wellington, director of Joseph Baum's new
restaurant, Aurora. ''What you find is that they are drinking what they like,''
he said.

Despite the recent attention to the careful pairing of certain dishes and wines,
a table with several diners will order an assortment of dishes, making perfect
matches with wine extremely difficult. ''You have to make compromises all the
time,'' said Stephen Boals, the sommelier at Maxim's. ''You can't suggest the
ideal wine as you would at a banquet or for a dinner party with a set menu. You
have to find out what people enjoy and make them feel confident about their own
taste.''

Drew Nieporent, owner of Montrachet, said that rather than dictate a wine he
tries to see what his customers have in mind in style and price. ''Our food is
lighter, so I try to have a number of light reds on the list that would suit a
variety of dishes,'' he said. If one guest orders the loin of lamb with port
wine sauce and another asks for the bass en barigoule, with artichokes, white
wine and olive oil, Mr. Nierporent said he would suggest a Chinon or Fixin.

When meat and fish are served simultaneously, the personal preference of wine
stewards and restaurateurs is light reds, such as a Burgundy from the Cote de
Beaune or a lighter cabernet sauvignon, but they always defer to the customer.
The customer might prefer a full-bodied California chardonnay with steak or a
cabernet sauvignon with lobster.

''People realize that God is not going to yell at them if they have red wine
with scallops,'' said Mr. Wesson, the wine consultant. ''You can't be
doctrinaire.''

At the Post House and Smith & Wollensky, steakhouses with lengthy wine lists,
more red than white is sold with mixed orders. ''You can't get hung up on rules,
and you can't open four bottles of wine at a table for four, so we have a
variety of cabernets that permit us to find something suitable,'' said Martin
Gerchman, wine buyer for both restaurants.

Although relatively few restaurants stock a good selection of half-bottles, an
increasing number offer several varieties of wine by the glass that are superior
to the house wine.

At the Four Seasons, customers generally order wines that best complement the
dinner, even if it means two bottles for just two people. ''People insist on
having what they like, more this year than ever before,'' said Julian Niccolini,
the director of special events, who often advises customers on wine. ''No way
will they drink white wine with venison.''

Pat Cetta, an owner of Sparks Steak House, indicated that once in a while
customers order a white wine and a red to accompany red snapper and steak, but
usually the dominant person in the party prevails. ''The important thing is to
enjoy the wine,'' he said. ''You're probably going to sip it throughout the
meal.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo of Roger Dagorn (NYT/Edward Hausner); photo of Susan Liederman

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              568 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                            October 5, 2001, Friday

WITH DUNN INJURED, BUCS TURN TO ALSTOTT

BYLINE: MIKE COBB The Ledger

SECTION: Sports; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 770 words


TAMPA -- Mike Alstott swears he's a patient guy. Over the past two years, the
guy who once ran over defenders with the ball tucked under his arm became the
Tampa Bay Buccaneers' all-purpose player.

He's played fullback. He's played running back. He's played tight end. He's
lined up in the slot, and been an H-back where he lines up behind the tight end
or goes in motion.

"I'm like the universal player," Alstott said earlier this year. "I like being
versatile and being in a lot of situations."

The one thing he's missed is having the chance to carry the ball more than three
or four times a game.

Sunday, he'll again get a chance to put the ball under his arm and run with it.
With Warrick Dunn sidelined with a right foot sprain, Alstott will be the Bucs'
featured ball carrier.

He can't wait.

"I've been in that role before and I enjoy it," he said. "I like the ball in my
hands, and I like to make plays and contribute to the team."

Over a three-year span (1997-99), Alstott carried the ball 633 times for 2,460
yards and 22 touchdowns. That's an average per season of 211 carries, 820 yards
and 7.3 touchdowns. Per game, that's 13.5 carries for 52.3 yards.

Since his late-game fumble against the Jets in the fourth game of the 2000
season, Alstott's role as a ball carrier has diminished. A knee sprain that kept
him out of three games later in the year contributed to his diminished role, but
even before that, his carries were dropping.

In the last 12 games he's played, he has just 78 carries for 290 yards and one
touchdown. Per game, that's 6.5 carries for 24.1 yards.

Part of his diminished role since his knee injury has been the emergence of Dunn
as the primary ball carrier. Part of it has been utilizing him in a number of
different roles.

Until Dunn returns, Alstott's role will be filled most of the time by rookie
Jameel Cook and fourth-year back-up Rabih Abdullah, while Alstott is expected to
have the ball in his hands more.

Does he feel he has something to prove?

"I guess you could say that, but I'm just taking this opportunity and trying to
make the most of it," he said. "I like the role. I like the ball in my hands.

"If you talk to Keyshawn (Johnson), he wants the ball in his hands. If you talk
to Warrick, or any of the guys that get the ball in their hands, you want the
ball in your hands. That's the competitiveness.

"You want to make plays and you want the ball in your hands every play," he
said. "That might sound selfish, but that's just being competitive."

Will he use this chance to prove the old Mike Alstott is back?

"The old Mike Alstott hasn't left," he said. "I'm still going to run hard. I'm
going to make the second and third efforts. I'm still going to do what I have to
do to get the job done."

Alstott's trademark as a running back is a bruising style of running over
people, and he says he's ready to get back to that.

"If we run the ball, it's going to be a smash-mouth game," he said. "It's going
to be a power attack."

That doesn't mean the Bucs plan to alter their game plan a great deal, says
Coach Tony Dungy.

"Mike can do a lot of the same things Warrick does. He just does them in a
different way," Dungy said. "Every back that goes back there will be a little
different, but we'll still do the same things."

In passing situations, second-year pro Aaron Stecker will likely be in the
backfield as a receiver out of the back field.

Tackle Jerry Wunsch said from the line's point of view, it doesn't really matter
which running back is back there.

"You can't start blocking differently for any given player," said Wunsch.
"They're making the same reads and doing the same things."

The one knock on Alstott throughout his career has been his tendency to fumble.
Last year, he fumbled three times and lost two.

In one game in 1999 against Kansas City, he lost three fumbles. In another that
same year against Denver, his fumble late in the game gave the Broncos one last
chance at trying to pull out a win. In both cases, the Bucs were able to win.

His fumble last year against the Jets helped them rally from a 17-6 deficit in
the final two minutes.

He said he won't go into Sunday's game thinking about that.

"I'll just do my normal things," he said. "Every person who plays, they (the
opposing defense) are going to go out and try to hit you and make things happen.

"I'm going to be conscious of it and try to protect the ball, but I'm not going
to think every time I go to the line, 'I better hold on to the ball."'

For now, he'll just be happy to have the ball in his hands again.


LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TONY RANZE/The Ledger: With running back Warrick Dunn hurt, Tampa Bay's
Mike Alstott, above, will step up.

             Copyright 2001 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              569 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     December 15, 2000 Friday Final Edition

Bush viewed as 'diminished president' abroad: Other nations fear U.S. may skip
peacekeeping, seek treaty changes and ignore UN

SOURCE: Reuters

BYLINE: Paul Taylor

SECTION: Insight; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 1350 words

DATELINE: LONDON

George W. Bush is likely to be a diminished president on the world stage because
of the disputed manner of his election and he may be inhibited from wielding
U.S. power abroad, European diplomats and analysts say.

The U.S. president-elect takes office with a reputation as a lightweight and the
handicap of a tainted victory.

"Of course, any president speaks with the weight of the United States, the
world's only superpower, but he's bound to be diminished by the question-mark
over his election," a senior west European government official said.

He said Bush would be less inclined to intervene militarily or diplomatically
overseas than outgoing President Bill Clinton.

The Republican candidate, a novice in international affairs, campaigned for a
"realist" foreign policy focused on defending major U.S. interests rather than
"nation-building" and promoting democracy across the world.

He will work with a divided, inwardly focused Congress highly reluctant to
commit U.S. troops abroad.

Some of America's friends and allies shudder privately at the prospect of an
inexperienced Bush under the influence of right-wingers such as fellow
Republican Senator Jesse Helms.

They fear the United States may disengage from peacekeeping commitments, shun
intervention in all but the most serious world crises and seek to cast off the
constraints of multilateral treaties and organizations such as the United
Nations.

European diplomats said they are taking seriously a call by Bush's top national
security adviser, Condoleezza Rice, for U.S. troops to pull out of NATO
peacekeeping forces in the Balkans and leave the task to European allies, even
though Bush reassured them he would not act without consultation.

"Any president would face strong domestic pressure to bring the boys home from
the Balkans," a senior German official said. "But if that is his policy, we
would certainly have a problem."

Bosnia pullout?

Another European diplomat said he expected a Bush administration would try to
negotiate a pullout from the NATO force in Bosnia while keeping a token presence
in Kosovo.

Some analysts argue that former president John F. Kennedy's narrow and
controversial election in 1960 did not prevent him being a respected, activist
leader abroad, facing down the Soviet Union over Cuba and sending military
advisers to Vietnam.

In a crisis, Americans rally behind their president and allies want and respect
a firm lead from Washington, they argue.

In his speech on Thursday night conceding the presidency to Bush, U.S.
Vice-President Al Gore himself said he did not believe the nature of the
election would hamper his rival's ability to serve as president.

Credibility Damaged

"I say to our fellow members of the world community, let no one see this contest
as a sign of American weakness," he said.

Kennedy did not endure weeks of litigation undermining public confidence in his
victory, nor international derision over the perceived failings of the U.S.
electoral system.

Professor Michael Cox, a British expert on U.S. foreign policy, said Bush's
election had been the butt of jokes from Russia to Zimbabwe and Yugoslavia,
damaging his credibility and harming those in Washington who championed the
cause of promoting democracy abroad.

"If the president does not have the authority or the confidence to take
decisions then, quite simply, nothing happens," Cox wrote in the journal The
World Today.

He said that after a rocky start, Clinton had made several decisions that
changed the course of history, taking military action against Serb forces in
Bosnia and Kosovo, enlarging NATO eastwards and working hard for peace in
Northern Ireland.

"To be able to make these decisions, he had to be sure of his own position at
home. Whether the next holder of the office will ever be so secure remains
doubtful," Cox wrote.

Bush said in an interview with Reuters that he would inherit a slowing economy,
could lose control of both houses of Congress in mid-term elections in two
years' time and was likely to be a one-term president.

Another veteran British observer of the U.S. presidency, professor Donald
Cameron Watt, said doubt over Bush's legitimacy was bound to be in the minds of
world leaders who deal with him.

"Potential trouble-makers will be tempted to test him but they would be ill
advised not to take him seriously," he said.

Allies such as Britain would be worried by a mood of neo-isolationism and
unilateralism in the United States that would make Bush more reluctant than
Clinton to commit U.S. troops abroad, Cameron Watt said.

Overly Cautious Bush

"It is unlikely that a Bush regime will pursue an active, interventionist
policy. The cloud over his election will make him even more cautious about any
foreign intervention," he said.

However, some strategic analysts said Bush could at least have a freer hand with
Congress on arms control than his Democratic predecessor, who failed to persuade
the Republican-dominated Senate to ratify a global nuclear test ban.

"You're going to have a Republican Congress that wants to reinforce and support
the president instead of paralysing him, so Bush may be able to take some
sensible, objective security policy decisions," said Terence Taylor, assistant
director of the International Institute of Strategic Studies.

The new president could pursue, with congressional backing, a deal with Russia
on radical cuts in nuclear weapons in exchange for modifying the Anti-Ballistic
Missile treaty to allow for a limited U.S. missile defence, he said.

Russian President Vladimir Putin rejected Clinton's bid this year to renegotiate
the 1972 treaty to enable the United States to deploy a National Missile Defence
against rockets fired by so-called "rogue states," but Russian military
officials have hinted recently that the issue might be negotiable.

But Taylor said the narrowness of the Republicans' margin could make it easier
for individual senators and congressmen to hold the administration to ransom to
advance "pork barrel" special interests in defence spending or foreign affairs.

George W. Bush's victory brought relief on Thursday in Tokyo, where many hope he
will give Japan a more prominent place in the diplomacy of its most powerful
ally.

Japan has felt sidelined by the Clinton administration that pursued closer ties
with China, but also held true for trade -- a common source of friction between
the world's two largest economies.

Damaged Image in Japan

"We are encouraged that president-elect Bush has stressed the significance of
strengthening the Japan-U.S. alliance during his campaign," Japan's Chief
Cabinet Secretary Yasuo Fukuda said.

But the vote-count wrangle that kept Bush from being named victor for so long
damaged the image of the United States in many Japanese eyes and could affect
views of the new president.

"Of course the government will deal with him as usual because he is president
and has that authority," said international affairs analyst Tsutomu Ono.

"But in people's hearts, the question will be 'Is he the real president?' And
this is unlikely to be easily erased."

Pakistan congratulated U.S. president-elect Bush on Thursday and said it looked
forward to working with the new U.S. administration for peace in South Asia.

Pakistan Vs India

President Mohammad Rafiq Tarar and military ruler General Pervez Musharraf, who
uses the title chief executive, sent messages to the new U.S. leader following
confirmation of his victory in the November election, Foreign Minister Abdul
Sattar told Reuters.

Pakistan has worried about growing U.S. interest in India since the Cold War
ended a decade ago. During Washington's confrontation with Moscow, Pakistan was
a close U.S. ally and India had warm ties with the Soviet Union.

U.S.-Pakistan relations have been strained by U.S. anger over Pakistan's nuclear
tests, its alleged military involvement in unrest in Indian-controlled Kashmir,
its backing for the Taliban government in Afghanistan and Musharraf's overthrow
of the elected government 14 months ago.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: AP; President-elect Bush addresses his nation from the Texas
House of Representatives: the world is watching.

TYPE: Analysis

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                       The Times-Journal (Condon, Oregon)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 April 14, 2011

Fossil Findings

BYLINE: The Times-Journal staff

LENGTH: 170  words


In the area last Sunday on a drive from Prineville were Jerry Crafton and Elva
Madden, both former Wheeler County residents.

Finally, a decent day for a drive!

A diminished federal budget will affect some of the services that have been
provided to area residents by CAPECO.

Assistance to the local Food Bank, rental assistance, dental services, support
of community gardens,' help for the homeless, the Low Income Home Energy
Assistance Program and many other services will be greatly diminished if drastic
cuts are made in the federal budget. It may or may not be too late by the time
this goes to print, but residents are urged to contact their federal law makers
about the issue: Sen. Ron Wyden, 223 Dirksen Senate Office Building, Washington,
DC 20510, 202-224-5244; wyden.senate.gov/contact; Sen. Jeff Merkley, 313 Hart
Senate Office Building, Washington, DC 20510, 202-224-3753, merkley. senate.
gov/contact; Rep. Greg Walden, 2182 Rayburn House Office Building, Washington,
DC 20011, 202-225-6730, www.walden.house.gov.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJC

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Journal


                              571 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                            October 29, 1996 Tuesday
                                 Early Edition

The lure of opals and koalas starts to wear off

BYLINE: MELISSA FYFE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 258 words


Stuffed koalas and penguins by the dozen. More opals than you could mine at
Coober Pedy. But not one Japanese tourist.

At the Melbourne Opal Centre in Bourke Street yesterday, the staff were not
surprised at the downturn in Japanese tourists. They have felt it for at least
two years.

"This year has been especially slow and quiet for Japanese tourists coming in,"
said Mrs Julia Xu, 32, one of the 12 staff at the souvenir shop.

Another sales assistant, Ms Akiko Hosohata, 21, said while the popularity of
Australia had not diminished in her country, the Japanese were realising there
were other places to go such as Hawaii and Europe. "The Japanese, they like
brand names . . . like Chanel. They can go to Europe and get them cheaper," she
said.

She said the flight to Australia was expensive and many people could not come.
"Sometimes it is just easier for them to fly to Paris."

The operations manager of the Rialto Observation Deck, Mr David Hayward, said
that although he knew fewer Japanese tourists were visiting Australia, there
were more visiting the Rialto than ever. They expect up to 50,000 to visit the
observation deck this financial year.

Keiichi and Kayoko Morimoto, both 22, arrived in Australia yesterday from Japan
and were sightseeing at Cook's Cottage. Through an interpreter, they told The
Age they had come to Australia to see koalas, kangaroos and dolphins in an
eight-day visit (Melbourne-Sydney-Gold Coast). They said that in Japan,
Australia was very popular and this had not diminished, despite the plane ticket
being expensive.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Ms Akiko Hosohata says the popularity of Australia has not
diminished, but the Japanese are realising there are other places to go.
Picture: Jsaon South

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 1996 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             April 9, 2013 Tuesday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

China's interest on the wane: Gindalbie

BYLINE: SARAH-JANE TASKER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 434  words


RESOURCES: China will today celebrate one of its most successful mining
investments in Australia in recent years, with the official opening of Gindalbie
Metals' Karara iron ore mine.

But outgoing chairman George Jones has warned China's enthusiasm for the
nation's resources has diminished.

Mr Jones, speaking to The Australian on the eve of the official opening of the
$2.57 billion operation in Western Australia, said the environment for
developing projects here continued to be tough and China was looking to other
options.

``The enthusiasm from China has diminished, opportunities have been lost and
wasted and while they will still do things here, there is going to be a lot of
competition from other things they will be looking at,'' he said.

Mr Jones said one of the biggest difficulties affecting Australia's relationship
with China was the way the government conducted itself, echoing similar comments
from industry leaders about Australia needing to be more welcoming to foreign
investment.

Junior miner Gindalbie illustrates the benefit of a solid relationship with
China that started in 2006 when state-owned Ansteel Group approached the
company.

``This was in the early stage of the push by Chinese steel mills to get out into
the market and more directly control some assets,'' Mr Jones said.

``China has been spectacularly unsuccessful (with other projects) and this will
be the first iron ore project in Australia that has produced anything for
them.''

The Gindalbie team hoped that in years to come this project would be seen as a
``turning point'' for the development of the Mid-West region.

It hasn't been an easy ride for the junior to get into production though.

When Gindalbie kicked off its plans with a funding agreement with Ansteel in
April 2006, the mining boom had been under way for about two years.

``The biggest headwind we faced by not getting going then -- we were held up
around four years with environmental approvals -- was when we did kick off, we
were in the full blast of things, getting out of control, cost-wise, for the
construction of these projects,'' Mr Jones said.

The company is now celebrating its historic milestone at a time when the market
is cool on resources, a sentiment not lost on new chairman Keith Jones, who
takes over the top job today.

Mr Jones said global uncertainty was driving negative sentiment towards
resources stocks. ``We have insecurity in Europe, the US is in a stuttering
recovery and Japan has ebbed and flowed, but China has sustained good growth . .
. ``Negative communication around the world on growth plays back into
resources,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2013 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 irishmirror.ie

                        May 1, 2014 Thursday 5:16 PM GMT

Husband accused of murdering his wife claims he killed her when she appeared 'as
an evil apparition';
Ahmed Al-Khatib denies murder, but claims he killed Rania Alayed in self defence
while hallucinating

BYLINE: By Jessica Best

SECTION: NEWS,UK NEWS

LENGTH: 580 words


A man accused of murdering his wife claims he killed her in self defence when
she approached him in the form of an evil apparition, a court has heard.

Ahmed Al-Khatib, 35, says the djinn - an apparition in Muslim beliefs - then
commanded him to bury her body.

Prosecutors say Ahmed Al-Khatib murdered his 25-year-old wife Rania Alayed at
his brother's flat in Salford, before beginning an elaborate deception to
convince her family and friends that she was still alive.

The body of the Syrian-born mum-of-three has still not been found 10 months
after her husband said he buried her between trees near to the A19 in Thirsk,
North Yorkshire.

A jury at Manchester Crown Court has been told that Al-Khatib is claiming a
partial defence of diminished responsibility.

Proseuctor Tony Cross QC said: "The defendant accepts he was responsible for the
death of his wife Rania but he insists it was not his intention to harm his
wife.

"He had been mentally unwell at that time with paranoia manifested in auditory
and visual hallucinations, with a djinn - an evil apparition speaking to the
defendant.

"Immediately prior to the death of his wife the defendant began to see his wife
in the form of a djinn. This vision terrified him and advanced towards him.

"The defendant believed he was going to be killed and pushed her back. His wife
struck her head against a mirror or a piece of furniture and she was rendered
unconscious and then realised she was dead.

"The defendant will say he was acting in self defence in pushing his wife, the
djinn, away. There had been several occasions when he had seen his wife as a
djinn.

"He said he was commanded to bury her. He dug a grave between some trees and
buried her not far from the dual carriageway.

But he added: "The prosecution do not accept that the defendant's mental
responsibility was diminished at all."

Mr Cross said that the defendant had been seen by a number of psychiatrists and
reports were submitted about his behaviour.

A prosecution expert pointed out "concerns whether the actions of the defendant
are simply being made up", Mr Cross said.

At that point the defendant lunged forward from his seat in the dock and put his
hands around the neck of an interpreter.

He had to be physically restrained by guards and the trial was temporarily
halted until after lunch.

On the opening day of the trial the proceedings were delayed when Al-Khatib
began banging his head against the glass of the dock.

He is said to have lured his Ms Alayed to her death on the pretence that his
estranged wife would drop off their children at the home of his brother Muhaned
Al-Khatib, 38, on June 7 last year to spend the weekend with him.

Her brother-in-law left the address with the children some 45 minutes later and
shortly after her husband walked out wearing her clothing, including jeans and
headscarf.

Ms Alayed's body was in a suitcase which was later moved to Muhaned Al-Khatib's
motorhome that travelled towards the North East in the early hours of the next
day.

The prosecution say the marriage was "marred by violence" from Ahmed Al-Khatib
and that Ms Alayed had left him after years of serious domestic abuse.

Ahmed Al-Khatib, from Knutsford Road, Gorton, and Muhaned Al-Khatib, of Arthur
Millwood Court, Salford, both deny murder but pleaded guilty to intending to
pervert the course of justice by transporting and concealing the body of Ms
Alayed.

A third brother, Hussain Al-Khatib, 34, of Knutsford Road, Gorton, denies the
latter charge.

The trial continues.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBMGNIRIS


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           October 14, 1993 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TENNIS FAN WHO STABBED SELES GOES FREE

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 253 words

DATELINE: HAMBURG, GERMANY


A tennis fan who stabbed Monica Seles out of an obsessive love for her rival,
Steffi Graf, walked away free Wednesday after a court convicted him but gave him
a suspended two-year sentence.

Guenter Parche, 39, an unemployed east German who had been detained since the
April 30 attack at a Hamburg tournament, could have received a three-year,
nine-month jail term.

But Hamburg District Judge Elke Bosse said she took into account a
psychiatrist's testimony that Parche has a `highly abnormal personality'' that
could have diminished his ability to reason.

She noted that Parche had shown remorse for his attack on the world's top-ranked
female player, and that ``his confession was absolutely believable.''

Seles' attorney, Gerhard Strate, said he probably would appeal.

Parche plunged a kitchen knife into Seles' back while she sat at courtside
between games, saying he hoped to sideline her long enough to allow Graf to
regain the top ranking which she did.

Seles, 19, a Yugoslavia native who lives in Sarasota, has not played competitive
tennis since sustaining the half-inch-deep wound and has dropped to No. 4 in the
world. She says she hopes to resume her career in January in Australia.

Graf, a 24-year-old German, has reclaimed the top spot. She has apologized to
Seles for the attack.

Parche was tried and convicted on a charge of causing grievous bodily harm,
which normally carries a maximum sentence of five years in prison. Parche could
have received only three-quarters of that because of diminished responsibility.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Ran all editions.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 1993 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Western Mail

                           November 26, 2016 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'UK has been diminished in eyes of world since Brexit'

BYLINE: Ruth Mosalski

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4,5

LENGTH: 1030 words


BREXIT has already weakened Britain's reputation in the world, according to BBC
stalwart John Simpson.

The corporation's veteran world affairs editor, speaking ahead of a lecture in
Cardiff, said that so many "untruths" were told during the Brexit debate, it was
impossible for people to properly understand the issues.

Since Brexit and the election of Donald Trump as the next president of the US,
he said both countries will suffer from a "diminished" reputation across the
world.

"People were able, and I have to say it was on both sides, people told the most
amazing lies.

"They're still doing it. We have seem to have got a kind of dislocation between
truth and fiction. Which I really find very it very disturbing."

The correspondent, who has reported from 120 countries during his career, said
the situations Britain and America now find themselves in is "disturbing" and
"worrying".

He said that before Brexit, politicians would have been held to account for
comments made which proved to be false.

Simpson singled out Foreign Secretary Boris Johnson for telling a Czech
newspaper it was a "myth" that freedom of movement was always a fundamental
principle of the EU.

"You have only got to read some of the opening paragraphs of the treaty of Rome
in 1957 to see it's right. I can't help feeling that 20 or 30 years ago if a
foreign secretary said something as egregiously wrong as that, he or she would
probably, well certainly, feel a necessity to apologise on the record, but also
it would weaken him or her."

He said the election of Donald Trump will also affect the country's standing.

"There's absolutely no doubt in my mind that America in particular is now going
to be a country which people have lost respect for.

"You can't have a president with that kind of approach to the world who's going
to be respected anywhere other than by the people who elected him.

"When you think about Kennedy or even when you think about Bill Clinton to some
extent, or when you think about Barack Obama, how much support there was for
them in the world in general, that support simply won't be there? "America will
be seen to be diminished in my view.

"For what it's worth, in my view, America is already diminished in the world and
this vote will really enhance that.

"It will make people think they have evidence of it."

He said that as both countries face financial challenges, the position will slip
further.

"Your country's position is really decided by your economic strength and I think
people are going to say the same thing about a Britain, which is so cut down in
terms of its wealth and income.

"I don't want to make a judgement either way about the likely outcome of Brexit,
for or against, but what I do think is really really disturbing thing for our
society and our politics is the kind of weakening of the system which came with
the Brexit debate, both for and against.

"That whole sense in which truth just simply became something that you knocked
around in order to make a better point for yourself.

"You could make promises or give warnings which didn't necessarily have any
truth behind them and which in the longer run meant absolutely nothing. People
bought that.

"It's fine for politicians to take that kind of approach, but for the British
people to simply buy these things sight unseen, I've really found that quite
disturbing.

"All my life, British voters seem to have been really sensible and balanced and
it was as though during the debate - and I have to say it was both sides -
people threw that balance away. It's a different country now from what it was.

"Leaving aside the awful murder of Jo Cox - which wouldn't have happened I
suspect if we hadn't had this debate and it hadn't been allowed to get so wild
and crazy - leaving all that aside, I think we're a diminished country and I
think across the world we will be seen as a diminished country as a result of
simply regurgitating all these different claims and falsities.

"So many lies were told and there was no real check on it."

Mr Simpson, who has worked for the BBC since 1970, said the lack of checks made
on promises during the campaign caused him "anxiety".

"You get sheer, sheer, untruths fired away at you and nobody knows what is
correct and which isn't.

"We have got access to everything, or just about, and we can't - our minds don't
seem to be able to take it in.

"Therefore, what you do is that you start to forget where you heard these
things. It's like rumour. You can't remember the sort of background of these
stories.

"We saw this in the States with Obama, all the stuff about the birth controversy
and you know the accusations about Hillary against being the kind of mainspring
of Isis and the chief supplier.

"You and I know might know that's not true but it's the kind of stuff that
sticks in people's minds. They all find it hard to remember where it came from
and how much credence they can put into it, but that's really worrying."

He said that the role of the press in holding politicians to account has also
change.

"Journalism generally has lost the authority it once had.

"It has never been highly regarded and rightly, but people did feel they could
believe what was said in the newspapers because they assumed that it if it was
wrong somebody would change it. That hasn't been the case. Organisations which
were obliged by law to be balanced and not to take sides, like all the
broadcasters, that business of balance just simply led to 'on the one hand, on
the other'."

"It is a worrying time and what I wanted to do really was to kind of work out,
more for myself, what journalists, what real journalists - I've decided to be
aggressive about it - what journalists should do when there's so much lying and
so much kind of phoneyness going around, how do we behave, how do we regard, do
we panic, do we start thinking of alternative strategies and things.

"Christiane Amanpour, who's a really good friend of mine, is moving away from
the balance idea and towards what she says is truth telling. That's fine but we
have got to put a hell of a lot of faith in the truth teller."

¦ "We Chose to Speak of War and Strife: The World of the Foreign Correspondent"
by John Simpson is out now » More: Pages 6&7

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Boris: 'No apology for falsities'Trump: 'Weakened respect for USA''All
my life, British voters seem to have been really sensible and balanced and it
was as though during the Brexit debate people on both sides threw that balance
away' - John Simpson

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WWM


                    Copyright 2016 Western Mail and Echo Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 31, 1995, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Teachers and Officials Say Layoff Threat Has Diminished

BYLINE: By JACQUES STEINBERG

SECTION: Section B;  Page 8;  Column 3;  Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 708 words


The prospect of teacher layoffs this fall has diminished considerably, officials
from the the New York City Board of Education, the Mayor's office and the
teachers' union agreed after a meeting yesterday, although they said a solution
to the school system's budget problems was still unresolved.

The apparent 11th-hour thaw, less than a week before the opening of school,
followed months of dire predictions by the board that it would need to lay off
1,000 or more teachers to meet budget cuts of $230 million imposed by the
Giuliani administration, although the teachers' union and the city had reached a
side agreement pledging that there would be no layoffs.

While board officials refused yesterday to rule out some layoffs in
mid-September, they predicted that there would be far fewer surplus teachers
than they had originally anticipated and promised that they would find
assignments for as many as possible.

For parents and students, yesterday's meeting appeared to lessen the potential
for chaos on Wednesday, when the high schools reopen, and on Thursday, when
elementary and junior high students report to class. But with perhaps hundreds
of teachers set to start school without permanent assignments, the possibility
of confusion still loomed.

The problem of school staffing has come down to the wire because of a
complicated set of circumstances. They include school administrators' difficulty
in meeting the Mayor's budget cuts without cutting teaching positions, the
likelihood that more than 3,100 teachers will leave the system through an early
retirement program before school starts, and an influx of more than 20,000 new
students.

As recently as Friday board officials predicted that perhaps 1,000 unlicensed
teachers might have to be laid off to close the budget gap. But since then -- as
the board has received detailed spending plans from administrators of the
elementary schools, middle schools and high schools -- a more detailed picture
of the staffing needs has emerged, said a board spokesman, John H. Beckman.

"We all believe, based on this meeting, that the process may be a manageable one
and that the prospect exists for averting layoffs," Mr. Beckman said.

But what remained unclear yesterday was precisely how many teaching vacancies
the board had to fill -- because of retirements and the increase in student
enrollment -- and how many excess teachers were available. It was equally
unclear how the board planned to meet its budget cuts without layoffs. Last
year, about 65,000 teachers taught in the school system.

On Tuesday, board officials said they had hired 3,000 new, licensed teachers
who, because of civil service regulations, might displace unlicensed teachers
who worked in the system last year on a temporary basis.

But yesterday Mr. Beckman said those numbers had changed: while 3,000 licensed
applicants had been offered jobs, only 1,400 had accepted. Since the board plans
to replace many of the 3,100 teachers who left the system this summer through
the early retirement program, it appeared likely yesterday that the new teachers
could be absorbed without bumping any other teachers.

The board is now engaged in a game of musical chairs, trying to match the new
teachers, as well as the teachers cut from districts for budgetary reasons, to
districts which may have vacancies in those teachers' specialty areas.

In separate news conferences after yesterday's meeting, officials from the
administration of Mayor Rudolph W. Giuliani and the United Federation of
Teachers expressed confidence that, when the dust settled, virtually every
teacher would have an assignment.

"The practical result," said Randy L. Levine, the Mayor's Labor Commissioner,
"looks like there ain't going to be any need for any layoffs."

Sandra Feldman, the president of the teachers' union, echoed those comments.
"The board agreed at this meeting that we would be at a point where there would
be no layoffs," she said.

But in a telephone interview later from board headquarters in Brooklyn, Mr.
Beckman was more cautious. While saying that the meeting had been "productive"
and "significant," he emphasized that board officials "did not agree or make any
commitment to no layoffs."

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              577 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             August 3, 2010 Tuesday

Weak response may produce higher bid for Casey's

BYLINE: by Michael Rudnick

LENGTH: 536 words


Casey's General Stores Inc.'s $500 million Dutch auction launched last week
appears to have thrown a wrench in Alimentation Couche-Tard Inc.'s plans to
acquire the company as shareholder response to its recently increased $36.75
takeout offer has diminished.

Casey's said late Monday that roughly 12% of its shareholders have so far
tendered into Couche-Tard's offer, which was concurrently extended to Aug. 30
from Aug. 6. The tender response was down from the roughly 19% that had tendered
before the Montreal-based convenience store operator raised its bid late last
month.

Some sources chalked up the diminished shareholder interest in the Couche-Tard
tender to Casey's topping Dutch tender for 25% of its shares, at $38 to $40 per
share. The Canadian bidder likely must boost its offer to at least $40 to bring
Casey's management to the table.

"The low - and declining - number of shares tendered clearly demonstrates that
Casey's shareholders do not support Couche-Tard's inadequate, highly conditional
$36.75 offer," Casey's stated.

BMO Capital Markets Corp. analyst Karen Short asked, "Why would you ever
consider the Couche-Tard bid, if you have the option to get $38 to $40?" She
added that "if Couche-Tarde is serious it is going to have to be above $40 right
now."

Casey's shareholders echoed this sentiment as its stock ticked up about 1.08% to
close at $38.47 Tuesday, its highest close in three months and a 4.7% negative
spread to the Couche-Tard bid.

A risk arbitrageur said the stock uptick is likely due to Couche-Tard's tender
offer extension. "The extension indicates to me that Couche-Tard is not done."
He agreed that the bidder would not likely succeed with anything below $40 per
share. "It sets the floor on any negotiations with Couche." However, the arb
pointed out that Couche-Tard sold off its 3.9% Casey's stake at $38.43 per share
when it announced plans for a $36 per share tender in April. A selloff at that
level raises questions as to whether Couche-Tard would buy the company at the
$40 per share that Casey's board believes it is worth.

Couche-Tard and Casey's officials declined to comment.

A successful Couche-Tard tender would not result in a Casey's sale since the
company has a poison pill in place, but it could push management to negotiate
with Couche-Tard. It would also indicate that shareholders may vote for the full
slate of directors Couche-Tard plans to nominate at Casey's Sept. 23 annual
meeting.

The arb said the Dutch tender was likely a defensive move by the board and
management as the director vote approaches. The move helps to ensure that "going
into the annual meeting that management is seen in a good light by
shareholders," he said.

A source familiar with the situation argued that the Dutch tender represents an
admission by Ankeny, Iowa-based Casey's that other potential bidders for the
company do not exist. The arb and BMO Capital's Short agreed that a competing
strategic buyer is unlikely.

However, Short said Casey's is likely not aggressively seeking competing bidders
as "I would think Casey's would want to remain public ... they've demonstrated a
clean track record of generating shareholder value - they're not broken."

DEAL SIZE

$ 1-10 Billion

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2010 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              578 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 12, 2010 Friday

Brown attorneys hope to suppress his confession

BYLINE: By BOB AUDETTE

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1065 words


Saturday March 13, 2010

BRATTLEBORO -- Attorneys for a man accused of second-degree murder in the death
of his 2-month-old daughter in 2008 hope to use a defense of diminished capacity
if his case proceeds to trial.

In addition, Joseph Brown s lawyers contended that his Fifth and 14th Amendment
rights and Article 10 of the Vermont Constitution were violated by police during
questioning.

To use the diminished capacity defense, Public Defenders Kevin Griffin and Mimi
Brill hope to prove Brown, 24, of Newfane, was a victim of child abuse and
neglect in the first 16 months of his own life.

In addition to the documents related to his transfer to foster care, they also
want access to any reports documenting any therapy he received to deal with his
abuse and neglect.

To do so, his attorneys have requested all documents from the Department of
Children and Families related to Brown being placed in foster care and the
termination of his biological parents  parental rights.

Brown has been accused of the blunt-force-trauma death of his daughter on Sept.
20, 2008.

Autumn Page Brown was pronounced dead at 1:55 p.m. on Sept. 20, after her
parents brought her to Grace Cottage Hospital.

According to the medical examiner, the infant was the victim of blunt impacts to
the skull, scalp contusions, skull fractures, subdural hemorrhaging, torso
injuries and fractured ribs.

The office of the Vermont Attorney General filed a motion to quash the request
for the documents.

In her motion to quash, Assistant Attorney General Jody Racht wrote that DCF
records are confidential and privileged.

A defendant doesn t have the right to request confidential records in their
entirety, especially if they contain information related to his or her siblings,
parents and other individuals, wrote Racht.

If the court does rule that Brown s attorneys can have access the records, she
wrote, it should examine them in chambers and not in an open court to determine
what records are relevant to the case at hand.

Following the examination, the state should be allowed to argue whether any of
those documents should be released, wrote Racht.

Brown s attorneys are also hoping to suppress the statements he made during the
police investigation into his daughter s death.

In documents filed at Windham District Court, Griffin and Brill contended that
during Brown s initial interrogation, police did not read him his Miranda rights
or his public defender rights.

"While he was led to believe that he was free to come and go, at no point was he
in fact free to leave once the officers arrived on the scene," they wrote.

The 1 1/2-hour questioning "began benignly enough," wrote Griffin and Bell, "but
within 25 minutes ... the tone and intensity ... changed dramatically."

In the audio recording of the interrogation, State Police Detective Sgt. Rick
Holden became very aggressive, saying Brown was starting to "piss him off,"
according to the motion to suppress.

Even though Brown told Holden and Detective Sgt. John Hagen he had nothing more
to say the questioning continued without break, wrote Griffin and Brill.

Holden responded "OK, cause she s got a frigging skull fracture ... So don t sit
there and look at me and pretend like you didn t do anything ... Now I m giving
you one more opportunity here to tell me what happened ..."

"Tough, psychological pressure was placed on (Brown) ..." wrote his attorneys.
"The questioning was relentless."

In light of these facts, wrote Griffin and Brill, the court should find that
Brown s statements were involuntary and his requests to end the interrogation
were ignored and only after he was arrested was he read his Miranda and Public
Defender Rights, they wrote, which he waived.

The waiver was followed by a second round of questioning.

The decision on whether his Fifth Amendment rights were infringed upon might
hinge on whether the court rules if Brown was in custody or not during his first
interrogation.

"Had he attempted to leave ... his formal arrest would have followed
immediately," wrote Griffin and Bell, which means he was in formal custody.

Even if the court finds that Brown s Constitutional rights were not violated, it
should find that his statements were involuntary.

"(The detectives) used subtle psychological tactics, learned through training
and experience ... on an unsophisticated and emotionally challenged individual,"
wrote his attorneys.

In her opposition to suppress Brown s statements, Windham County State s
Attorney Tracy Shriver wrote that prior to his first interrogation, he was told
by the detectives that he was free to take a break in the conversation, take a
walk or smoke a cigarette.

At the end of the conversation, Brown and the detectives "parted company (and
Brown) was left to roam around the hospital ..." she wrote.

His first interrogation began shortly thereafter.

Even though Brown told the detectives two times that he had nothing more to say,
"he went on to admit that, at least 10 times, he put his finger over (his
daughter s) windpipe," wrote Shriver.

Shriver also wrote that there was no violation of Brown s Miranda rights because
he was not in custody during the first interview.

To be in custody, she wrote, a suspect must be formally arrested or have his or
her movement restrained. A suspect must also be held incommunicado in a
police-dominated atmosphere, she wrote, which the hospital was not.

"A defendant s subjective belief about custody is irrelevant," wrote Shriver.
"Further, defendant was not arrested, he was not placed in handcuffs, he was not
told he was in custody, and he was not threatened by police."

In addition, she wrote, "that s all I have to say" was not a request to end
questioning, it was "a comment on the details he had already provided ... it was
not an end to the conversation ... the defendant did not get up, the defendant
did not walk away."

Brown is also smart enough to understand his rights and "was able to comprehend
what (the detectives) were saying to him," wrote Shriver.

Tactics used by the detectives did not result in an involuntary confession, she
contended, because they did not use any physical or psychological pressure to
get him to confess to his daughter s death.

In any case, methods used by the detectives have been approved by the Vermont
Supreme Court, wrote Shriver.

A hearing is scheduled for March 18.

Bob Audette can be reached at raudette@reformer.com , or at 802-254-2311, ext.
273.

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              579 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Kerrville Daily Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 17, 2010 Friday

True Texas Christmas

BYLINE: Christina Knott, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 570 words


Dec. 17--LUCKENBACH -- Christmas in Texas isn't just ribbons and bows. It's also
spurs, boots and country music.

At least, that's what they believe in Luckenbach -- home of one of the oldest
settlements in Gillespie County and favorite stage of Western performing artists
throughout the state, including country music legend Gary B. Nunn.

Nunn will show "what he likes" about Texas in concert at the Luckenbach
Christmas Ball at 9 p.m. Saturday at the Luckenbach Dancehall, 412 Luckenbach
Town Loop in Luckenbach.

With his 40 years of performing his Texas tunes, the singer/songwriter is known
for songs including "What I Like About Texas," "London Homesick Blues (Home With
the Armadillo)" and "Guadalupe Days."

Nunn's website describes him as "a founding father of the progressive country
movement" that came out of Austin in the 1970s. He was inducted into the Texas
Hall of Fame in 2004 and honored by Gov. Rick Perry as "The Music Ambassador of
Texas" in 2007.

The Luckenbach Dancehall has hosted Nunn on several occasions, according to
office manager Barbara Mann, along with other greats in the industry.

The dance hall was built in 1882, and since then, everyone from Jerry Jeff
Walker to Willie Nelson has performed in the town that has an official
population of three.

"We're still using that dance hall," Mann said. "It's got a wooden floor and
it's probably the best one around."

The dance hall isn't the only part of town with a history.

The town was established as a trading post in 1849, catering to pioneer farmers
and the Comanche tribe of American Indians in the Hill Country.

However, the need for trading posts diminished throughout the 20th century. The
population reached a high of 492 in 1904, but had diminished to nearly a ghost
town by the 1960s.

In 1970, retired postmaster Benno Engel placed an ad in the local paper offering
the town for sale. That's when Hondo Crouch, along with friends Guich Koock and
Kathy Morgan, bought the town and transformed Luckenbach into what it is today.

Crouch imagined the town as an "Old West fairy-tale-like principality,"
according to the Luckenbach town website. He appointed himself mayor and
assigned titles out to friends.

Crouch imagined a place where friends could meet daily for dominoes,
guitar-picking or beer drinking beneath the town's 500-year-old oaks. He also
scheduled diversions such as the Luckenbach World's Fair and Mud Dauber
Festival.

Though Crouch died in 1976, Luckenbach has continued as a haven for Texas whimsy
and music, where "everybody's somebody," according to the town motto.

Luckenbach has hosted visitors not just from Texas but throughout the nation and
from several other countries. The dance hall hosts approximately 50 private
parties, along with regular music performances and other celebrations,
throughout the year.

"We're comfortable," Mann said. "You don't have to dress up. Just show up in
boots and jeans."

Tickets to the Luckenbach Christmas Ball are $20 in advance or $25 at the door.

For advance tickets or for more information, call 830-997-3224 or visit
www.luckenbachtexas.com.

To see more of the Kerrville Daily Times or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.dailytimes.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, Kerrville Daily Times, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101217-KF-True-Texas-Christmas-1217-20101217

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KF


                      Copyright 2010 Kerrville Daily Times


                              580 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           December 15, 2002, Sunday

RICHTER CLASS ALL THE WAY

BYLINE: LARRY BROOKS

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 086

LENGTH: 677 words


TORONTO - It goes without saying that whether next year, the year after or the
year after that one, No. 35 will be raised to the Garden distinctive ceiling,
does it not? No one has to wonder whether Tommy Salo or someone will phone Mike
Richter someday asking for permission to wear his number, does one?

The scorecard the last five-plus years now reads five years out of the playoffs,
plus four season-ending injuries. Unthinkable. Inexplicable. After the third
year out, Richter was talking to me on the phone. He was excited about the
prospect of Mark Messier returning the next season. He was desperate to get back
into the league's elite, desperate to do it by being on an elite Ranger team,
again.

"I know my career has been diminished by not being in the playoffs three
straight years," he said then. He said the same thing (adding two years) this
summer when he re-signed at a pay cut with the Rangers when he received no other
offers in four days as a free agent.

Richter was right both times. His career has been diminished. Everyone who has
been a substantial part of these last five-plus seasons is professionally
diminished for it. Let's not kid anyone. Despite everyone's best intentions, the
Rangers have been a colossal failure since Messier's 1997 exit to Vancouver.
Nothing has really been right since. It's a quagmire here, all right.

Even at his lowest moments - notably so, even - Richter has been a model of
grace; a credit to his franchise and to this city. He has been an exemplary,
giving teammate; a Hall of Famer. No one would have wished this on him. But
there is no question he will confront the challenge with every fiber of his
being, and with the encouragement of his family and friends.

No one can know whether Richter will play again. But if he cannot, it won't be
for lack of desire. It's his brain that has been wounded, not his heart.

*

Once Glen Sather had decided to pass on signing Byron Dafoe or previously
trading for Jeff Hackett or Fred Brathwaite, the deal for Mike Dunham became
absolutely necessary. This is a very good NHL goaltender; a worthy No. 1 and
partner for Dan Blackburn. With the Rangers not only in no position to allow the
season to combust by Christmas, but also in no position to ruin their teenaged
goaltender, the move became essential to maintaining the club's credibility.

The consensus within the Ranger organization is that Tomas Kloucek hasn't been
the same player since, not his May 2001 knee reconstruction, but rather since
having his nose broken by an Alexei Yashin punch (while being held immobile from
behind) in a Feb. 9 brawl against the Islanders at the Garden five minutes after
he'd charged Mike Peca.

Kloucek, just two years ago considered an organizational jewel, has already
suffered a concussion this season, not the first of his career, and really, who
knows on that? But this much is clear: The Rangers mishandled his career,
undermining his confidence, making him sit for games on end behind Igor Ulanov,
of all personages, and after rushing him back from major surgery, no less. They
mishandled his career in much the same way they mishandled Manny Malhotra.

The way they better not be doing with Jamie Lundmark.

*

If less is more, how much less can it get with ESPN's commitment to the NHL?
Though NHL2Night has never attained the same standard of excellence as Baseball
Tonight, it did provide a 30-minute window into the league around five nights a
week. Now, though, it appears NHL2Night will appear only on nights ESPN2 carries
an NHL game, or about as frequently as Joe Nieuwendyk and Patrik Elias score
goals for the Devils.

*

Finally, is there any question whatsoever that Martin Brodeur is the most
indispensable player in the league? In this Hart early election season, Brodeur
has won both the Iowa caucus and the New Hampshire primary, with Marian Gaborik
playing the role of Mo Udall.


LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TOUGH ACT TO FOLLOW: Mike Richter handled all the ups and downs of his
career with equal dignity, Larry Brooks says.Associated Press

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              581 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             April 2, 2011 Saturday

Education;
For kids, 'we are a tale of two cities';
Data will 'deepen understanding of how poverty affects opportunities'

BYLINE: Topher Sanders

SECTION: Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 740 words


A new report detailing the neighborhood, academic and health opportunities for
Jacksonville's children confirms many known trends and highlights a growing area
of need on the Westside.

According to the report, 60 percent of Jacksonville's African-American children
live in lower opportunity communities, whereas 68 percent of white children, 68
percent of Asian children and 62 percent of Hispanic children live in
higher-opportunity communities.

The research was commissioned by the Jacksonville Children's Commission but paid
for by The Jessie Ball duPont Fund. Ohio State University's Kirwan Institute for
the Study of Race and Ethnicity produced the report, called "Mapping Child
Well-Being in Duval County, FL."

The report contains 64 maps of Jacksonville and areas of Jacksonville, each
focusing on a different issue affecting children. Researchers evaluated 24
factors to develop the maps that examine such issues as asthma rates and cancer
rates among children, employment, grade promotion rates and home ownership.

Almost half of the report's maps focus on children's health care.

"For kids, you see all of these factors playing on your neighborhood," said
Samir Gambhir, a senior research associate with the Kirwan Institute. "And we
believe that all these different factors have a profound impact on the
individual."

Gambhir and his colleagues used a scoring formula to determine very high, high,
moderate, low or very low opportunities.

"We want to look at it from a holistic perspective so we approach it that way,"
he said.

Most of the 24 factors evaluated in the report came from data within the past
few years. However, researchers did use the 2000 census for the neighborhood
poverty rate and the population on public assistance because that was the most
current data available. Foreclosure data in the report go through June 2008, but
those figures rose significantly in 2009.

Linda Lanier, executive director of the Children's Commission, said the report
would deepen the community's understanding of how poverty impacts children's
opportunities.

"It is very clear that we are a tale of two cities," Lanier said. "We've always
known that but this paints a full multi-colored picture of that. If you live on
the east side of the St. Johns River, chances are your life is going to be
pretty good. If you live north or west of the St. Johns River, as a child you
have diminished opportunity."

One of the report's key findings is that opportunities for success and health
for children on the Jacksonville's Westside have diminished over the past 15
years.

Lanier attributed the decline to the economy.

"I think people have lost jobs [and] houses are getting foreclosed," she said.

Lanier noted that the commission's focus has been to support programs in and
around Title I schools, which are designated as poor by the government and are
primarily on the Northside.

If the commission's budget were growing, the organization would focus more on
the Westside, but the body is facing smaller budgets and plans on reducing
offerings throughout the entire city, Lanier said.

SafeHouse of Jacksonville's pastor, Joseph Howell, said he has seen the
increasing need for services aimed at children on the Westside, where his
organization serves families.

Howell said there are children on the Westside growing up in environments with
drugs and alcohol and they lose their focus along the way.

"And instead of being focused on something positive they go in a negative way
and then usually they end up in jail or prison," Howell said.

Mark Constantine, duPont vice president for strategy, policy and learning, said
he hopes philanthropists and organizations interested in improving children's
lives use the report to inform their programs and interventions.

Constantine also said the report shows the Children's Commission has helped
improve the lives of children in the communities it has served.

PeDro Cohen, director of Edward Waters College's New Town Success Zone, said the
report provided new information on the level of poverty in the community and the
number of children in poverty. The report contains several maps focused on the
New Town area.

The report shows that the median annual income in one portion of New Town was
less than $14,200 and that 62 percent of the children in another portion of New
Town are living in poverty.

Cohen said he would use to report to underscore the continued need for the New
Town program.

Topher Sanders: (904) 359-4169

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                              582 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Guest Column;
Rauner's pension bill offers no new solutions

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 715 words


You have to wonder what it'll take to break Illinois decision makers in both
parties from their obsession with proposing benefit cuts to reduce the state's
huge $111 billion unfunded pension liability.

If only the Illinois Constitution had a provision containing unambiguous
language to provide guidance on the subject.

Oh wait, it does.

Article XIII, Section 5, of the Illinois Constitution expressly provides that
retirement benefits of public sector workers "shall not be diminished or
impaired." No apparent wiggle room there.

Ah, but this is Illinois, and we have a Supreme Court that's elected. Given
those two realities, surely some well-placed "insiders" could convince a
majority of the court to ignore the rule of law and find some rationale for
allowing state government to evade the constitutional prohibition against
benefits cuts.

After all, that's how things get done in this state.

As it turns out, that won't fly either. In a decision that's barely 2 months
old, the Illinois Supreme Court ruled unanimously that Public Act 98-599, which
passed in 2013 and cut public worker retirement benefits to reduce the state's
unfunded pension liability, is unconstitutional.

In that decision, the court emphasized that Article XIII, Section 5, means
"precisely what it says" and its "plain language" demands that in no instance
shall public-sector retirement benefits be "diminished or impaired."

Given that, one might think Springfield would finally focus on pension funding
solutions that don't feature benefit cuts. And one would be wrong.

Gov. Bruce Rauner, following the path blazed by former Gov. Pat Quinn and the
bipartisan group of legislators who passed PA 98-599 into law, just proposed a
500-page "pension reform" bill that -- you guessed it -- relies on
unconstitutional benefit cuts to reduce the unfunded liability.

Isn't it time for a better approach -- one that's both unquestionably
constitutional and effectively resolves the unfunded liability once and for all?
Crafting such a solution isn't even difficult. It merely requires decision
makers to redress what actually caused the unfunded liability -- and to use
math.

Fortunately, the data make identifying the cause of the underfunding quite
facile. Illinois built this outsized liability over decades by borrowing against
what was owed to the pension funds, effectively using the retirement systems
like a credit card, to subsidize the cost of providing public services.

Wait a minute, you say. Shouldn't state government pay for current services with
current tax revenue, not money borrowed from the pensions? Why, yes, it should.
Unfortunately, Illinois tax policy is so antiquated and flawed in design that
for generations, revenue growth hasn't been sufficient to maintain service
levels from one year to the next, adjusting solely for inflation.

So to dodge the need to raise more tax revenue while simultaneously avoiding
huge cuts to education, health care, social services and public safety (where
more than 90 percent of service spending goes), politicians in both parties
chose to borrow against the pensions. This irresponsible fiscal practice
generated tangible political benefits by allowing constituents to consume public
services without paying the full cost thereof in taxes, which in turn kept taxes
artificially low.

Decision makers grew so fond of this boondoggle they codified it in the 1995
"pension ramp" legislation. That law detailed an amortization schedule for
repaying the debt borrowed from the pensions.

Unfortunately, the repayment plan it created was so backloaded that it required
future annual payments that were both unrealistic and unaffordable.

The future is now, which brings in the part of the solution based on math:
resolving this problem -- constitutionally -- requires both reamortizing what's
owed to the pension systems, as well as modernizing tax policy to raise enough
additional revenue to sustain adequate investments in current services and repay
what's been borrowed from the pension systems.

And while that's the truth, it's a truth politicians have to date avoided by all
means possible, including some that are unconstitutional.

-- Ralph Martire is executive director of the Center for Tax and Budget
Accountability, a bipartisan fiscal policy think tank in Chicago.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              583 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 26, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

THE OUTSIDER;
Following Thoreau Away From Anxiety

BYLINE:  By JAMES GORMAN

SECTION: Section E; Part 2; Column 1; Leisure/Weekend Desk; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 1371 words


The day was bright and breezy, and the news was all anthrax, all the time. I had
planned to park myself on a beach on the South Shore of Long Island and watch
the behavior of gulls, but at the last minute I changed my mind. I didn't want
to do anything stationary. I wanted to move. So I opened my hiking guidebook,
picked out a good destination and took off.

There are more ways than I can think of to enjoy the outdoors. You can study the
life cycles of salamanders, master that difficult kayak stroke, figure out how
to make a photograph that will capture the autumn light on an oak leaf. Or you
can take the minimalist approach and go for a walk. No equipment is needed, no
expertise and no precise plan. The walk can be long or short, rugged or flat.
You can find paths reachable by car, train or bus; in woods, by canals, around
lakes. You can swing your arms, kick the leaves and breathe deeply without
worrying about the ventilation system.

Thoreau wrote an essay, "Walking," in which he spoke for the value of "absolute
freedom and wildness." Reading Thoreau always gives me the sense of living in a
diminished world and being somewhat diminished myself. But then he does get
rather full of himself and the ideal path in life. Sometimes he makes you want
to shout: "Henry! What about the rest of us?"

For instance, he writes that every walk has to be undertaken in the spirit of
adventure. "If you are ready to leave father and mother, and brother and sister,
and wife and child and friends, and never see them again -- if you have paid
your debts, and made your will, and settled all your affairs, and are a free man
-- then you are ready for a walk."

I understand that he is speaking about freeing one's spirit. But in this case I
think he's wrong. It is precisely when you have debts, worries, affairs, family,
friends and the responsibilities of work (and in addition are now terrified to
open your mail), "then you are ready for a walk."

Thoreau, however, spoke from a situation in life different from that of most
people then or now. He had a level of personal freedom extraordinary for any
time. He wrote, "I think that I cannot preserve my health and spirits, unless I
spend four hours a day at least -- and it is commonly more than that --
sauntering through the woods and over the hills and fields, absolutely free from
all worldly engagements." Not an hour at the gym, not a half-hour power walk --
four solid hours.

It makes you want just to lie down and nap. But Thoreau did get it right on the
essentials, on the absolute value of the natural world to maintaining sanity and
humanity, and he certainly knew the difference between exercise and living.
"When we walk," he wrote, "we naturally go to the fields and woods: what would
become of us, if we walked only in a garden or a mall?"

I went to the fields and woods of Minnewaska State Park Preserve in New Paltz,
N.Y., on the Shawangunk Mountain ridge. The preserve, which was once private
land with resort hotels, includes almost 12,000 acres.

Part of the park, right around Lake Minnewaska, was added only about 15 years
ago, after a struggle over new development. The preserve has a well-marked trail
system, with both gravel carriage paths and rocky hiking trails. You can spend a
half-hour or a day, stroll or stride, spread out lunch on a picnic table or eat
on a rock ledge where hawks and vultures soar at eye level. It doesn't have
quite the wildness that Thoreau sought, but it has a touch of the wild, and it's
exactly the kind of spot that invites a spontaneous afternoon trip.

When I arrived at Minnewaska at about noon, I still hadn't decided which trails
to take. I have a running conversation with a friend about the problem of
whether humans have free will. (I know it seems pointless to continue, but we
have no choice.) One possibility we've discussed is that perhaps the question
doesn't lend itself to an all-or-nothing answer. Maybe the question is how much
free will human beings have. Maybe some people (Thoreau) have more than others.
Perhaps most people can't decide what personalities they will have or what paths
in life they will follow, but everyone gets to decide on lunch. Ham and swiss,
or tuna? On rye or a roll? Pickles? Cole slaw?

My decisions weren't much grander. I could head for Gertrude's Nose or Hamilton
Point, Millbrook Mountain or Rainbow Falls. It didn't really matter. But the
freedom was still invigorating. One of the debilitating effects of worrying
about potential danger, with no clear action to take, is that even if external
freedoms remain unchanged, they may seem to be slipping away. The bridges and
tunnels may be opened, the subways running, the office humming. But you still
may feel hemmed in, threatened on every side, limited to a choice of evacuation
paths. When that happens, the untrammeled freedom of walking in the woods is a
small but precious counterweight.

I chose the path up Millbrook Mountain. I walked a mile or so on a carriage
road, taking side paths to cliffs for views of Lake Minnewaska. The lake is
naturally acid, with no fish. (It is, however, open to scuba diving.) When the
wind was up, I could hear the waves lapping against the rock cliffs that
surround the lake.

After about a mile I left the lake shore and climbed a hiking trail, sometimes
rocky and slippery from wet leaves. There are rattlesnakes in Minnewaska, but
they are seldom seen, and it was probably time for them to be heading for their
dens for the winter. The trail led through maples and oaks, and then huckleberry
and stunted pines to a cliff at the top overlooking New Paltz and surrounding
farmland.

I passed several groups of hikers on my way up, and at the top I met other
walkers who had come up a carriage road. The wind had come up; the sun was
behind darkening clouds. I had been unable to leave the news behind during the
hike. Instead, I kept thinking about fresh air having a new meaning, about what
a poor target sparsely occupied state parks would make. On the summit, under
dark clouds, I thought of what a relief it was to have my main worry be the
threat of rain

Turkey vultures appeared. They did not have their wings outstretched to soar on
light updrafts but instead had them tucked into V shapes because of the wind.
The birds were rising and diving like stunt kites.

Two of the other walkers at the top were birders. They pointed out several hawks
and an eagle in the distance. Another man was a mathematics professor at the
State University of New York at New Paltz with a background in geology. Since I
am always looking at the rocks I'm walking over and never knowing what I'm
seeing, I asked him what they were. Conglomerate, he said, which somehow did not
seem enlightening. I did not find any scratches left by glaciers, but they are
there, according to both the professor and "The New York Walk Book."

I took a different route down, on a carriage road. I never like the descent on a
rocky trail, and it was particularly pleasant not to have to think about where
to place my feet. The road and gravity simply carried me along. I walked by a
tractor that was trimming vegetation on the borders of the road, and two workers
raking leaves and loading them on a truck. The sun kept going in and out of the
clouds, so the mood of the woods changed dramatically from moment to moment.

Near the end of the walk, I stopped to rest in a gazebo overlooking the lake.
The carriage roads were perfect for cross-country skiing, and I decided I would
have to return in the winter. I also realized that I hadn't bothered to put tick
repellent on my pants legs or hiking shoes, as I usually do. The deer ticks that
cause Lyme disease are not taking a break, and I had been tramping through the
brush on part of the walk. But I had simply forgotten.

A month ago I'll bet the only bacteria any hiker was thinking about were the
spirochetes that cause Lyme disease. Now I'm sure every person I passed gave
some thought that day to anthrax bacilli.

I can't wait to start worrying about ticks again.

Walkers' Advice

The best resource for anyone wanting to take a spur-of-the-minute walk or hike
is "The New York Walk Book," published by the New York-New Jersey Trail
Conference (www.nynjtc.org).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Walkers descending from Millbrook Mountain in Minnewaska State
Park Preserve, right, and overlooking Lake Minnewaska, above. (Photographs by
James Gorman/The New York Times)(pg. E40); The Minnewaska State Park Preserve at
New Paltz, N.Y. (James Gorman/The New York Times)(pg. E29) Map of New York
highlighting Minnewaska State Park Preserve. (pg. E40)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              584 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              May 19, 2015 Tuesday

For constitutional principles, Illinois pension verdict a victory

LENGTH: 347  words


The Illinois Supreme Court has struck down the state's landmark 2013 pension
reform law, upholding a lower court ruling that it violated the state
constitution. In the ruling, the court rejected the state's defense that its
contractual obligations were not absolute, because it reserved "emergency
powers" in a time of crisis.


The pension reform law, passed in 2013, attempted to solve the state's $100
billion unfunded liability over the next 30 years, primarily by reducing retiree
annual cost of living raises. The new formula for calculating yearly raises
would cut pensioners who served the shortest time and earn the highest salaries
the most, but would limit the cuts for those that have served the longest and
earned less.
In November 2014, We Are One made the case that the new law violated the pension
protection clause of the Illinois Constitution, which considers a pension an
enforceable contract, the benefits of which "cannot be diminished or impaired."
In a news release, the We Are One coalition said, "The pension protection clause
of the Illinois Constitution is absolute and without exception. There is no
merit to the State's purported justification for the unconstitutional
diminishments and impairments that Senate Bill 1 imposes." But the state argued
that it had emergency powers in a time of crisis that superseded that clause.
The General Assembly, after years of fiddling while Rome burned, passed a law
that attempted to fix the pension system, which has $111 billion in unfunded
liabilities and climbing. It sought to lower pension benefits already accrued by
existing state workers, and for retirees now drawing those pensions.
The problem was that pesky provision in the 1970 Illinois Constitution that says
such benefits "shall not be diminished or impaired." So the state's defense, I
kid you not, was that the crisis allowed it to invoke "sovereign" or "police"
powers to ignore the provision.
In short, the justices just took the sharp scissors and the matchbooks away from
the toddlers, and we, the people, are in their debt. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                          November 16, 2005 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SLAIN PRINCIPAL'S HUSBAND SAW IMAGES, EXPERT TESTIFIES

BYLINE: PAULA REED WARD, PITTSBURGH POST-GAZETTE

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 564 words


In the months before Richard Flewellen would be charged with beating his wife to
death with a ball-peen hammer, he began having hallucinations.

He had fleeting images of a naked blue man, and heard voices saying, "fight,"
and laughing insanely.

That was the testimony yesterday of Dr. Stuart Burstein, a psychiatrist who
examined Mr. Flewellen back in April, some six months after he was arrested and
charged with killing his wife, Celia Flewellen, 40, the principal at Homewood
Montessori School.

According to Pittsburgh police, Mrs. Flewellen told her husband on the morning
of Oct. 9, 2004, that she wanted a divorce.

Mr. Flewellen stayed in bed while his wife showered, and then as she was
dressing, he told investigators he approached her from behind and hit her with
the hammer several times. He also stabbed her in the chest and side.

Mr. Flewellen then took their two daughters, ages 12 and 10 at the time, to
their grandparents' home. After dropping them off, he returned to the house in
Beechview and poured gasoline and other accelerants throughout -- lighting it,
detectives said, in five places. He later drove to his church parking lot and
swallowed windshield washer fluid and antifreeze in an attempt to kill himself.

At the time of the homicide, Dr. Burstein said, Mr. Flewellen had major
depression with psychotic features.

"Mr. Flewellen was acting out of insane preoccupations with himself," the doctor
testified, saying he lost his capacity to reason. "His judgment was impaired to
the point where he could not exercise the mental functions needed to (behave
appropriately)."

The doctor said Mr. Flewellen was not fully aware of his intent to kill at the
time of the attack.

"His thinking was muddied. He lacked a conscious awareness," the doctor said.

That is key to the defense case. Though Mr. Flewellen pleaded not guilty, he is
presenting a diminished capacity defense, meaning that he must prove he did not
form specific intent to kill his wife because of a diminished mental state.

During lengthy testimony late yesterday, Dr. Burstein explained that Mr.
Flewellen had a difficult childhood, with a father who drank too much and was
physically abusive.

He also had problems learning in school and as a child was diagnosed with
Attention Deficit Hyperactivity Disorder and dyslexia.

Dr. Burstein said that Mr. Flewellen's depression began some six months before
the homicide.

During that time, Mr. Flewellen lost more than 60 pounds, was sleepless, lost
his enthusiasm for life and had become withdrawn -- all signs of depression.

Twice in that time frame, Mr. Flewellen and his wife argued, causing him to
leave. The first time, he was gone only for a night.

The second time, Mr. Flewellen told the doctor his wife physically attacked him
and told him she hated him. That time, he left for 12 days, the doctor
testified.

During their interview, Dr. Burstein testified, Mr. Flewellen told the doctor
that just before he attacked his wife, she turned on him and struck him in the
groin and head.

That is counter to what he told investigators, which was that he attacked her
from behind and caught her by surprise.

"She was at her dresser with her back to him," testified Pittsburgh police
Detective Jill Smallwood.

"He said she never knew what hit her."

Mr. Flewellen is expected to take the witness stand today in the non-jury trial
before Common Pleas Judge Jeffrey A. Manning.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Paula Reed Ward can be reached at pward@post-gazette.com or 412-263-2620.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Richard Flewellen -- He "was acting out of insane preoccupations
with himself," a psychiatrist testified.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              586 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    March 25, 1998, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Modell leads charge for Cleveland team

BYLINE: Gordon Forbes

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9C

LENGTH: 131 words

DATELINE: ORLANDO


ORLANDO -- Guess who played blocking back and led the NFL owners
to approve an expansion franchise for Cleveland?

Former Cleveland owner Art Modell, an outcast in his old city,
opened Monday's discussion with an emotional appeal to fellow
owners.

"I proposed that we approve a resolution for an expansion team
and not delay any longer," Modell said.

Modell says he "left my heart and soul in Cleveland" when he
moved the franchise to Baltimore. Loyal Browns fans considered
him a villain.

"I think it's diminished," Modell says of the bitter criticism.
"I think the venom and hatred have diminished as it has gotten
closer to this time."

Modell signed off with this line. "If I had gotten half the (stadium)
deal Cleveland got, I'd still be there."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              587 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                              July 18, 2005 Monday

In Our View: Problem is Here;
Seattle's Lake Washington is proving that warming is not just an Arctic malady

BYLINE: Columbian editorial writers

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. c6

LENGTH: 501 words


Ominous changes in the natural rhythm of the Earth are showing up all around us,
and signs point to global warming as the culprit.

Those signs aren't just in the Arctic inhabited largely by polar bears affected
by melting ice or other remote locations, but here at home.

Global warming is a deadly byproduct in part of our industrial society.
Emissions of cars and plants that burn fossil fuels create "greenhouse gases"
that capture and hold heat in our atmosphere. ABC's "Nightline" featured global
warming last Thursday night in a televised program titled "Extinction."

Host Ted Koppel said the program would not argue whether there is such a
problem, but discuss its effects. Scientific studies all over the globe have
confirmed warming temperatures and their devastation on plants and animals.

One scientist predicted half the world's species of plants and animals will be
wiped out by the end of this century. Another said "15 to 30 percent" of the
species "are committed to extinction."

Seattle's Lake Washington, a clean-water success story four decades ago when
voters approved systems that kept raw sewage and wastewater out of the lake,
faces a new threat.

An in-depth report by The Seattle Post-Intelligencer last week found warmer
water affecting fish, and creating foul algae in the lake. Scientific studies
indicate the temperature in the lake's top 30-foot layer has risen by more than
2.5 degrees Fahrenheit between late spring and fall compared with 40 years ago.
The lake's overall temperature is up by one degree. While that's only one
degree, "it has huge effects," said one University of Washington researcher.

Sockeye salmon headed for Lake Washington diminished from 298,000 in 2000 to
30,195 this year through July 7 because, as the newspaper put it, "they are
swimming an ever-more tropical gauntlet" from Ballard Locks to the lake.
Scientists concluded global warming is the chief cause.

On the coastline, there has been concern over the record number of dead seabirds
washing up on beaches from northern California to British Columbia. Ocean
temperatures are 2 to 5 degrees above normal, according to an Associated Press
story. Marine biologists reported there was no "upwelling," in which cold,
nutrient-rich water is brought to the surface.

Elsewhere, the Audubon Society worries about the diminished number of red
finches. And in Vancouver Lake, warming weather, usually in late July or August,
has turned waters a slimy, putrid green the past couple of summers.

While global warming may not be the villain in all ecosystem changes, mounting
evidence suggests it affects most. Yet the Bush Administration refuses to ratify
the Kyoto Protocol, an international treaty aimed an coordinating efforts to
attack the problem. Mayors of 170 U.S. cities have pledged to reduce dependence
on fossil fuels by developing wind and solar energy sources and efficient motor
vehicles to lower greenhouse gas emissions.

This is a time to act, not deny, a serious problem that affects our planet our
home.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                              588 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 25, 2012 Wednesday

OJ Imports to U.S. Fall 37% in February

BYLINE: Kevin Bouffard, The Ledger, Lakeland, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 480 words


April 25--LAKELAND -- Orange juice imports to the United States fell 37 percent
in February, the first sign a federal testing program barring OJ shipments
tainted with an illegal fungicide, carbendazim, is having an impact on domestic
supplies.

But the short-term impact of lower OJ supplies on farm and retail prices is
probably offset by diminished OJ sales, also stemming from the bad news about
carbendazim, said Tom Spreen, a citrus industry economist at the University of
Florida in Gainesville.

"That's not a particularly good outcome if it means diminished (OJ) demand," he
said.

If the Florida citrus industry can't revive consumer demand, the OJ sales slump
will continue over the long term, depressing farm prices, Spreen added.

The Florida Department of Citrus last week reported OJ imports in February had
fallen to 15.9 million gallons, down from 25.3 million gallons a year earlier.
Imports from Brazil, which normally accounts for about half the annual total,
fell to zero from 7.5 million gallons in February 2011.

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration began testing OJ imports for carbendazim
in January after the two largest OJ brands, Tropicana and Minute Maid, reported
some of their products contained traces of the fungicide. The products were
blended with imported OJ, primarily from Brazil, which appears to be the source
of the contamination.

Brazilian officials announced their growers have stopped using carbendazim but
that it could take up to 18 months for any trace of the chemical to disappear
from it OJ shipments.

Through March, the FDA has barred 27 imported OJ shipments that tested positive
for carbendazim. That included 14 shipments from Brazil and 12 from Canada,
which uses Brazilian OJ in its products.

February's OJ imports decline probably reflected not only the shipments barred
by FDA but shipments never sent to the U.S by Brazil and other countries if they
believed the FDA would reject them, Spreen said. Europe, the world's second
largest OJ market behind the U.S. will accept orange juice with carbendazim
levels reported by the FDA.

U.S. consumers reacted to national news reports on carbendazim contamination by
buying less OJ.

Total domestic OJ sales declined by 12 percent for the four-week period ending
March 17, the most recent data available, compared to the same period in 2011.
The average retail price increase of 7.5 percent for that period contributed to
the decline, but Spreen and other citrus industry economists agreed news reports
on carbendazim also played a role.

For the Florida citrus season that began in October, total sales through March
17 fell 10.7 percent on an average 7.4 percent price hike.

[ Kevin Bouffard can be reached at kevin.bouffard@theledger.com or at
863-422-6800. ]

___ (c)2012 The Ledger (Lakeland, Fla.) Visit The Ledger (Lakeland, Fla.) at
www.theledger.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120425-LL-OJ-Imports-to-U-S-Fall-37-in-February-0425-20120425

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LL


                           Copyright 2012 The Ledger


                              589 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 30, 1998, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Inquiry Inflicts Lasting Damage on Presidency;
Diminished Liberties

SECTION: Section A; Page 20; Column 6; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 151 words



To the Editor:

When the smoke clears in the Clinton-Lewinsky saga (front page, July 29), I fear
that the civil liberties of all of us will be diminished. An oft-cited principle
is that the President is not above the law. But he should not be below the law
either.

Presidents are forced to accept bodyguards who monitor essentially every move
they make. Now we learn that they can be spies as well. The President is
provided Government lawyers. Now we learn that there is no lawyer-client
confidentiality with them.

We are establishing precedents that will result in a President's lacking many
civil liberties commonly associated with privacy. Once these precedents are
established, how do we stop them from being applied to other citizens? When we
diminish the civil liberties of one person, even the President, we will all pay
the price.

MITCHELL TURKER
Portland, Ore., July 29, 1998

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              590 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              June 7, 2013 Friday

Leach's future with Ravens remains unclear

BYLINE: Matt Zenitz Landmark News Service

SECTION: B; Pg.12

LENGTH: 609  words


OWINGS MILLS - More than a month later, and with training camp now less than two
months ago, Pro Bowl fullback Vonta Leach's future with the Ravens is no clearer
than it was when Baltimore selected fullback Kyle Juszczyk in the fourth round
of the NFL draft in late April.

Is it still possible Leach could be released at some point before the season?
Yes. But is it also feasible that the Ravens could keep Leach and his $4.33
million cap figure even with Juszczyk now on the roster? Yes.

At least Thursday, Leach was politically correct in regards to his future in his
first conversation with the Baltimore media since the Ravens drafted Juszczyk.

"We're both still here, so we'll see how it goes," Leach said. "We'll see how it
goes, but hopefully it can work out for both of us. If it don't, then I feel
like I can still play in this league and I'll find a job somewhere. ...

"But I'll be happy to teach whatever [Juszczyk] needs to know as far as for the
fullback position. Got no problem with it. If he's got any questions, he can
come and ask me."

Leach's future with Baltimore has been speculated about for much of the past
several months, since even before the Ravens drafted Juszczyk.

Leach, 31, is still regarded by most as the top fullback in the NFL, and he's
been selected to the Pro Bowl each of the last three seasons, but his role was
greatly diminished last year as the Ravens transitioned to more of a wide-open,
up-tempo offense.

He was on the field for just 41 percent of Baltimore's offensive snaps
(including the playoffs) after being on the field for 53 percent of the snaps in
2011.

But the main issue as far as Leach is, combined with his diminished role, that
his cap number is as large as it is and that he's reportedly unwilling to take a
pay cut.

Said Leach Thursday: "When the situation comes, I think we'll take care of it."

If the Ravens can make it work financially, Baltimore Pro Bowl running back Ray
Rice, as he has at other times this offseason, said Thursday that he sees a
place on the Ravens' roster for both Leach and Juszczyk.

Leach is more of a traditional fullback, known as an imposing, physical presence
as a lead blocker in the run game. Juszczyk is more of a new age, hybrid-type
fullback who is considered to be a solid blocker but is also a threat as a
pass-catcher and caught 52 passes for 706 yards and eight touchdowns as a senior
at Harvard last season.

"[Vonta] and Kyle are two different players - same with me and Bernard
[Pierce]," Rice said. "I don't think you can compare the two because they are
totally different players.

"[But] how can he mentor him? Vonta is going into his 10th season. I think
there's a lot of knowledge to be gained from that - because from a blocking
aspect, Vonta is the best at it. But from a hybrid fullback/tight end aspect,
Kyle can catch the ball and do a lot of different things. I think from a
learning aspect, you can always take from a guy who has played 10 years in the
National Football League."

What that means for Leach's future is still unclear, although Baltimore general
manager Ozzie Newsome did say in late April that there could be a place on the
roster for both Leach and Juszczyk.

"We want to make decisions based on how guys perform out on the football field,"
Newsome said at the time. "We're going to get Kyle [Juszczyk] in here, and the
thing we like about Kyle, other than his ability to play on the offensive side,
is we expect him to be a very good special teams contributor.

"So, could there be a place for both of them? Yes, there could be. Because as
[coach] John [Harbaugh] and I try to put our 53-man squad together, we want to
keep the best 53 players."

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ravens fullback Vonta Leach, above, will have competition in training
camp from fourth-round draft pick Kyle Juszczyk from Harvard.
Ravens fullback Vonta Leach, above, will have competition in training camp from
fourth-round draft pick Kyle Juszczyk from Harvard.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             July 29, 2014 Tuesday

Utah judge rules that fMRI experts can't testify in 2015 murder trial

BYLINE: By Jessica Miller The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; State

LENGTH: 500 words


Two medical experts will not be allowed to testify on behalf of accused killer
Jeremy Lee Valdes' 2015 trial, an Ogden judge ruled Tuesday.

Valdes, 37, is charged in 2nd District Court with two counts of capital murder
for the 2009 deaths of Matthew Roddy, 30, and Roddy's mother, Pamela Knight
Jeffries, 53. Valdes is also charged with second-degree felony obstructing
justice, and joyriding and two counts of abuse or desecration of a human body,
all third-degree felonies.

On Tuesday, Judge Mark DeCaria granted prosecutor's requests to prohibit two
experts from testifying about the results of an fMRI during Valdes' January 2015
trial.

According to court records, the experts would have testified that the fMRI -- a
procedure similar to an MRI that measures brain activity by detecting changes in
blood flow -- showed that Valdes has abnormality in his brain activation
patterns, and that his "free will and ability to control and inhibit his
behavior" are affected by "neuropathological dysfunction stemming from long-term
use/abuse of opioid drugs."

Defense attorneys said they would use testimony from the experts as building
blocks to establish a diminished mental capacity defense. But prosecutors argued
that the testimony should be inadmissible because it does not show that Valdes
suffers from a mental illness that prevents him from being responsible for the
murders.

DeCaria wrote in his ruling that he was concerned with the fMRI protocol, saying
that it has not been studied and reviewed "by an independent third party," and
that it is not typically used in a criminal case. DeCaria noted that fMRIs are
generally used to detect "mild concussive injuries," not for mapping the effects
of chronic drug use on the brain.

DeCaria also wrote that the fMRI results did not show Valdes' mental state at
the time of the alleged crimes -- a requirement to support a diminished mental
state defense.

Valdes' seven-week trial is scheduled to start on Jan. 20, 2015. The trial was
supposed to begin last month, but one of Valdes' public defenders, Gary Barr,
asked to be taken off the case in April, citing health issues.

Valdes was in court Tuesday, where another attorney, Haylee Mills, was assigned
to the case. Valdes will be back in court again on Aug. 19 for a status
conference.

Weber County prosecutors are seeking the death penalty for Valdes.

On Nov. 25, 2009, Valdes allegedly fatally stabbed Roddy during an argument
about stolen prescription drugs. Police believe Valdes then beat Jeffries,
Roddy's mother, before leaving her unconscious with a plastic trash bag around
her head, and then stuffing her and Roddy into a closet.

Miranda Statler, Valdes' girlfriend, was charged with moving the bodies,
stealing Matthew Roddy's car and lying to police. She pleaded guilty in 2010 to
obstructing justice and was given a one-to-15 year prison sentence. According to
the Utah State Prison officials, Statler, 31, was released from prison Tuesday
and is on parole.

jmiller@sltrib.com

Twitter: @jm_miller

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              592 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                                 March 24, 2003

Verdicts & Settlements March 24, 2003: Odometer Tampering - Salvage History

BYLINE: Virginia Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 366  words


Type of Action - Consumer Protection

Other Useful Information - The plaintiffs alleged that the defendant and its
employees tampered with an odometer, made false disclosures of odometer
information, and committed consumer and actual fraud by concealing the salvage
history.

The evidence showed that the principal of the corporation had hired her husband
to rebuild wrecked cars for sale from her lot after his second term in federal
prison for selling stolen parts on cars he rebuilt and sold from her lot. The
evidence also showed that the car, which arrived at the defendant with 156,000
miles on the odometer, lost 51,000 miles from its odometer within 24 hours of
entering the defendant's possession.

The evidence also showed that the defendant had received the car on an Alabama
salvage title, applied for a Virginia salvage title, obtained a Virginia salvage
title, applied for a salvage inspection and obtained a salvage inspection.
Nevertheless, the defendant disclosed to the consumer that the car only had a
"possible" salvage history. The plaintiffs did not ask about the salvage
history.

The defense contended that the plaintiffs were lying, cheating consumers with
bad credit; that the car never really lost 51,000 miles from the odometer; that
"possible" salvage history was the truth because it had only a "previous"
salvage history; and that the plaintiff's counsel had engaged in assorted acts
of misconduct.

The jury's verdict included $50,000 in punitive damages awarded against the
corporation, $60,000 awarded against the principal personally, and $60,000
awarded against the husband personally.

Type of Injuries - Odometer tampering and salvage history fraud,

Name of Case - Stewart v. Crown Auto et al.

Court / Case No. - U.S. District Court for the Western District of Virginia,
Danville Division / 4:02Cv00031

Judge or Jury - Jury

Name of Judge - Norman K. Moon

Special Damages - $4,000 diminished value

Awarded / Settled - Awarded

Amount: - $172,625

Verdict Date - March 12, 2003

Lowest Demand - $150,000

Highest Offer - $15,000

Expert - Jeffrey Locke, diminished value expert, Chesapeake

Insurer - None

Plaintiff's Attorneys - Elmer R. Woodard, Danville, and Kent Crowe, Hickory,
N.C.

[03-T-43]

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 28, 1989, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. Parks Are Confronting Outside Threats

BYLINE:  By JIM ROBBINS, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 17, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 638 words

DATELINE: WEST GLACIER, Mont.


The National Park Service, alarmed at the damage inflicted by development
outside the parks' boundaries, has begun to take a role in efforts to fend off
external threats. In some cases park officials are opposing development around
the parks, a position that has long been considered politically unacceptable.

In January, Glacier National Park here hired a worker to manage the region's
system of natural plant and animal relationships, the first ecosystem manager in
the Park Service. The Everglades National Park in Florida and Yellowstone Park
in Wyoming have also begun seeking ways to control outside factors.

''There's a generational difference in the service coming into play,'' said Gil
Lusk, superintendent of Glacier National Park. ''There was an island mentality.
That was strong in the 70's, but now you're seeing a change.''

Ruffoff Harms the Everglades

In the Everglades, there has been serious damage from agricultural runoff and
pollution from subdivisions in Dade County, so park officials are concentrating
their protection efforts on external threats.

Michael Finley, superintendent of the 1.4 million-acre park, said eight people,
including himself, are studying and commenting on the 12-volume Dade County
Comprehensive Master Plan, which is a design for development near the park.

The park is also participating in a suit against Florida for discharging
polluted water from agricultural canals into the river, which the Federal
Government asserts is a violation of clean water laws.

Since the 1930's, the park has lost more than 90 percent of its population of
wading birds. It recently lost large numbers of alligators. Last year the entire
newborn population of wood storks, an endangered species, starved in their
nests.

River's Flow Diminished

Everglades National Park includes only 20 percent of the Everglades natural
ecosystem. Shark Slough, where the Shark River originates, is only half within
the park, and development has diminished its water flow. Moreover, chemicals and
sewage wash into the river outside the park and are carried into the Everglades.

Mr. Finley said the park's involvement in external issues has angered some
developers, and a group of landowners recently wrote to the Secretary of
Interior to complain.

''It's foreign to many park managers,'' Mr. Finley said of the Park Service's
activism, ''but it's an abdication not to participate in decisions going on
around the park. Who's carrying the ball for the public if not the Park
Service?''

Mr. Lusk of Glacier Park said park managers could use the threat of diminished
tourism to discourage local authorities from allowing too much development near
the parks.

Pressure for Larger Park

At Yellowstone, a coalition of environmental groups has pressed for a larger
park. In response, officials at Federal and state agencies that control land
around the park have begun to consider the entire Yellowstone natural system -
two parks, seven national forests, three wildlife refuges and other land. That
area contains about 14 million acres, while Yellowstone itself is 2.2 million
acres.

Coming to grips with external threats has also meant a change in Park Service
research. ''We've focused our research on those things that threaten the
parks,'' said William Penn Mott, director of the Park Service. ''We're not doing
research for the sake of research anymore.''

The boundaries of most parks were drawn before the science of ecology was well
developed. As a result, many parks do not contain all the various plants,
animals and natural features of their region that should interact to sustain
life. Park animals are sometimes killed when they stray outside seeking their
natural foods; developments in a park's vicinity sometimes create pollution that
finds its way into the park environment.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1989 The New York Times Company


                              594 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 10, 2012 Saturday

Report: Great Lakes winter ice cover has decreased 71 percent since 1973

BYLINE: John Myers, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


March 10--The average amount of ice covering the Great Lakes declined 71 percent
over the past 40 winters, with Lake Superior ice down 79 percent, according to a
report published by the American Meteorological Society.

"There was a significant downward trend in ice coverage from 1973 to the present
for all of the lakes,'' states the study appearing in the society's Journal of
Climate.

Researchers used Coast Guard reports and satellite photographs taken from 1973
to 2010 to determine the ice coverage of all the lakes, with Lake Ontario ice
dropping 88 percent while ice in Lake St. Clair (between Lake Huron and Lake
Erie) diminished just 37 percent.

The findings don't include the current winter, but 2011-12 will only speed up
the decline. Only about 5 percent of the Great Lakes surface froze over this
winter, the least since satellite photos first were taken from space. That
compares to winters that saw as much as 94 percent ice coverage, such as in
1979. It's also way down from the average winter of about 40 percent coverage.

The results won't be a surprise to Northlanders who have gazed out all winter
over open water on the western tip of Lake Superior, where almost no ice has
formed. Even in protected Chequamegon Bay, which usually freezes enough for
trucks to drive on, strong ice never formed this winter, forcing the Madeline
Island ferry to operate all season. That's only the second time that's ever
happened.

The results echo other studies that show much higher surface water temperatures
on Lake Superior in recent years and far fewer days of ice cover.

The study's lead researcher is Jia Wang, who works at the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration lab in Ann Arbor, Mich. He told Chicago's WBEZ-FM
that diminished ice can speed up wintertime evaporation, reducing water levels.
It also may lead to increased and earlier algae blooms, which can damage water
quality, and may accelerate erosion by exposing more shoreline to waves.

Wang said the decline in ice cover probably is due to several factors, including
cyclical climate patterns like El Nino and La Nina (unusually high temperatures
and unusually low temperatures, respectively, in the Pacific), changes in the
Arctic Oscillation and broader climate change.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120310-DU-Report-Great-Lakes-winter-ice-cover-has-decreased-71-percent-since-1
973-0310-20120310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              595 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Duluth News-Tribune (Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 10, 2012 Saturday

Great Lakes ice declining

BYLINE: John Myers, Duluth News Tribune, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 402 words


March 10--The average amount of ice covering the Great Lakes declined 71 percent
over the past 40 winters, with Lake Superior ice down 79 percent, according to a
report published by the American Meteorological Society.

"There was a significant downward trend in ice coverage from 1973 to the present
for all of the lakes,'' states the study

appearing in the society's Journal of Climate.

Researchers used Coast Guard reports and satellite photographs taken from 1973
to 2010 to determine the ice coverage of all the lakes, with Lake Ontario ice
dropping 88 percent while ice in Lake St. Clair (between Lake Huron and Lake
Erie) diminished just 37 percent.

The findings don't include the current winter, but 2011-12 will only speed up
the decline. Only about 5 percent of the Great Lakes surface froze over this
winter, the least since satellite photos first were taken from space. That
compares to winters that saw as much as 94 percent ice coverage, such as in
1979. It's also way down from the average winter of about 40 percent coverage.

The results won't be a surprise to Northlanders who have gazed out all winter
over open water on the western tip of Lake Superior, where almost no ice has
formed. Even in protected Chequamegon Bay, which usually freezes enough for
trucks to drive on, strong ice never formed this winter, forcing the Madeline
Island ferry to operate all season. That's only the second time that's ever
happened.

The results echo other studies that show much higher surface water temperatures
on Lake Superior in recent years and far fewer days of ice cover.

The study's lead researcher is Jia Wang, who works at the National Oceanic and
Atmospheric Administration lab in Ann Arbor, Mich. He told Chicago's WBEZ-FM
that diminished ice can speed up wintertime evaporation, reducing water levels.
It also may lead to increased and earlier algae blooms, which can damage water
quality, and may accelerate erosion by exposing more shoreline to waves.

Wang said the decline in ice cover probably is due to several factors, including
cyclical climate patterns like El Nino and La Nina (unusually high temperatures
and unusually low temperatures, respectively, in the Pacific), changes in the
Arctic Oscillation and broader climate change.

___ (c)2012 the Duluth News Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) Visit the Duluth News
Tribune (Duluth, Minn.) at www.duluthnewstribune.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120310-DU-Great-Lakes-ice-declining-0310-20120310

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DU


                       Copyright 2012 Duluth News-Tribune


                              596 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                           October 5, 2011 Wednesday

Society: Opinion: Why reviving right-to-buy won't work

BYLINE: Peter Hetherington

SECTION: GUARDIAN SOCIETY PAGES; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 610 words


Reworking Margaret Thatcher's flagship policy of selling council houses for big
discounts is a waste of public money. It undermines town hall housing
strategies, takes little account of local priorities and should be consigned to
history. Who says? A cabinet member responsible for housing on a flagship
Conservative authority.

That was at a fringe event I chaired at the last Tory conference in Manchester
two years ago: a reasoned, pragmatic case against repeating a policy that, at
its best, might have injected mixed tenure into estates. At its worst, it not
only diminished the supply of social housing but also led to shady speculators
offering, in effect, bribes to tenants so they could buy a home and then hand it
to a property company after a given period. In turn, the company would re-let
the property charging full market rent.

Desperate to exploit a seemingly populist cause, David Cameron and his housing
minister chose this week not to heed the warning of the thoughtful councillor.
Accelerated council house sales, with unspecified discounts are apparently back
on the agenda.

There's one problem; the pool of council houses is now much diminished, down to
around 2 million in England - 2 million council homes were sold in Britain
during the time of the last Tory government and, to a lesser extent, over
Labour's 13 years.

At its peak, discounts reached 60% of market value for long-standing tenants in
houses. As David Orr, chief executive of the National Housing Federation
observed, it proved a great opportunity for those lucky enough to be in the
right house at the right time. "But it was disastrous for those in later need
and (who) found a desperate shortage of social homes," he warned.

The sales proved good news for the Treasury, too. Some experts calculated that
during the 1980s, proceeds from this "privatisation" brought in more cash than
the combined receipts from all other state sell-offs. Despite promises, no cash
went into new house-building. This time, insists Cameron, it will.

But housing experts are perplexed. If Cameron wants to use the money from sales
to build more affordable housing - but not necessarily much-needed social
housing - the proceeds will presumably go into a single Whitehall pot. How will
it be redistributed, and for what purpose? Two councils have already hinted
they'd like to use cash to help the "squeezed middle" into home ownership.

Some fear that councils could be marginalised, with proceeds from sales in the
north and the Midlands subsidising new housing in the south. This could prove a
double hit for town halls in the north and the Midlands, which have plans to
begin building through subsidiary organisations using rental streams from
existing housing stock, and land, as collateral. A diminished housing stock will
clearly undermine their ambition.

Such confusion demands a robust response from the opposition. But Ed Miliband's
contribution at the Labour conference merely included faint praise for
Thatcher's right-to-buy policy and a commitment to get tough on the workshy by
allocating council housing to those in jobs.

As the Chartered Institute of Housing points out, the current allocation system
was created by the last Labour government. It balanced the rights of those in
work seeking housing with those of the needy. "To go further in prioritising
workers, (Miliband) would need to scrap legislation which protects the most
vulnerable," adds the institute's assistant director of policy and practice,
Abigail Davies.

If that's what Miliband is proposing, he should say. Or keep quiet until he has
a credible housing policy.

Peter Hetherington writes on communities and regeneration.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                           November 4, 2009 Wednesday
                                   C1 Edition

Special care for the feet

SECTION: SPECIAL SECTIONS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 420 words


Both high performance athletes and arm chair athletes with diabetes face a
multitude of long term health challenges when it comes to the feet.

It makes sense to put your best foot forward to prevent some serious
complications down the road, says Ronald Sage, professor and chief, section of
podiatry department of orthopaedic surgery and Rehabilitation at Loyola
University Stritch School of Medicine.

Dr. Sage, who has been a member of the America Diabetes Association northern
Illinois affiliate for 20 years and serves on the organization's leadership
board, emphasizes the importance of not only controlling blood sugar and
cholesterol, but also taking special care of the feet.

"There are two complications that put patients with diabetes at risk of
amputation," he says. "One is peripheral arterial disease, or diminished
circulation and the other is peripheral neuropathy, or nerve damage that causes
diminished sensation, dry cracked skin and foot deformities. Because of the loss
of protective sensation, an ingrown toenail or a corn can lead to serious
infection, or even amputation before the patient feels pain that indicates a
problem."

A serious warning sign, he adds, includes numbness or tingling often attributed
to poor blood glucose control. "It's not uncommon to hear of athletes and
non-athletes alike who have neuropathy issues stepping on a needle, nail or some
other sharp object and not knowing it."

Dr. Sage encourages those with diabetes to examine their feet in good light
every day and check for blisters, sores, drainage or red areas. "For hard to see
areas, like the bottom of your feet or heels, use a mirror," he says. "If you
notice a wound or any drainage, contact your physician or podiatrist
immediately."

Diabetes patients should avoid extremes in temperature and keep feet warm and
dry by wearing athletic socks that wick away perspiration. Dr. Sage also
recommends that patients wear shoes, whether indoors or out, and make sure that
they fit correctly. "Lots of people don't wear shoes in their homes," he notes.
"Those with diabetes should wear hard-soled shoes to protect the bottom of their
feet and to make sure their shoes fit properly -- that there is room for their
toes. Poorly-fitting shoes result in blisters and other problems."

According to the American Diabetes Association, limb amputation occurs 10 to 30
times more often in those with diabetes than in the general population.
Comprehensive foot care programs, experts say, can reduce amputation rates by 45
to 85 percent.

LOAD-DATE: November 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              598 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                               May 9, 2004 Sunday

Allstate wins class-action value lawsuit

BYLINE: ERIC FREEHLING

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 689 words


After a three-week trial, a St. Clair County Circuit Court jury returned a
complete defense verdict April 29 for Allstate Insurance Co. in a 30-state
class-action involving diminished value claims in auto insurance.

According to the Insurance Journal, the plaintiffs in the case had charged
Allstate should have paid for the "diminished value" of automobiles involved in
accidents. They alleged that the insurer should be responsible for paying the
amount a vehicle loses in value after full repairs have been made. The
plaintiffs, who were represented by both local and national class-action law
firms, sought nearly $400 million in damages.

"We are delighted that the jury agreed with our evidence that Allstate complied
with all of its obligations under the policy," said Margo Weinstein, counsel for
Allstate and a partner in the Chicago office of Sonnenschein Nath & Rosenthal
LLP. "We are not aware of any other multistate class-action jury trial in which
a corporate defendant prevailed."

The Insurance Journal reported the law firm's announcement also noted that "the
case was unusual in that it was one of the few multistate class- actions that
has ever gone to trial. It covered some 387,000 Allstate policyholders from 29
states and the District of Columbia."

Trade Center verdict

Insurer Swiss Re has received a favorable verdict more than two and a half years
after it filed a declaratory relief action against Silverstein Properties, the
master leaseholder of the World Trade Center.

Last week, according to the Insurance Journal, a federal jury accepted the giant
reinsurer's position that the parties were bound by the language of the "WilProp
Form," which defines the loss of the twin towers as one event, i.e. an
"occurrence or series of occurrences."

Swiss Re, the largest carrier in the group that insured the WTC, is thus liable
for only one recovery of $877 million, roughly 25 percent of the total coverage.

IRS protection policy

There's insurance against theft, fire and even earthquakes. And now, according
to a Wall Street Journal report, comes protection from another fear-inducing
event: an adverse ruling by the Internal Revenue Service.

Amid the crackdown on tax shelters, an array of companies are offering polices
designed to cover tax bills that arise when the government challenges a
particular deduction or transaction. The insurance is often used for situations
that spring from gray areas in the tax code. According to the Journal, though
most of the policies were originally geared toward corporations, they've been
attracting greater interest from family businesses and even individuals.

Insurers and attorneys say they have been getting more queries about the
products in recent months. Some big names, including Aon Corp. and Marsh Inc.
are among the brokers that arrange the coverage.

"The interest is increasing as people are more sensitive about tax planning
these days than they have been in the past," saaid Jay Gordon, who is chairman
of the tax practice at law firm Greenberg Traurig, and who has seen a recent
rise in client inquiries about tax insurance.

Another factor reports the Journal: The IRS used to view tax insurance as a red
flag, a so-called reportable transaction, signaling that the policyholder might
be protecting a tax shelter. Last year, however, after IRS and Treasury
officials conducted a public hearing on the matter, the IRS changed course and
effectively removed tax insurance from the list of reportable transactions.

Personal note

After the past three years as The Pantagraph's business editor, I'm leaving the
news room to pursue an opportunity in another state. I've been living in Central
Illinois since the second Reagan term and have found the area and its residents
to be the best advertisements for good old-fashioned Midwestern values bar none.

To my friends and sources in the insurance, auto, utility, media and fast-food
industry, thanks for the help and the quotes. The mistakes were all mine.

Pantagraph Business Editor Eric Freehling won't be writing about the insurance
industry after this Sunday. Contact his successor at business@pantagraph.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Pantagraph


                              599 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 17, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

THE MARKETS: BONDS;
Treasuries Slide Despite Signals Of Diminished Inflation Pressure

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 299 words


Treasury securities fell yesterday despite Government reports pointing toward
lower economic growth and diminished inflationary pressure.

Traders attributed the bond market's retreat to a further decline in the
dollar's value and a belief that the effects of the General Motors strike had
made the latest economic data look deceptively weak.

The dollar fell to the lowest level against the yen in more than three weeks on
speculation that Japan's next elected prime minister will support radical bank
reform.

The dollar also fell for the fifth day against the mark after Russia's
Parliament passed austerity measures to secure new loans.

Bonds have tended to track the dollar's value lately. A higher dollar attracts
foreign investors to assets denominated in the currency.

The benchmark 30-year bond slipped 12/32, to a price of 105 21/32. The yield,
which moves in the opposite direction, rose to 5.72 percent, from 5.70 percent
on Wednesday.

The price weakness came despite Government reports showing a decline of
six-tenths of a percent in June industrial production and a decline of
eight-tenths of a percent in factory use. The reports suggested the economy was
cooling, which would tend to help bonds.

But economists said the data reflected the mass shutdown of G.M. factories
caused by a strike at two plants in Flint, Mich., that began more than a month
ago. The reports would have been stronger without the effects of the labor
dispute.

"The G.M. strike has started to wreak havoc with the economic data base and
market observers are beginning to weave through the statistical minefield," said
Donald Fine, the chief market analyst at Chase Asset Management.

Results of yesterday's Treasury auction of a new 52-week bill:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table:
Average Price . . .              94.848
Discounted Rate . . .             5.09%
Coupon Yield . . .                5.37%
High Price . . .                 94.848
Discounted Rate . . .             5.09%
Coupon Yield . . .                5.37%
Low Price . . .                  94.864
Discounted Rate . . .             5.08%
Coupon Yield . . .                5.35%
Accepted at low price .             51%
. .
Total applied for . . .     $46,382,774
Accepted . . .              $15,747,484
Noncompetitive . . .           $933,649

The one-year bills mature July 22, 1999.


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              600 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2015 Tuesday

New York City Billboards Mock Governor Cuomo's Minimum Wage Hike

LENGTH: 784 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Independent Women's Forum's Association has issued the followiAng
news release:



  A gigantic billboard in the middle of Time Square in New York City is catching
attention. It's not for scantily-clad models or celebrities, but a message to
Governor Michael Cuomo and New Yorkers: a $15 minimum wage (or $30,000 per year
minimum salary) for somebody who is unskilled and new to the job is unfair for
those who are actually that valuable to an employer.





 This billboard represents the new front in the national debate over federal,
state, and local minimum wage hikes. Campaigns and politicians are calling for
minimum wages from $10.10 to $15 or higher to boost wages for the working poor
-good intention, but bad policy.



 The billboard depicts a laid-back young man (maybe a frat bro or a hipster)
whose attention is peaked over learning that he can earn $30,000 a year with no
experience and no skills. The message is that Cuomo's minimum wage hike to $15
an hour will discourage young people from working hard.



 Governor Cuomo's plan for a new $15 minimum wage from the current $8.75 would
take full effect by 2018 in New York City and 2021 in the rest of the state. The
wage would apply to more than 100 fast food brands from Arby's to Carvel Ice
Cream Shoppes operating in New York with at least 30 locations nationwide.



 The organization running the ad as well as a full-page ad in the New York Post
says the minimum wage hike would just exacerbate youth unemployment because it
would make it too expensive to hire people who have few skills and need a job to
acquire these entry-level skills.



 CNN Money reports:



 The billboard is part of a $100,000 campaign by the Employment Policies
Institute.



 Richard Berman, the group's executive director, has a public relations and
lobbying firm that has worked for the restaurant industry.



 "Who needs an education or hard work when Gov. Cuomo is raising the minimum
wage to 15 dollars an hour?" reads the sign. It's referring to the New York
governor's plan to raise the minimum wage plan to $15 an hour for fast food
workers in New York City by 2018 and statewide by 2021.



 &hellip;



 Mike Saltsman, research director for the organization, said raising the minimum
wage to $15 an hour "devalues the hard work of people who have already put the
effort into working their way up."



 "What we're essentially saying are people who are having their first day on the
job, who are maybe 16 years old, are going to get the same wage, or maybe a
dollar less, then maybe somebody who's been there for a couple of years," he
said.



 More concerned about the NY wage hike are small businesses, including those not
directly affected by the minimum wage increase but fear being forced to hike
their wages to uneconomic levels to compete for talent. Small business owners
now find themselves in a quandary: at some point, raising prices will drive
customers away, so how long can they absorb increased wage costs? In addition,
when does it no longer become financially possible to stay in business?



 USA Today reports on a restaurant owner and car wash owner.



 Anthony Ripani, owner of Calabria Restaurant in Orangeburg, is worried about
the ripple effect.



 &ldquo;The percentages in this business have diminished, diminished, diminished
,&rdquo; Ripani said. &ldquo;If they make the minimum wage $15, I'm like,
'Where's that gonna come from?' "



 While Ripani wouldn't be required to pay $15 an hour -- he has too few
employees -- he said he'll be forced to match that wage to keep his cooks and
dishwashers.



 Passing costs on to his customers isn't a real option, Ripani said, as there's
a price point for pizza that, when eclipsed, will drive customers away.



 Lloyd Monaco at Our Town Car Wash said he knows his price point.



 &ldquo;People will pay $7 for a car wash,&rdquo; he said, as a steady stream of
cars snaked its way through suds and blowers. &ldquo;If I raise my prices, they
won't be back.&rdquo;



 Small businesses are the engine of economic and job growth creating six out of
ten jobs in this economy. Workplace regulations can stimulate greater job
creation or stifle it and it appears politicians like Governor Cuomo would
rather see the latter in his state.



 The intentions to raise wages may be fine, but the means will ignite rippling
impacts that will negatively impact business owners and workers. Those meant to
be helped will be the ones harmed by wage increases. As we often ask, what good
is a $15 salary when you're unemployed?



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            January 7, 2014 Tuesday

Their View;
Expedite state pension cases

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 518 words


As expected, multiple groups of current and former state workers have filed
lawsuits challenging the constitutionality of the legislature's recently passed
pension reform.

No doubt we have not seen the end of them.

The first suit was filed in Cook County Circuit Court, then followed in Sangamon
County, and while there is a process that must be adhered to, we do wish this
matter could speed its way directly to the Illinois Supreme Court, where it will
almost certainly land, with the justices weighing in once and for all on whether
the law - which does not go into effect until June 1 - is a go or no-go.

A prolonged legal struggle could delay the law's implementation, grow the
state's $100 billion unfunded pension liability and potentially make Illinois'
worst-in-the-nation pension situation that much more unmanageable.

In short, we'd rather know now than later so that any other remedies, if
necessary, can come sooner rather than later.

As we have written many times before, we do believe public pension reform in
Illinois is critical to the state's solvency - for the long-term sake of
pensioners and taxpayers alike - while acknowledging that the constitutionality
of this particular law is questionable. Article XIII, Section 5 of the Illinois
Constitution states quite clearly that pensions represent "an enforceable
contractual relationship" and that retirement benefits "shall not be diminished
or impaired."

Those bringing the lawsuits insist that curtailing annual cost-of-living
adjustments, raising the retirement age and capping pensionable salaries all
cross that constitutional line.

We suppose this will come down to an argument over the definitions of "
diminished" and "impaired" (and if Bill Clinton's infamous "that depends on what
the meaning of 'is' is" just danced through your head, you're forgiven).

One of the lawsuits representing active and retired schoolteachers and
administrators does make reference to pensions being "reduced," which from this
vantage is not quite as accurate as saying their rate of growth will be slowed.

In any case, the litigants are not wrong in arguing that the state's pension
guarantee, "perhaps more so than anything else in the Illinois Constitution, was
used by countless families across Illinois to plan careers, retirements and
financial futures."

The wording in constitutions matters, and theirs is not a weak argument.
(Perhaps some of those who fought so hard in 2008 against another constitutional
convention in Illinois to update the 1970 version of that document are
rethinking the wisdom of that opposition now.)

Obviously, this pension law's implications will ripple throughout 2014 and
perhaps beyond, likely to have a bearing on this spring's budget deliberations -
with the state's annual pension payment comprising a fifth of its operating
budget (even with the recent and rare good news from actuaries that the pension
payment increase won't be nearly as severe this year) - and next fall's
elections.

It is in everyone's best interests that Illinois have a definitive court
decision as soon as possible.

- Peoria Journal Star

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              602 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Washington: Archive of Bathymetry and Backscatter Data Collected in 2014
Nearshore Breton and Gosier Islands, Breton National Wildlife Refuge, Louisiana

LENGTH: 458  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Geological Survey has issued the following news release:



 As part of the Barrier Island Monitoring Project, scientists from the U.S.
Geological Survey (USGS) St. Petersburg Coastal and Marine Science Center
conducted nearshore geophysical surveys off Breton and Gosier Islands,
Louisiana, in July and August of 2014. To assist the United States Fish and
Wildlife Service (USFWS) with restoration planning efforts, the USGS was tasked
with answering fundamental questions about the physical environment of the
southern Chandeleur Islands, including the geology, morphology, and
oceanography. Baseline data needed to answer these questions were either
insufficient or missing. The USGS conducted a comprehensive geologic
investigation in the summer of 2014, collecting geophysical and sedimentological
data.





 Breton Island, located at the southern end of the Chandeleur Island chain in
southeastern Louisiana, was recognized as a natural, globally significant
nesting sanctuary for several bird species and was established as the Breton
National Wildlife Refuge (NWR) in 1904. The areal extent of Breton Island has
diminished 90 percent since 1920. Land loss is attributed to ongoing relative
sea-level rise, diminished sediment supply, and storm impacts. The bird
population on Breton Island has also declined over the years, most notably after
Hurricane George in 1998 and after Hurricane Katrina in 2015; the latter
completely submerged the island. Despite decreasing habitable acreage, migratory
seabirds continue to return and nest on Breton Island. To prevent the island
from being submerged in the future, and to protect, stabilize, and provide more
nesting and foraging areas for the bird population, the USFWS proposed a
restoration effort to rebuild Breton Island to its pre-Katrina footprint.



 This data series serves as an archive of processed interferometric swath and
single-beam bathymetry data, and side-scan sonar data, collected in the
nearshore of Breton and Gosier Islands, NWR, Louisiana. The data were collected
during two USGS cruises (USGS Field Activity Numbers 2014-314-FA and
2014-317-FA) in July and August 2014. Geographic information system data
products include a 100-meter-cell-size interpolated bathymetry grid, trackline
maps, and point data files. Additional files include error analysis maps, Field
Activity Collection System logs, and formal Federal Geographic Data Committee
metadata.



 NOTE: These data are scientific in nature and are not to be used for
navigation. Any use of trade names is for descriptive purposes only and does not
imply endorsement by the U.S. Government.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday

North Topsail Beach holds property tax rate

BYLINE: Suzanne Ulbrich, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 385 words


June 16--North Topsail Beach aldermen unanimously adopted a 2011-12 budget
touted by town officials as being "pretty meager."

Following a public hearing earlier this month, aldermen OK'd a budget that
includes property taxes holding steady at 23.55 cents per $100 of property
valuation. As in previous years, 1 cent of that will go into the Beach Fund.

"Sales tax revenues have dropped significantly from its high of $1.2 million in
2008-09," Town Manager Steve Foster said. "We expect it will be half that this
year."

Foster said the main contributors to diminished revenues are large decreases in
property valuations, an almost 12-percent loss of population and the forecast
that sales tax will be significantly lower in 2011-12.

"In order to balance the budget considering diminished revenues for the coming
year, town staff and council members worked together to make $158,000 in cuts in
various departments," he said.

The General Fund budget for 2011-12 is $3,254,764 as compared to $3,339,166 for
2010-11.

Two permanent staffing positions were eliminated.

"We did away with an assistant planning department position and we cut a
full-time fire department position and replaced it with part-time positions,"
Foster said.

Expenditures include the replacement of two police vehicles, the replacement of
one fire vehicle, the construction of an irrigation well to cut down on water
usage in the park, resurfacing the town's tennis courts and the purchase of a
tire changer for the public works department.

"The one thing that saved us this year was we got a fire grant for $100,000 to
purchase 800 MGZ radios mandated by the federal government to be purchased by
2013 which offset our cost," he said.

The board authorized changes in the town's fee schedule, including an increase
in the annual garbage fee from $139 per customer to $145, Foster said.

Included in General Fund expenses, town employees will get a one time cost of
living bonus adjustment of $800 slated for December.

To see more of The Daily News, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.jdnews.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110616-JN-North-Topsail-Beach-holds-property-tax-rate-0616-20110616

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2011 The Daily News


                              604 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Daily Iowegian (Centerville, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 11, 2012 Tuesday

National Guard in Centerville: Where 9/11 is not forgotten

BYLINE: Michael Schaffer, Daily Iowegian, Centerville, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 705 words


Sept. 11--CENTERVILLE -- The Iowa Army National Guard in Centerville Saturday
from 10 a.m.-2 p.m. hosted an open house and offered a tour of the Armory, an
opportunity to meet guard soldiers, take rides in guard vehicles and get to know
who protects us from enemies who want to destroy America.

Capt. Jarid Catrenich, 34, company commander of Alpha Company, said the last
time they held an open house was at least three years ago. Today was the
opportunity to give the public the chance to tour armory facilities while they
simultaneously held an open house in Fairfield.

Catrenich said Alpha Company has a total of 87 members and is a split company,
with solders in both Centerville and Fairfield.

He said they are the forward support company for the 224th Engineer Battalion.

Catrenich has been the captain in Centerville for almost one year. He has been a
guard member for 14 years. He grew up in the Des Moines area, graduated from the
University of Iowa and has not been deployed overseas.

"I'm an anomaly," Catrenich said. "Anyone who has been in 14 years, it's very
rare that you'll see someone who has been in 14 years that has not deployed."

Eleven years since 9/11 has not diminished what Catrenich remembers or feels
about what happened that day.

"I think a lot of us still remember very vividly where we were that morning when
we heard the news and I still remember," Catrenich said. "And I don't think that
memory is going to go away. No, I don't feel any different. And I don't think
that I will for years to come."

Recruiter and Retention NCO Trelawney Brown, 31, of Centerville, has been a
member of the Iowa Army National Guard for 14 years.

She has not been deployed overseas.

Eleven years since 9/11 has made Brown's military service more meaningful with
those wanting to wear the uniform and take pride in serving our country.

"I think it's made my military service more ... it means more to me and also
with my job to help other people who what to serve our country and feel the
pride to wear the uniform," Brown said. "And just to see more people since that
day wanting to serve their country because of (9/11)."

A former Centerville resident now living in Ottumwa was deployed overseas from
2004-2005 in Iraq.

Sgt. Rusty Cabossart, 27, now of Ottumwa, has been with the National Guard for
11 years.

While in Iraq, Cabossart was with the transportation company, where they took
materials from Kuwait to various locations throughout Iraq.

Eleven years since 9/11 has not diminished what Cabossart remembers or feels
about what happened that day.

"I don't think so," Cabossart said. "It's a horrible thing that happened. I
think we learn from things like that, as a country. I don't think my opinion has
changed at all. It's kind of our generations version of Pearl Harbor. So, it
will always be remembered, at least for me."

Specialist Elizabeth Helle, 22, of Centerville, has been a Iowa National Guard
member for four and one-half years.

She has not been deployed overseas.

Eleven years since 9/11 has not diminished what Helle remembers or feels about
what happened that day.

"I wouldn't say that it's changed anything," Helle said. "You still kind of feel
a heartache and everything from it."

Helle was 11 years old and in sixth grade at the time and living in North
Carolina.

"I remember everything," she said. "We sat in the library and they turned it on
the news and we watched it on the TV and we watched everything that happened
from the beginning to the end of it."

Helle said the children sitting in the library were very quiet.

"It was a sad moment," Helle said. "Everybody knew what was going on. We were of
that age where we knew and it was just a heartbreaking moment to watch your
country go down like that."

David Becker, 19, of Centerville, has been a member of the Iowa National Guard
for more than two years.

He has not been deployed overseas.

Becker was 8 years old at the time and said he doesn't remember very much about
Sept. 11, 2001.

"I remember seeing it on TV," Becker said, then he noted security in the United
States has gotten much better since then.

___ (c)2012 the Daily Iowegian (Centerville, Iowa) Visit the Daily Iowegian
(Centerville, Iowa) at www.dailyiowegian.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120911-IA-National-Guard-in-Centerville-Where-9-11-is-not-forgotten-0911-20120
911

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: IA


                         Copyright 2012 Daily Iowegian


                              605 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday
                                Suburban Edition

Ryan says Obama has diminished U.S. image

BYLINE: Felicia Sonmez

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 474 words

DATELINE: OLDSMAR, FLA.


OLDSMAR, Fla. - GOP vice-presidential nominee Paul Ryan resumed his criticism of
President Obama's foreign policy Saturday, suggesting to a crowd of supporters
in this town not far from Tampa that the president has diminished America's
standing abroad.

"If we project weakness, they come," Ryan said of those who would attack the
United States. "If we are strong, our adversaries will not test us and our
allies will respect us."

He opened the outdoor rally, as he did at a Friday night event in Roanoke, by
noting last week's attacks on U.S. diplomatic missions that left four Americans
dead in Libya, including Ambassador J. Christopher Stevens.

But Ryan's remarks about Obama on Saturday - including a jab over looming
across-the-board defense cuts - were less pointed than the criticism he leveled
at the president in a speech Friday morning at the Family Research Council's
Values Voter Summit at the Omni Shoreham Hotel in Northwest Washington.

Ryan was not the only one at Saturday's rally to make mention of last week's
protests in the Middle East and North Africa.

Rep. C.W. Bill Young (R-Fla.) warmed up the crowd by slamming Obama for being on
the campaign trail rather than fully devoting himself to handling the crisis.

Attacking U.S. diplomatic missions, he said, is "the same as attacking the
United States Capitol, because they are sovereign territory."

"They don't belong to the host country. They belong to us. And after all of the
problems we've witnessed over the last couple of days, our esteemed leader, the
apologizer in chief, he should be dealing with this problem. But he went to Las
Vegas. Well, you know the country might be better off if he would just stay in
Las Vegas, then," Young said to cheers.

He added: "When Mitt Romney makes his first trip, it will not be a trip of
apology."

Among rallygoers as well as speakers at Saturday's event, there were signs that
the demonstrations unfolding in the Middle East and North Africa have prompted a
strong reaction at home.

Some in the crowd voiced anger over U.S. aid to Libya in the wake of last week's
attacks, echoing some members of Congress, including Sen. Rand Paul (R-Ky.).

"No more money for Libya!" one woman yelled at one point during Ryan's speech.
"No more Libya!"

Other rallygoers echoed the charge leveled by Mitt Romney and other Republicans
that Obama has apologized for the United States abroad - a criticism that
supporters of the president have sharply decried.

Standing near the exit of the rally was a man holding a sign with an image of
Obama's face and the words, "If anybody needs an apology, it's the American
people."

Another man in the crowd began yelling at him, and the man with the sign yelled
back that he was demanding an apology from Obama.

"I'll give you one," the second man said, making an indecorous gesture before
walking away.

sonmezf@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              606 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                             May 15, 2002 Wednesday

Late-stage funds pull in ambition

BYLINE: by Vyvyan Tenorio

SECTION: VC

LENGTH: 1044 words

HIGHLIGHT: Morgan Stanley Venture Partners is raising a fund one-fourth the size
of a previous fund, knowing megafund mania has diminished.


In the venture capital world, it's unusual to raise a fund that's just
one-fourth the size of a previous fund.

Yet that's just what Morgan Stanley Venture Partners is doing, quietly, with its
latest estimated $150 million endeavor, knowing the appetite for megafunds has
diminished as investors fret over late-stage returns. The new money will tide
Morgan Stanley over until the climate improves.

That the New York investment bank's venture arm is able to succeed in raising
even that much, given the 22.5% loss as of Dec. 31 for its $562 million prior
fund, is surprising.

"There is no good late-stage group out there right now," said the managing
partner of a Massachusetts VC firm who requested anonymity. "They're all doing
badly."

The earlier fund, Morgan Stanley Dean Witter Venture Partners IV, is like many
other mezzanine funds that took stakes in overpriced late-stage deals at the
height of the bubble.

For now, Morgan Stanley's institutional backers, which include Alliance Capital
Management Corp., Fleet Fund Investors, Ford Motor Co., and Illinois State
University, hope it still can recoup some losses.

"They've done well over the years and we expect them to hopefully resurrect
what's left of the portfolio and give us our capital back with probably not a
big return but with some type of return," said Christopher Wagner, an investment
analyst at Los Angeles Country Employees Retirement Association, which put $5
million into Morgan's new bridge fund. "They've got their work cut out for
them."

Morgan Stanley's effort comes as peers, including Charles River Ventures, Accel
Partners and Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers, return to backers hundreds of
millions in committed dollars they cannot efficiently put to use.

Amid the industry's overall poor performance, some investors particularly worry
about late-stage funds, including Morgan Stanley, Meritech Capital Partners,
Focus Ventures and Technology Crossover Partners, all except Morgan Stanley
based in Palo Alto, Calif. Following the strong returns of their earlier funds,
the most recent funds have been hampered by out-of-favor e-commerce and
communications sectors, making them more vulnerable in a market downturn than
traditional, early-stage investors.

"It's clear that a lot of these funds during the bubble years had engaged in
momentum-style investing, where there wasn't a lot of time and effort put on
fundamentals," said Joshua Lerner, an economist at Harvard Business School. "The
standards were relaxed across the venture industry, but it was more extreme in
the case of late-stage investing."

Late-stage funds generally depend on a healthy exit market through initial
public offerings or acquisitions to profit from higher-priced deals. The
strategy works great when valuations are rising, and Focus Ventures' co-founder
and general partner Stephen Bird argues that historically they have performed
well even in slow IPO markets. But not everyone is enamored with this strategy.

"I've never been a fan," said one New York investor in Morgan Stanley Venture
Capital who requested anonymity. "It's quite a gamble that the public market
will let you out fast enough."

Bala Cynwyd, Pa.-based Hamilton Lane Advisors Inc.'s Mike Kelly said his firm
looked to invest in several of these so-called pre-IPO funding firms. But the
firm decided the strategy was too risky because "at some point the music stops."
Hamilton Lane did back Morgan Stanley's venture latest fund because Kelly
figured it could leverage the investment bank's resources for exits.

"The last fund is still relatively young, but it was put to work very quickly
like all other VC funds during the period," Kelly said. Morgan Stanley opted for
a small, quick fund raising because "they needed to stay in the marketplace with
more capital to invest," he added.

A Morgan Stanley spokesman said the fourth fund invested in 44 companies, but
its executives declined to comment on the new fund. Investors say the fund was
badly hit by some bets it made on business-to-business and wireless companies.
For example, its investment was lost completely in Redwood City, Calif.'s
RealNames Corp., a creator of an Internet keyword navigational system valued at
$520 million in November 2000, when it shut down last week.

Timing is everything. After showing a 210% net internal rate of return on its
first $106 million fund raised in 1997, Focus Ventures, formerly Charter Growth
Capital, has not pulled an encore in its second fund. But because the $465
million fund, closed in December 1999, still has more than half the money left,
it stands a chance of recouping its 35% loss, Bird said. Its misfortunes include
the shuttering of two portfolio companies, online used car retailer iMotors and
optical carrier Sigma Networks Inc. of San Jose, Calif.

"Given the opportunity to invest more money at much lower valuations, we think
it will provide us good returns," Bird said. "We don't think it'll be a great
return, but we think it's going to be a positive return."

On the other hand, Meritech, a high-profile late-stage, joint venture involving
four venture firms, Accel Partners, Oak Investment Partners, Redpoint Ventures
and Worldview Technology Partners, began investing its first, $1.1 billion fund
in 1999 and took some hits because of its heavy exposure to communications and
Internet companies. iMotors was among its portfolio bets, as was San Jose-based
optical transport systems provider OptiMight Communications, which shut down
earlier this year.

As a late-stage investor, "They took a double whammy of being late stage and
being involved in broadband, and unfortunately, they got most of their money
about six months too late," said another New York investor who declined to be
identified. Meritech executives did not return repeated calls for comment.

Lerner points up a bigger question: Can late-stage venture funds compete
effectively now that other venture funds have billions in uninvested dollars to
compete. "In the past decade, there was a clean differentiation between early-
and late-stage funds," the economist said. "These early-stage players didn't use
to have much money to continue supporting companies, but they do now."

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Secondaries

                         Copyright 2002 The Deal L.L.C.


                              607 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Southeast Texas Record

                             March 3, 2015 Tuesday

Is Patrick Racz a genuine inventor, or just another patent troll?

BYLINE: Southeast Texas Record

LENGTH: 401 words


our-view

Don't you hate it when someone takes credit for your idea before you've even had
it? Enjoyment of your own brilliance and creativity is greatly diminished when
you discover that your original idea was stolen from you prior to your ... Read
More »

The post Is Patrick Racz a genuine inventor, or just another patent troll?
appeared first on Southeast Texas Record.

Don't you hate it when someone takes credit for your idea before you've even had
it?

Enjoyment of your own brilliance and creativity is greatly diminished when you
discover that your original idea was stolen from you prior to your conception of
it.

How does someone else give premature birth to your brainchild? Did that
presumptuous someone actually have the idea first, were you subsequently exposed
to it unawares, and (when you thought you were conceiving it) were you actually
unknowingly recalling it?

Or could it be, as the saying goes, that great minds think alike and that you
and another great mind both dreamed up your big idea independently?

To take a real-life example, did Patrick Racz (dba Smartflash) really create
various programs for downloading digital content and has Apple actually
infringed upon the patents he holds for them?

A Tyler, Texas, jury clearly thought so when it awarded Smartflash $532,900,000
last week.

According to Apple, however, "Smartflash makes no products, has no employees,
creates no jobs, has no US presence, and is exploiting our patent system to seek
royalties for technology Apple invented. We refused to pay off this company for
the ideas our employees spent years innovating and unfortunately we have been
left with no choice but to take this fight up through the court system."

Smartflash is represented by Bradley W. Caldwell, et al.

"Before founding his own firm," notes an article at ArsTechnica.com, "Caldwell
began his career at McKool Smith, the law firm that mastered the art of wresting
large jury verdicts from tech companies in the small towns of East Texas. His
list of representative clients is a who's who of companies that no one had ever
heard of, until they were able to use a batch of patents to pound tech companies
in court. It's a greatest hits list of patent-troll smackdowns."

This mystery of whose creativity is whose will be reexamined by a higher court.

The post Is Patrick Racz a genuine inventor, or just another patent troll?
appeared first on Southeast Texas Record.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 SoutheastTexasRecord.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Reid, in Diminished Role, Vows Fight With G.O.P.

BYLINE: By JEREMY W. PETERS

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 740 words


WASHINGTON -- After losing nine seats in the election, handing control of the
Senate to the other party and facing a minor revolt from inside your own caucus,
many majority leaders would probably feel a bit chastened.

Not Harry Reid.

The Nevada Democrat, who will become the minority leader when the new Senate
convenes in January, said in some of his first extended remarks since the
election that his diminished role would not discourage him from picking fights
with Republicans on issues ranging from the environment to financial regulations
to women's rights.

''We're going to have to set up for the new battle, which is going to begin on
Jan. 6,'' he said.

His somewhat belligerent tone contrasts with that of Senator Mitch McConnell,
Republican of Kentucky and the incoming majority leader, who has pledged to be
more conciliatory and cooperative with Mr. Reid and his 46 Democrats.

But Mr. Reid made clear that he does not trust Mr. McConnell to string together
the kinds of grand compromises he has vowed to pursue. He also rejected the
notion that Democrats' defeat in the midterms would engender passivity. And he
said that Republicans were simply too radical to put forward an agenda that
voters would trust.

''They want to eviscerate Clean Air, Clean Water, E.P.A.,'' Mr. Reid said,
referring to the landmark environmental laws that established new pollution
standards and created the Environmental Protection Agency.

''Is there enough they can do to help Wall Street? I don't think so. Big banks?
I don't think so,'' he said, adding, ''That's where the new battle is going to
be.''

Mr. Reid said he was not ruling out compromise, but he had no plans to be the
kind of minority leader who just cuts deals for the sake of racking up
legislative accomplishments. ''I'm happy to work with them,'' he said of
Republicans. ''But I'm not going to throw middle-class America overboard.''

Mr. Reid's remarks, which he made in an interview from his suite just off the
Senate chamber (the door outside will say ''Office of the Majority Leader'' for
another few weeks), reflected a hardening sense within the Democratic Party that
voters still supported its positions on issues like raising the minimum wage,
college affordability and women's rights. But Mr. Reid and his fellow Democrats
also believe that they did a poor job of communicating their policies in a way
that gave voters a reason to look past the deepening dysfunction in Washington.

He acknowledged that he thought Democrats had been in pretty good shape until
just a few days before the election. ''Things went south quickly,'' he said.
''But we always thought we had issues on our side.''

In hindsight, Mr. Reid said, it was easier to see how damaging the mismanaged
rollout of the Affordable Care Act exchanges had been. ''We never recovered from
the rollout because the election became one that was directed toward the
president. We couldn't overcome that,'' he said. Still, he added, ''I should
have seen it coming.''

By the time Democrats returned to Washington after Election Day, an irascible
few, like Senators Claire McCaskill of Missouri and Heidi Heitkamp of North
Dakota, were saying they could no longer support Mr. Reid as leader.

If this has humbled him in any way, he is not showing it. ''They didn't have
anybody running against me,'' he said. ''So it made it kind of tough for them.
It's hard to lose an election when you don't have anybody running against you.''

In the end, six Democrats did not vote for him and he was rather easily
re-elected leader.

Mr. Reid, 75, said he would run again when his term is up in 2016, despite many
predictions that this was his last in Washington. In defiance of his skeptics,
he said he was going to start hiring a campaign staff in February. Republicans
will be gunning for him, and they are hoping to recruit Nevada's popular
governor, Brian Sandoval, as an opponent.

This, too, does not ruffle Mr. Reid. ''Brian, if he wants to run, more power to
him. He'd make an excellent candidate,'' he said, adding, ''I've had a lot of
excellent candidates, you know.''

He not only believes that he will hold his seat, but he also does not think much
of Republicans' prospects for winning back the White House in 2016. There could
be as many as three of his colleagues in the Senate -- Ted Cruz of Texas, Rand
Paul of Kentucky and Marco Rubio of Florida -- running.

Asked whether any of them could become president, he dryly replied, ''Of what?''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2014/12/10/us/politics/reid-in-diminished
-role-vows-fight-with-gop.html

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the majority leader, in his office
Tuesday. ''We're going to have to set up for the new battle,'' he said.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY STEPHEN CROWLEY/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 The New York Times Company


                              609 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              Daily The Pak Banker

                              May 3, 2014 Saturday

Timberland Bancorp, Inc. announces net income of $1.16 million

LENGTH: 446  words

DATELINE: HOQUIAM, WA


Timberland Bancorp, Inc. announced net income to common shareholders of $1.16
million, or $0.16 per diluted common share for the quarter ended March 31, 2014.

It compares to net income to common shareholders of $1.41 million, or $0.20 per
diluted common share, for the quarter ended December 31, 2013, and net income to
common shareholders of $1.20 million, or $0.17 per diluted common share, for the
quarter ended March 31, 2013.

In the first six months of fiscal 2014, Timberland earned $2.56 million, or
$0.37 per diluted common share, compared to $2.64 million, or $0.39 per diluted
common share, in the first six months of fiscal 2013.

Michael R. Sand, President and CEO, said, "During the quarter ended March 31,
2014, we devoted considerable resources to improve the technology footing of the
Company. During the quarter we transitioned to a new internet banking provider,
outsourced our core data processing function, outsourced our item processing
function, completed the replacement of all PCs operating on the Windows XP
operating system, implemented a new account opening platform, installed new
customer relationship management software, installed new imaging software and
planned for the transition of our debit card relationship to MasterCard from
VISA.  We also trained staff to effectively use the new systems and engaged the
Ritz-Carlton Leadership Center to provide enhanced customer training to
Timberland employees.  While these investments in enhanced technology and
training increased our operating expenses for the recent quarter, we anticipate
that, long term, we will realize significant operational efficiencies and cost
savings."

Sand added, "Refinance activity has diminished significantly both nationally and
in the Pacific Northwest.  As a result, gain on sale income has diminished to
more normal levels.  During the quarter, we continued our emphasis on the
generation of shorter duration assets including custom and owner/builder
construction loans and C&I credits, which we anticipate will continue to grow in
subsequent quarters." Other real estate owned ("OREO") and other repossessed
assets increased to $13.2 million at March 31, 2014, from $12.5 million at
December 31, 2013, and decreased from $15.0 million at March 31, 2013.  At March
31, 2014, the OREO portfolio consisted of 55 individual properties.  The
properties consisted of 29 land parcels totaling $5.4 million, 19 single family
homes totaling $4.1 million, six commercial real estate properties totaling $3.5
million, and one multi-family property of $170,000.  During the quarter ended
March 31, 2014, six OREO properties totaling $1.2 million were sold for a net
gain of $48,000.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           December 9, 2015 Wednesday
                                   1 Edition

FTC, state oppose Hershey, Pinnacle merger

BYLINE: By, Merriell Moyer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 670 words


"The proposed merger would eliminate the significant competition between these
hospitals, resulting in higher prices and diminished quality." FTC official
Debbie Feinstein

The Federal Trade Commission and the Pennsylvania Office of the Attorney General
plan to block the proposed merger of Penn State Hershey and PinnacleHealth.

The FTC and the Pennsylvania Office of the Attorney General issued news releases
Tuesday saying they will file a joint complaint in federal district court on
Wednesday for a preliminary injunction to stop the deal pending an
administrative trial.

"The proposed merger would eliminate the significant competition between these
hospitals, resulting in higher prices and diminished quality," Debbie Feinstein,
director of the FTC's Bureau of Competition, said in the news release.

"We have learned the hard way in Pittsburgh what happens when a health system
has a large market share," Attorney General Kathleen Kane said. "The continued
competition between Pinnacle and Hershey will ensure that the greater Harrisburg
area will continue to have a vibrant and competitive health care market."

Penn State Hershey and PinnacleHealth issued a joint news release, saying, "We
are extremely disappointed that the FTC does not share the enthusiasm of the
many employers, community leaders, private physicians, commercial insurance
providers and others who have recognized the benefits of our integration and
demonstrated their broad support for it," .

The FTC said it has authorized staff to seek a temporary restraining order and a
preliminary injunction in federal court to prevent Penn State Hershey and
PinnacleHealth from continuing with the merger, and to maintain the status quo
pending the administrative proceeding.

The health-care providers said they believe that their integration serves the
best interests of patients and the entire central Pennsylvania community, and
that the joining of their two health systems is completely consistent with the
goals of the Affordable Care Act.

"By coming together, PinnacleHealth and the Milton S. Hershey Medical Center
also create a powerful platform to produce future generations of health care
providers and make discoveries that improve health," the news release said.

The formal discussions for the merger began in November 2013. In June 2014, Penn
State, Penn State Hershey, and PinnacleHealth and their joint venture, the
Pennsylvania Psychiatric Institute, signed a letter of intent to merge into a
new health system.

In March of this year, Penn State's Board of Trustees approved the proposal to
merge Milton S. Hershey Medical Center with PinnacleHealth System to form a new
health enterprise under Penn State Health. PinnacleHealth's Board of Directors
also approved the plan, but the proposal still needed approval from the state
attorney general and the FTC.

Penn State and PinnacleHealth filed paperwork to get consent from both entities
but continued to operate separately until they received official approval.

PinnacleHealth, based in Harrisburg, has several campuses and is currently
building a 91,000-square-foot medical facility on the former Annville East
Center on Main Street. It purchased Annville Family Medicine last year. The
Hershey Medical Center campus in Derry Township includes Penn State College of
Medicine, Penn State Hershey Cancer Institute and Penn State Hershey Children's
Hospital. The Penn State Hershey Health System also includes and other specialty
facilities.

While the merger may be on hold for the moment, Penn State Hershey and
PinnacleHealth said they will continue to explore the possibility of moving
forward with their plans.

"Over the next several days our respective boards and leadership teams, with
guidance from legal counsel, will carefully examine our options in continuing to
advocate for our partnership," they said in the news release.

"The proposed merger would eliminate the significant competition between these
hospitals, resulting in higher prices and diminished quality." FTC official
Debbie Feinstein

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ldn


                     Copyright 2015 The Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                             March 26, 2004 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Magic trumpet, cool guitar get good reviews

BYLINE: RICK de YAMPERT - ENTERTAINMENT WRITER

SECTION: SECTION D; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 631  words


Wynton Marsalis Quartet "The Magic Hour" Blue Note Records **** (of 5) Trumpeter
and composer Wynton Marsalis says the title track of his new album, The Magic
Hour, is characterized by the juxtaposition of augmented and diminished sounds.
But, Wynton, what about that horse whinny you blow on the song Baby, I Love You
you know, right after singer Bobby McFerrins delightful scat? Is that horse
sound augmented or diminished? And what about those hand claps you trade with
your quartets drummer, Al Jackson, on You and Me? And what about those wicked
trumpet squawks you toss up behind singer Diane Reeves on Feeling of Jazz? Lets
forgive Marsalis for talking deep music theory one moment and then acting like a
kid with a new toy the next. As the first jazz musician to win the Pulitzer
Prize in music (for his 1997 recording Blood on the Fields), Marsalis has won
that right. Besides, much of the magic of The Magic Hour comes from a certain
ambivalence: One moment Marsalis is keeping an eye on the jazzerati and his role
as Jazz Brother No. 1 (even the United Nations said hes the King of Jazz by
appointing him an international ambassador of goodwill). The next moment
Marsalis is skylarking (to borrow a word from author Kurt Vonnegut) that is,
Marsalis is pulling childish tricks and shticks that, if done by a novice, would
bring curses from those jazzerati. Yet Marsalis doesnt go overboard with the
tricks on these eight original compositions, which make up his first jazz
ensemble studio recording in five years. Those two vocal numbers find Marsalis
and company charmingly relaxed. On the funky Big Fat Hen, the trumpeter reveals
his New Orleans roots and makes one believe hes blood kin of the Meters or the
Neville Brothers. Yes, the title track is a bit cut-and-paste. In his effort to
cover the four basic attitudes of jazz: 4/4 swing, Afro-Hispanic rhythm, blues
and the ballad, Marsalis taps the brakes like Dale Earnhardt Jr. driving behind
grannies in golf carts. But the tracks Flight of the Bumblebee passages will
soothe those savage jazz beasts who yearn to hear the master whip up some
be-bop. Marsalis playfulness doesnt diminish The Magic Hour it augments his
mastery. Los Straitjackets

Supersonic Guitars in 3-D Yep Roc Records *** (of 5) Los Straitjackets are the
greatest instrumental, surf guitar, Mexican wrestling mask-wearing rockers this
side of Jupiter. OK, Los Straitjackets are the only instrumental, surf guitar,
Mexican wrestling mask-wearing rockers this side of Jupiter. But that little
factoid doesnt detract from the sublime achievement of this quartet. Since
forming in Nashville in 1994, when guitarist Danny Amis pulled out some
ridiculous pro wrestling masks he had scored on a trip to Mexico City, the
Jackets have been turning the twang knob on their amps up to 11, and putting a
hammer lock on Ventures- and Duane Eddy- style rock n roll. Along the way, the
band has landed gigs on Late Night with Conan OBrien and the horror-beach movie
parody Psycho Beach Party, and their instrumental tunes have been featured on
the TV shows Malcolm in the Middle, Ed and Melrose Place. While a press release
claims the band has beefed up the twang on Supersonic Guitars in 3-D, via such
heavy works as Time Bomb and Tarantula, its still music thatll conjure Baron Von
Zipper, Annette and Frankie on a Malibu beach in 1965. And 3-D lives up to its
title the cover is three-dimensional if one dons the special glasses included
with the CD. Cool. (Readers can comment on The News-Journals music reviews, or
post their own reviews, by visiting The Daytona Beach News- Journal online. Go
to www.news-journalonline.com/music, then look under message boards.) Ratings:
***** classic, **** excellent, *** good, ** mediocre, * poor.
rick.deyampert@news-jrnl.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Caption: Photo 1: Jazz trumpeter Wynton Marsalis has a new CD on music
store shelves.Blue Note RecordsPhoto 2: The band Los Straitjackets plays some
cool guitar music.Yep Roc Records

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2004 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2004 News-Journal Corporation


                              612 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            June 17, 2015 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Andrew Cuomo, mere mortal

BYLINE: BY BILL HAMMOND

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 747 words


When New York's rent laws expired Monday night, something else died with them:
the myth of Gov. Cuomo as the great and powerful wizard of Albany.

The man who once worked near-miracles in the Legislature - Legalizing gay
marriage! Taming Medicaid! Capping property taxes! Balancing budgets! - is now
struggling merely to continue a regulatory system that dates back to FDR.

The man whose clout and fearsome personality once cowed critics into silence has
devolved, in the first six months of his second term, into a bipartisan whipping
boy.

The rent laws will undoubtedly return in some form when Assembly Democrats and
Senate Republicans tire of their brinksmanship. But Cuomo's diminished political
mojo will probably never go back to what it used to be.

Also circling the drain - thankfully - is Albany's infamous three-men-in-a-room
system, under which the governor and leaders of the Assembly and Senate have
made all the big decisions behind closed doors.

This being the case, the state's political culture must adjust to the new
reality - and stop expecting Cuomo to wave his wand and make everything happen.

Cuomo's first-term successes, magical as they sometimes seemed, grew out of
real-world advantages that he skillfully marshaled and deployed - many of which
no longer exist.

Then, he had a massive popular mandate based on the detailed agenda he laid out
during his first run for governor and his landslide victory at the polls.

This term, he won reelection by a narrower-than-expected margin without offering
much in the way of fresh ideas, and his poll numbers have sunk to new lows -
kryptonite for a political strongman.

Then, Cuomo had two huge threats to hold over lawmakers' heads - that he would
veto the redrawn legislative districts they sorely wanted to rig for their own
benefit, and that he would subject them to a probing by an anti-corruption
commission.

But those weapons, having been discharged, are no longer in his arsenal.

Then, he had the help of Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver and Senate Majority
Leader Dean Skelos - who, for all the flaws that got them arrested on corruption
charges, were at least confident deal-makers and skillful cat-herders in their
respective houses.

Now, his bargaining partners are Speaker Carl Heastie and Majority Leader John
Flanagan, newbie replacements who are still finding their leadership legs.

Though Cuomo's leverage is obviously much diminished, too many interest groups
still pin their hopes chiefly on him to get things done - and hold him primarily
to blame when that strategy fails.

Tenant activists, for example, have singled out Cuomo at rally after rally. They
have gotten arrested outside his office. They have even threatened to campaign
against him in the 2018 Democratic primary.

When the midnight Monday deadline passed without agreement, an email from the
Met Council on Housing declared: "Rent laws expire. Cuomo is to blame."

Yet the real obstacle to the dramatically strengthened rent laws these advocates
seek is not Cuomo - who officially supports their agenda - but Flanagan's
Republican majority in the Senate.

Ideologically pro-business, heavily backed by landlord money, fully aware that
the city's apartment dwellers overwhelmingly vote for Democrats, the Senate GOP
has zero interest in giving tenants what they want - unless they get something
valuable in return.

Trying, in his way, to be constructive, Cuomo has floated a possible trade: If
the Assembly passes some version of an education tax credit - which would
subsidize scholarships for low- and middle-income students attending private
schools - the Senate could give something back on rent.

The tenants' Democratic allies in the Legislature turn up their noses at such
grubby wheeling and dealing, insisting that rent laws should be determined on
their own merits.

But in practically the same breath, they demand that Cuomo somehow force
Flanagan to cave.

If Cuomo ever had that kind of muscle, he certainly does not now. One of the few
tools left in his arsenal is the smarts to craft a workable swap.

"Part of my job is to get both parties to agree to a solution, right?" Cuomo
told The New York Times. "If there is going to be a compromise reached that
meets the needs of both houses, those are the two primary needs at this time."

Would a rent-for-scholarships trade be pretty? Sausage-making never is. But it
has the advantage of being possible.

At this point for Cuomo, with the magic gone, possible is as good as it gets.

whammond@nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN; OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                              613 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            February 26, 2012 Sunday

Izturis not a happy camper

BYLINE: Bill Plunkett Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 692 words

DATELINE: TEMPE, Ariz.


Bobby Abreu wasn't the only Angel sitting in Venezuela this winter stewing over
his diminished role in the team's 2012 plans.

Maicer Izturis also had to wonder where he fit in as the Angels signed second
baseman Howie Kendrick to a four-year, $33.5 million contract extension and
talked about adding Mark Trumbo to the third-base mix. With Erick Aybar having
won a Gold Glove at shortstop last year, Izturis' avenues to playing time seem
pretty crowded as he arrived in spring training camp this year.

Izturis might share Abreu's expressed preference to move to another team rather
than spend a summer as a part-time player for the Angels. But he wasn't ready to
make any demands.

"Every year, I come in with the same mentality," Izturis said through an
interpreter. "I'm not a guy who worries so much about somebody telling me what
my role is going to be. I come in prepared to help the team in any way I can. I
can't see it (his role being diminished) that way.

"I'm happy with what's happened for Kendrick, locking him up for four years, and
I know about the Trumbo experiment. As a potential free agent, my mentality has
to be to put together the best year possible and make sure I'm helping the
team."

Izturis is entering the final season of a three-year, $10 million contract with
the Angels. Izturis has been one of the best situational hitters in the Angels'
lineup at times over the past few seasons - he is a career .312 hitter with
runners in scoring position, which is only one point lower than Albert Pujols'
career mark in that caregory. He hasn't always been healthy enough to stay in
that lineup but played in a career-high 122 games last season, setting career
marks in plate appearances (494) and hits as well (124).

"I'm proud last year with how much I was able to play," said Izturis, who has
chafed at the "fragile" label attached to him. "That was something I was
striving for, to stay healthy."

Free agency might be Izturis' only route to the everyday role he craves. As much
as he did play in 2011, he was privately unhappy that the Angels have never
given him a chance to be an every-day player at one position.

He thought he might get that opportunity through a trade this winter.

"I heard a lot in Venezuela this winter," Izturis said of trade speculation. "I
heard Colorado was interested. I heard Detroit and some other clubs. I can't
confirm that. But it's always interesting when your name is floated out there.

"I also take it as ... if I could have been valuable in winter and brought
something to the Angels, it would have been a valuable exchange."

Izturis could be a valuable trade piece for the Angels if things play out the
way they hope this spring. But as crowded as things could get at third base and
as entrenched as Kendrick might become at second, Izturis is still the Angels'
best option at shortstop if Aybar were to go down for an extended period of time
because of an injury. Andrew Romine is a defensive option but offers little
offensively. Jean Segura is a hot prospect - but he has yet to play above
Class-A for any length of time.

"I know the situation and the way it is here," Izturis said. "At the same time,
free agency might bring opportunities for me and my playing abilities.

"I don't want to get distracted by that."

Morales workout

It was another outdoor running day for Angels rehabbing slugger Kendrys Morales.
He ran six straight-line sprints on the outfield grass (about 90 feet) after
taking batting practice, the way he has every other day this week. But the
intensity was increased.

Morales is on track to start adding turns to his running in a gradual
progression. Some time next week, he should start doing his sprints in a soft
zig-zag pattern on the outfield grass. Running the curve of the infield (first
to third, still on the outfield grass) would be the next step after that.

Angels manager Mike Scioscia said earlier this week that the "window" to start
getting Morales in games is the second week in March. The Angels start their
Cactus League schedule March 5 against Oakland.

Morales has not faced competitive pitching or played in a game since he
fractured his left ankle on May 29, 2010.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              614 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                              June 2, 2015 Tuesday
                               Australian Edition

OPEC set to meet amid weakening pricing power

BYLINE: BENOIT FAUCON, BILL SPINDLE, ADDITIONAL REPORTING: SUMMER SAID

SECTION: WSJ; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 628  words


This week's meeting of the world's oil cartel will show how much its power has
diminished amid sweeping changes in the global energy market.

Oil prices have plummeted in the past eight months because of a half-decade
surge in US production and weak international demand. Brent crude for July
delivery ended Friday near $US65 a barrel on London's ICE Futures exchange, far
below the $US100 needed by several members of the Organisation of the Petroleum
Exporting Countries to balance their budgets.

In the past, OPEC forced prices higher by cutting production, or it steadied
them by flooding the market during crisis, war or when it wanted to make a point
about its collective might.

The 12-country group's meeting in Vienna on Friday is likely to result in a very
different response: doing nothing.

OPEC delegates expect the group to keep its current production ceiling of 30
million barrels a day in place for the seventh meeting in more than three years.

"OPEC is the past, and its leverage over the economies of the world has been
significantly diminished," John Hickenlooper, a former oil industry executive
who is now Colorado governor, said recently. "We really control our own fates."
Colorado produced more than 86 million barrels of oil last year, part of the US
boom that helped shrink OPEC's share of world production to about one-third from
more than 50 per cent in 1979, when the cartel was unchallenged.

OPEC leaders concede their pricing power has weakened, though some have publicly
signalled confidence they can wait out low oil prices.

Worldwide oil production now exceeds demand by about two million barrels a day,
according to the International Energy Agency. With demand expected to grow by
more than a million barrels a day this year - and the growth in US output
projected to end - OPEC leaders have said supply and demand are likely come into
balance in the next few years. Members hope that will help them regain their
leverage.

"We have a long-term view," Saudi Arabia's long-time Oil Minister, Ali al-Naimi,
said in a speech in Berlin in March, recalling cuts the cartel made in the 1980s
during a global oversupply caused by production from the North Sea and Alaska -
cuts that were damaging to OPEC's interests because its rivals kept on filling
the vacuum. "We will not make the same mistake again," he said.

Privately, though, some OPEC delegates were rattled by Mr Naimi's suggestion to
the group last year that it begin meeting just once a year, rather than twice a
year as it long has. Several delegates interpreted this as a signal that even
the world's largest oil exporter and most important OPEC member thinks the group
has lost much of its influence.

There is no sign OPEC will give in this week to pressure from some member
countries to lower production. OPEC pointedly avoided a cut at its last meeting
in November.

The holding pattern only deepens the financial misery for producers caused by
the slide in prices from above $US100 a barrel for three years until last
summer. In recent internal discussions, OPEC delegates have acknowledged grimly
that oil prices won't return to that level in the foreseeable future. "It is a
new reality," said one. "And this will put the unity of OPEC to the test."
Prices now are set by energy traders and industry officials around the world. In
the US, producers that idled drilling rigs as prices fell say they can quickly
increase output when prices rebound.

"If OPEC or Saudi Arabia or anyone else wants to call" the US to curtail
production, "there is no one to call", said Amos Hochstein, co-ordinator for
international energy affairs at the State Department, in May."You will have to
call 4000 companies operating in the US as producers. For the first time, there
is an element of real free market."

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 26, 2005 Tuesday

Patch boosts sexual desire in women with no ovaries

BYLINE: SHERYL UBELACKER, Canadian Press

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 543 words


A skin patch that delivers steady doses of testosterone may help boost sexual
desire in women who've had their ovaries surgically removed, a study suggests.

The testosterone patch, which is in the testing stage and not yet approved in
Canada or elsewhere, was found to increase diminished sexual desire by 67 per
cent, compared to 48 per cent for women wearing a dummy patch; sexual activity
rose 79 per cent for those on the patch, versus 43 per cent on placebo.

Testosterone is generally thought of as a supercharged male sex hormone. But
women produce some, too. In both sexes, it has a similar effect - it lifts the
libido.

Testosterone levels steadily decline with age or will drop dramatically if a
woman has her ovaries surgically removed. (The hormone is produced in the
ovaries and adrenal grand.)

For the study, sexual desire was measured through questionnaires that gave
scores to answers about such topics as desire, arousal and orgasm. The
multicentre international study involved 447 women, ages 24 to 70, who had
undergone hysterectomy and removal of their fallopian tubes and ovaries, and
were on estrogen therapy.

A team of researchers led by Dr. Glenn Braunstein of Cedars-Sinai Medical Centre
in Los Angeles found the 300-microgram-per-day dose showed the greatest effect
on sexual desire and activity.

The effects of the testosterone patch were "clinically significant," Dr.
Braunstein said in an interview, noting that some questionnaire scores were
almost double that of those in the placebo group.

Diminished sexual desire has been reported by 30 to 50 per cent of women who
undergo surgically induced menopause, says the study published today  in the
Archives of Internal Medicine. Levels of sex hormones, estrogen and
testosterone, fall after removing the ovaries.

In the 24-week study, the women were randomized to receive placebo patches or
testosterone patches twice weekly in one of three progressively higher doses.

Testosterone levels were checked at the start, at 12 weeks and at 24 weeks.
Changes in sexual desire and frequency were determined from the women's reports.

In an accompanying editorial, Dr. Robert Vigersky of the Walter Reed Army
Medical Center in Washington calls the effects of the patch as demonstrated in
the study "modest."

"When put in the descriptive terms of the questionnaire, the testosterone
treatment only raised the level of sexual function from 'seldom' to 'sometimes.'
Similarly, the frequency of satisfying sexual activity increased by 79 per cent
in the testosterone-treated group, compared with 43 per cent in the placebo
group, but on a monthly basis this was an absolute increase from three to five
episodes."

Dr. Braunstein agreed the gains appear to be modest, but that doesn't negate
their potential importance: "If an individual is distressed by their decreased
sexual function and this [the testosterone patch] reduces distress . . . then
that is a positive effect over and above just the increased frequency of sexual
activity."

Still, while it's clear that taking the hormone may help, "testosterone is not
the only answer," said Dr. Braunstein, noting that mood, relationship issues,
certain medications and other health conditions also play a role in sexual
desire and function.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    NOVEMBER 27, 2001 Tuesday CITY-D EDITION

War has not diminished Army-Navy game;
War hasn't diminished Army-Navy game

BYLINE: Bill Lyon

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 897 words


He coaches a football team that is without a win.

Not one. Not one single one. The record: 0-9. How would you like to have to drag
that anvil around?

"You know what?" the coach asked, with the answer coming right behind. "I can't
wait to come to practice. You'd never know they haven't won, not from their
attitude, not from their eagerness to practice. They just don't discourage."

Of course they don't. They are trained not to. Surrender is unthinkable. In a
time when it is fashionable to alibi and rationalize, to weasel and bail, to
pervert the truth and tie tin cans to reason, they are taught that, no matter
what the question, there are only three acceptable answers, and those are:

"Yes, sir.

"No, sir.

"No excuse, sir."

The Midshipmen of the United States Naval Academy have won one game in two
years, one game out of the last 20. Of course, it was a keeper - it was over
Army. If you're only going to win one, that's the one.

"You know what the last two words of the national anthem are, don't you?" the
coach asked, and again the answer was following right behind:

"Beat Army."

Navy will try to do that again Saturday, in the 76th Army-Navy game to be held
in Philadelphia, and the last to be held in Veterans Stadium, and one that will
vibrate with patriotism.

This one will have haunting echoes. Many of those who play in it will be playing
their last football game. But more than that, they will soon be, in the words of
Navy linebacker Jake Bowen, "sailing into harm's way." Most of the time
recently, that's been only a possibility. Now, it is a reality. Now, we are at
war.

"This is what we have prepared for," Bowen said. "Dangerous waters."

And yet for all that, there is still a game to be played. Check that. There is
still The Game to be played. It's always been grand and glorious spectacle. But
now, is it diminished? Does war make a game seem frivolous? Or is it even
larger?

"It still matters," Bowen said. "It's such a big game; it's another way to unite
the American people. And all the troops who are already fighting, we're like
their little brothers. We'll be with them soon enough. Maybe we can give them a
few hours of relief."

It's as perfect as an answer can be.

Rick Lantz is the Navy coach. He got the job on the last Sunday of October. He'd
waited only 37 years.

Navy fired Charlie Weatherbie after the seventh game of this season. Lantz, who
was the defensive coordinator, was promoted. At the age of 63, after a 10-stop
travelogue through the collegiate game and the NFL, he is a head coach.

"I never lost faith," he said, "but I never worried about it, either."

He was a Marine. Check that. He is still a Marine because once you are semper fi
it is for always.

He has the jaw jut and the eye glint of a Marine.

"Coach Lantz is hard-nosed, definitely," Bowen said. "He's the opposite of Coach
Weatherbie, who was a little more laid-back. Coach Lantz wants us to be tough
guys."

Coach Lantz told them: "Learning to win is difficult. Being afraid you might
lose is tough enough to overcome. You cannot make a mistake and say, 'My bad.'
There's not going to be any more 'My bads.' My bad means: I didn't do what I was
supposed to do, but I apologize, so that's OK. Well, B.S. ! We're not buying
into that anymore."

In Lantz's first game as head coach, Navy lost to Tulane, 42-28. Then it lost to
Notre Dame, 34-16. Now, the Cadets await.

"They stand between us and zero for the season," Lantz said.

"Two teams are going to play like hell," he said. "That's not a promise, it's
fact. This isn't just another game. It's not the same. People who haven't been
through it just don't understand. It's not the same as other games."

No, it's not, and Rick Lantz knows whereof he speaks, because, from 1971 through
1976, he was the defensive coordinator at Navy.

Even now, after all those years and all those stops at other football places, he
still remembers those early Saturday mornings of Army-Navy when the team caravan
would come rolling over the Walt Whitman Bridge from its Cherry Hill hotel.

"You could see the stadium and you could see people already gathering in it," he
said.

Those were the days of JFK Stadium, when 100,000 routinely gathered for
Army-Navy, when the President would switch sides of the field at halftime. That
arena is long gone, and on its bones rose the First Union Center.

"That little horseshoe down at one end," Rick Lantz said, closing his eyes and
summoning the memory, "it was down low so you knew those people sitting there
wouldn't be able to see much of the action, but there they were anyway, just
glad to be part of it, just glad to be able to say they were at Army-Navy.

"I used to go sit with them and talk. They were excited. And so was I. I love
everything about college football, but there's nothing like Army-Navy."

He's right. There isn't.

"You know," he said, "these guys are going to be playing their last game, and
then they're going to be laying it on the line."

Knowing that, this one will be special, especially when the Midshipmen and the
Corps of Cadets stage the march-in. It is a sight to stir the soul.

"I'll tell you," Rick Lantz said, "it's moving. You choke up. You don't trust
yourself to speak."

And just the thought of it was enough to make the Marine fall silent.

Bill Lyon's e-mail address is blyon@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Commentary

                  Copyright 2001 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Charleston Gazette-Mail

                            July 28, 2016, Thursday

Fed tone suggests rate hike early as September

BYLINE: Martin Crutsinger, The Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. P2C

LENGTH: 814 words


WASHINGTON - The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that near-term risks to the U.S.
economy have diminished, reviving the prospect that it will resume raising
interest rates as soon as September.

The Fed noted that the U.S. job market has rebounded, with robust hiring in June
after a deep slump in May. At the same time, the Fed said in a statement after
its latest policy meeting that it plans to closely monitor global economic
threats and financial developments to ensure they don't slow the economy.

The Fed seemed to be referring in particular to Britain's vote last month to
leave the European Union - a move that poses risks to the rest of Europe and to
the global economy.

The central bank gave no specific timetable for when it might resume the rate
hikes it began in December, when it raised its benchmark rate from a record low.
But some analysts who had doubted that the Fed would be ready to raise rates as
soon as September said Wednesday's statement appeared to revive that
possibility.

"The Fed is saying that near-term risks have diminished, so that certainly puts
September back in play, said Brian Bethune, an economics professor at Tufts
University.

Bethune said he still thought the Fed would wait until December before raising
rates but that a September move was possible if hiring remains strong and the
global economy and markets remain stable.

Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, noted that "the Fed gave
a very upbeat assessment of the U.S. economy, which is the first step toward
prepping markets for another rate hike.

Some also suggested that the Fed's brighter outlook suggests that it's become
less concerned that a British exit from the EU - commonly dubbed "Brexit - would
seriously undermine the U.S. or global economy.

The statement signals that the Fed "does not think that Brexit will be a
significant hindrance for the U.S. economy, said Carl Tannenbaum, chief
economist at Northern Trust.

Analysts said the next important signal of the Fed's thinking could come when
Chair Janet Yellen speaks at an annual central bank conference in late August in
Jackson Hole, Wyoming.

Stock averages posted a modest increase Wednesday after the statement was issued
at 2 p.m. Eastern time, before drifting lower later in the afternoon. The yield
on the 10-year Treasury note dipped from 1.53 percent to 1.51 percent.

The decision to leave its key rate unchanged in a range of 0.25 percent to 0.5
percent was approved on a 9-1 vote. Esther George, the president of the Fed's
Kansas City regional bank, dissented for the third time this year, arguing for
an immediate quarter-point rate hike.

A few months ago, it was widely assumed that the Fed would have resumed raising
rates by now. But that was before the U.S. government issued the bleak May jobs
report and Britain's vote last month to quit the EU triggered a brief investor
panic.

Since then, though, a resurgent U.S. economy, the bounce-back in hiring and
record highs for stocks have led many economists to predict a Fed move by
December if not sooner. In June, employers added 287,000 jobs, the most since
October 2015.

In December, when the Fed raised its benchmark rate from a record low near zero,
it also laid out a timetable for up to four additional rate hikes this year. But
intensified fears about China's economy and a plunge in oil prices sent markets
sinking and led the Fed to delay further action.

Once the markets stabilized, the Fed signaled a likely rate increase by midyear.
Anemic hiring in April and May, though, raised concerns, and it left rates
alone. The central bank was also affected by Britain's forthcoming vote on
whether to leave the EU, anticipation of which had rattled investors.

Now, though, the pendulum has swung back, especially after the arrival of a
reassuring June jobs report. The Standard & Poor's 500 stock index had plunged
5.3 percent in the two trading days after Britain's vote. It has since regained
all those losses - and set new highs.

The economy is also picking up after the year's anemic start. Stronger consumer
spending is thought to have lifted growth, as measured by the gross domestic
product from the January-March quarter to the April-June quarter, with further
acceleration expected later this year. In the spring, consumers boosted spending
at the fastest pace in a decade. Economists also foresee a lift from business
investment, reflecting a rebound from cutbacks in the energy sector.

All that strength might argue for September rate hike, especially if monthly job
growth equals as least 200,000 between now and then. Still, the risks of raising
rates again too soon and possibly choking off economic activity may seem greater
to the Fed than the risks of waiting longer. It has room to accelerate its rate
increases if the economy were to heat up so much as to ignite high inflation.

AP Economics Writer Josh Boak contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 Charleston Newspapers


                              618 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             March 22, 2015 Sunday

PUT A PRICE ON WATER

BYLINE: PRESTON H. HASKELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 1P

LENGTH: 1317 words


Florida faces no more important issue today than water. Polluted rivers,
diminished lakes and disappearing springs endanger our quality of life and put
our economic vitality at serious risk.

At the heart of the problem is overpumping of the Biscayne and Floridan
aquifers. Overpumping has lowered the aquifer levels and artesian pressures,
which in turn have reduced surface water flow from the springs to our rivers and
lakes.

Diminished springs and their reduced river flow have increased pollution from
fertilizer and surface nutrients. Overpumping has also made our aquifers
susceptible to saltwater intrusion, increased the potential for sinkholes and
damaged our wetlands.

For decades, overpumping eroded our aquifers slowly and almost without notice,
but in recent years it has become an alarming condition. Groundwater consumption
statewide has grown from 614 million gallons per day in 1950 to more than 4.2
billion in 2005. While this rate of increase has moderated somewhat in recent
years due to mostly voluntary conservation measures, the exhaustion of those
measures and continued population growth will lead to unsustainable levels of
water consumption and even greater environmental damage unless the issue is
intelligently and thoughtfully addressed.

There is a simple, elegant answer: market pricing to pump water from the
aquifer. In any situation where demand exceeds supply, the pricing mechanism is
the most valuable tool available. Sadly, even though it is the most effective
and efficient way to cut groundwater use, the idea has received almost no debate
or discussion.

Instead, recent attempts to remedy this situation have included both usage
reduction measures and new supply alternatives. Usage reduction has been limited
to small, voluntary and inadequate measures such as shorter showers, low-flush
fixtures, alternate day watering and eco-friendly plants. Admirable and
well-intentioned as these are, they have finite potential and are difficult to
enforce, and further consumption decreases resulting from them will be
relatively small.

New sources of supply implemented over the past two decades have principally
included desalination and wastewater reuse. Both, however, carry high price
tags.

A desalination plant of moderate capacity costs several hundred million dollars
and consumes large amounts of electricity. (The $158 million Apollo Beach unit
that took seven years to function is an example of the potential problems they
have.) Wastewater reuse requires extensive treatment as well as installation of
distribution piping whose cost is prohibitive except in new subdivisions. Over
time, these costs will come down somewhat, but will remain far more expensive
than aquifer water.

Which brings us back to market pricing. Charging a price for aquifer withdrawals
at the wellhead will discourage waste, create incentives to develop new sources,
raise new revenues, and bring discipline and economic efficiency to the
allocation of our groundwater resources. This, in turn, will restore our
springs, rivers, lakes and groundwater to their natural condition, while
assuring adequate water availability for responsible users well into the future.

Under current policy, virtually any water utility, farmer or industrial concern
- even a homeowner - can obtain a permit to drill a well and thereafter withdraw
almost unlimited quantities of water from the Biscayne or Floridan aquifer for
free.

But if charged a market price for consumption at the wellhead, these users would
adopt less wasteful practices and seek alternate sources. Technologies and
methodologies exist for water use reduction at relatively low cost, but there is
presently no economic incentive for implementing them. If faced with either
paying a price at the wellhead or undertaking water-saving measures at a lower
cost, most will opt for the latter.

Indeed, numerous consumption-reducing methodologies that would be more
economically attractive currently exist. Spray irrigation, both agricultural and
residential, can be replaced with drip, bubble, soaker and seepage methods.
Process technologies, including water reclamation and reuse, can vastly reduce
industrial water use.

Commercial buildings, both new and existing, can be fitted with green roofs,
cisterns, condensate reuse systems, pervious pavements and other water reuse and
reduction methodologies. Households can reduce lawn watering (which typically
accounts for half of water usage), as well as car washing and inside use. They
also can detect and correct leaks.

Studies have indicated that agricultural spray irrigation - which constitutes
almost half of all aquifer water use - can in most cases be replaced with
lower-consumption alternatives for approximately 40 cents per thousand gallons
consumed over their useful lives, and other measures cited above would cost up
to $1 per thousand gallons or in some cases more, depending upon specific
circumstances.

The lower-cost measures would be exploited first, and even where economic
payback is less favorable, usage reduction by commercial and industrial users
can be influenced by such factors as image, community relations and customer
expectations.

To encourage such usage reduction measures, pricing of water in a range of 50
cents to $2 per thousand gallons would be reasonable and effective. In this
structure, residential usage would be progressively priced, with the lowest
rates for basic necessities and higher ones for large quantities; nonresidential
users' rates would be determined by economic payback and other financial
factors.

Both economic theory and empirical evidence suggest that if aquifer water were
carefully and analytically priced within this range, a reduction in use of 15 to
20 percent would occur over three to five years. Indeed, most of this could be
accomplished by reducing agricultural irrigation water use by one-third, a
readily achievable number. Such a reduction would return aquifer withdrawals to
1982 levels, which would largely reverse the environmentally destructive effects
being experienced today.

The state revenues resulting from such a price on aquifer withdrawals could
amount to between $1 billion and $1.3 billion annually, depending upon the exact
price structure and actual reductions in water use. This revenue would be
available for, among other things, restoration and protection of the natural
resources which have been ravaged by unrestrained withdrawals from the aquifers.
Up to a certain point, even higher groundwater prices would further reduce
consumption and increase revenues.

All of this constitutes a win-win-win for Floridians. First, environmental
destruction will be reversed by reduced withdrawals. Second, state revenues for
environmental protection will increase by sensibly pricing the remaining
withdrawals. Finally, the overall economics of water production and use will
ultimately be enhanced as cost savings exceed the price of withdrawals.

Water is a state resource, and our Legislature is responsible for making water
policy. However, special interests have long opposed paying a price for this
valuable commodity, leading us to the dilemma we face today. Thus the solution
lies in galvanizing public opinion to cause legislative action that places a
reasonable price on groundwater withdrawals.

More than any other solution available, this will rapidly lead to restoration of
our damaged rivers, springs, lakes and wetlands, ensuring good and sufficient
water supplies to be intelligently utilized for decades to come. To do otherwise
will result in unacceptable impacts upon our unique and precious environmental
resources and will make the ultimate cost of resolving these issues far greater
than that which immediate and responsible action will.

Preston H. Haskell is chairman of the Haskell Company, the largest privately
owned construction firm in Florida. He wrote this exclusively for the Tampa Bay
Times.

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Carlton Ward Jr. - carltonward.com: Florida needs to protect
its aquifer. Manatee Springs State Park produces 100 million gallons of clear,
cool water daily, which meanders through hardwood wetlands to the Suwannee. But
the green algae prevalent at the springhas outcompeted native eel grass, a
symptom of nutrient pollution in the watershed and overpumping of the aquifer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              619 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      SEPTEMBER 28, 1997 Sunday D EDITION

BENNETT REAPED BENEFIT OF A NEW LEGAL STANDARD / A REVISED VIEW OF MENTAL
IMPAIRMENT HELPED HIM GET A LIGHTER SENTENCE.

BYLINE: Joseph A. Slobodzian, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUNDAY REVIEW; Pg. E03

LENGTH: 1025 words


John G. Bennett Jr.'s 12-year prison sentence for his no-contest plea to fraud
and money-laundering charges had a significance beyond its impact on him and his
family.

What U.S. District Judge Edmund V. Ludwig did last week was to apply a newly
revised legal definition of mental impairment that goes beyond what has
traditionally been accepted by the courts.

Bennett established the Foundation for New Era Philanthropy in 1989. When it
collapsed in 1995, it cost hundreds of nonprofit organizations millions of
dollars in the largest charity fraud in U.S. history.

His lawyers, who had said Bennett was delusional, not criminally culpable, in
his activity, had urged Ludwig to depart from the 20-24-year imprisonment range
that federal sentencing guidelines suggest for his crime. Ludwig agreed.

The judge, a 12-year veteran of the court and an expert on mental illness and
the law, said on Monday that the legal question was "problematic" because "it
appears unlikely that [Bennett] had a delusional disorder or more than, at
worst, a mild organic brain dysfunction."

Nevertheless, he added, "It appears from all the evidence that Mr. Bennett's
cognition or volition or both were subjected to a very unusual distortion and
significantly reduced capacity."

In sentencing Bennett, Ludwig had to resolve diametrically opposed opinions from
psychological and psychiatric experts by both sides.

Experts testifying for the defense said Bennett was delusional when he promised
the nonprofit groups that he would double their money in six months through a
small group of anonymous and, as it turned out, nonexistent wealthy benefactors.

Experts hired by federal prosecutors, and by Ludwig himself, called Bennett, 60,
a faker pretending to be mentally disturbed.

But it appears that Bennett may have benefited as much from a recent federal
appeals court ruling as from experts' opinions.

On Aug. 28, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Third Circuit ordered the
resentencing of North Jersey lawyer Kenneth McBroom in a ruling experts say
expanded the concept of diminished mental capacity in federal sentencing law.

McBroom, of Hackensack, was charged with knowingly receiving, possessing and
transporting child pornography that he had downloaded to his home computer.

He pleaded guilty to knowing possession of child pornography and was sentenced
in October 1996 to 15 months in prison. U.S. District Judge William G. Bassler
rejected a motion for a sentence reduction based on diminished mental capacity,
noting that McBroom was able to maintain and operate a solo law practice as well
as operate a personal computer and cruise the Internet.

McBroom's attorneys argued to the appeals court that Bassler failed to consider
McBroom's argument that the legal definition of diminished mental capacity
included impaired ability to control impulses as well as impaired cognitive, or
reasoning, ability.

McBroom argued that he suffered from "multiple disorders of impulse control,"
the result of a childhood marred by sexual abuse by his father, and was
powerless to control his compulsion to view child pornography.

The appeals court ruled that his lawyers should at least be permitted to present
evidence to Bassler to try to prove the theory that McBroom has a "volitional
impairment which prevented him from controlling his behavior or conforming it to
the law."

"We believe that a defendant's ability to control his or her own conduct is a
relevant consideration when determining the defendant's eligibility for a
downward departure" under the sentencing provisions involving diminished mental
capacity, Judge Carol Los Mansmann wrote.

She doubted the ruling would "open the floodgates to every defendant who 'felt
compelled' to commit a crime" because federal sentencing law still prohibits
such a departure in a crime of violence, in which the defendant abused drugs or
alcohol or imprisonment was needed to protect the public.

Thomas A. Bergstrom, a noted defense lawyer practicing in federal court who
defended multi-millionaire John E. duPont, praised the ruling. In February,
duPont was found guilty of third-degree murder but mentally ill in the Jan. 26,
1996, shooting of former Olympic wrestler David Schultz.

Bergstrom said that many criminal defendants have mental problems that do not
fall precisely into the definitions traditionally used by the courts and
psychiatrists and psychologists.

Bennett's lawyers cited the McBroom decision in legal briefs submitted to Ludwig
before Bennett's sentencing hearings.

Bennett's purported mental problems, like McBroom's, did not fit the traditional
definitions. Also like McBroom, Bennett seemed mentally fit to outsiders - a
talented, competent administrator and head of a large international
philanthropy.

Psychological experts hired by the defense contended that Bennett suffered brain
damage in a 1984 auto accident, an injury that triggered a personality disorder
marked by "unchecked religious fervor." That mental disorder made it possible
for him to justify any conduct as long as it fit into his personal plan to
glorify God through good works, they said.

In his comments explaining Bennett's sentence, Ludwig cited three factors and
made it clear that any one would have justified the reduced 12-year prison term.

The first two were Bennett's "exceptional" history of charitable works before
New Era was founded and his "extraordinary cooperation and restitution" with the
foundation's bankruptcy trustee, which included turning over about $1.5 million
in personal assets.

The third factor was Bennett's mental ability and volition. Ludwig used the
appeals court terminology several times in his ruling.

Although Ludwig said experts agreed Bennett has "several personality disorders .
. . The complicating factor . . . is that many clinicians do not believe a
personality disorder is any more than a description of one's personality. They
therefore distinguish it from a mental disease or a disability and reject it as
a basis for legal judgment."

"Court cases, however, have not seen fit to make that distinction," Ludwig
added.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  Asian Image

                              May 1, 2014 Thursday

Man claims he killed wife 'because he saw djinn'

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 931 words


A man killed his wife in self defence when she approached him in the form of an
evil apparition, a jury has heard.

Ahmed Al-Khatib, 35, claims the djinn, an apparition in Muslim beliefs, then
commanded him to bury her body.

Prosecutors say he murdered Rania Alayed, 25, at his brother's flat in Salford
and then began an elaborate deception to convince her family and friends that
she was still alive.

The body of the Syrian-born mother-of-three has still not been found 10 months
after her husband said he buried her between trees near to the A19 in Thirsk,
North Yorkshire.

A jury at Manchester Crown Court was told that Al-Khatib was claiming a partial
defence of diminished responsibility.

Tony Cross QC, prosecuting, said: "The defendant accepts he was responsible for
the death of his wife Rania but he insists it was not his intention to harm his
wife.

"He had been mentally unwell at that time with paranoia manifested in auditory
and visual hallucinations, with a djinn - an evil apparition speaking to the
defendant.

"Immediately prior to the death of his wife the defendant began to see his wife
in the form of a djinn. This vision terrified him and advanced towards him.

"The defendant believed he was going to be killed and pushed her back. His wife
struck her head against a mirror or a piece of furniture and she was rendered
unconscious and then realised she was dead.

"The defendant will say he was acting in self defence in pushing his wife, the
djinn, away. There had been several occasions when he had seen his wife as a
djinn.

"He said he was commanded to bury her. He dug a grave between some trees and
buried her not far from the dual carriageway.

"The prosecution do not accept that the defendant's mental responsibility was
diminished at all."

He said that the defendant had been seen by a number of psychiatrists and
reports were submitted about his behaviour.

A prosecution expert pointed out "concerns whether the actions of the defendant
are simply being made up", said Mr Cross.

At that point the defendant lunged forward from his seat in the dock and put his
hands around the neck of an interpreter.

He had to be physically restrained by guards and the trial was temporarily
halted until after lunch.

Yesterday on the opening day of the trial the proceedings were delayed when
Al-Khatib began banging his head against the glass of the dock.

He is said to have lured his wife to her death on the pretence that his
estranged wife would drop off their children at the home of his brother Muhaned
Al-Khatib, 38, on June 7 last year to spend the weekend with him.

Her brother-in-law left the address with the children some 45 minutes later and
shortly after her husband walked out wearing her clothing, including jeans and
headscarf.

Ms Alayed's body was in a suitcase which was later moved to Muhaned Al-Khatib's
motorhome that travelled towards the North East in the early hours of the next
day.

The prosecution say the marriage was "marred by violence" from Ahmed Al-Khatib
and that Ms Alayed had left him after years of serious domestic violence.

They had fled the Middle East to "a place of safety" in England and settled in
the Middlesbrough area before moving to Manchester in 2009.

She feared for her life and had sought help from the Citizens Advice Bureau, the
police and eventually a solicitor which had angered her husband's family, the
court heard.

Ahmed Al-Khatib, from Knutsford Road, Gorton, and Muhaned Al-Khatib, of Arthur
Millwood Court, Salford, both deny murder but pleaded guilty to intending to
pervert the course of justice by transporting and concealing the body of Ms
Alayed.

A third brother, Hussain Al-Khatib, 34, of Knutsford Road, Gorton, denies the
latter charge.

The trial resumed after lunch.

Earlier the jury was told that telephone, Facebook and message services were
deployed to pretend to others that Ms Alayed was still alive, the court heard.

Mr Cross said: "They did not though fool Rania Alayed's real friends. They
slipped into using language she would never have used and they became
suspicious."

One particular "callous and calculating" ruse was devised to make it appear as
if the mother-of-three was in Turkey.

Muhaned Al-Khatib was said to have persuaded a friend to forward a text message
to the victim's father when she visited the country.

It read: "My beloved father, I know you are upset by me.

"I am in Turkey. I have been here a few days.

"Ahmed has divorced me and I am going to remarry someone.

"I know you are upset with me but I am sorry."

Ahmed Al-Khatib was arrested on July 4 and made no complaint of any mental
illness, the court heard.

He told police the relationship had been trouble free until January last year
when his wife rang police about a row when he had taken her phone.

He said he had seen pictures of his wife in underwear.

Detectives were told he had not seen her since April and he had tried to contact
her 30 times but believed her to be in Turkey or Syria.

Mr Cross told the jury: "Quite plainly, ladies and gentlemen, the majority of
these facts were lies. He knew full well. He had killed her."

The next day Muhaned Al-Khatib told police that Ms Alayed was not alive and she
was buried at the side of a layby on the A19.

He denied helping his brother to bury her or murder her and said he had not seen
her body.The court heard he agreed to show police where her grave was but the
location could not be found.

Mr Cross said DNA from the third defendant, Hussain Al-Khatib, was linked to a
pair of scissors found in the motorhome - said to have been used to cut up the
suitcase.The trial is estimated to last up to five weeks.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             American Medical News

                                 April 28, 2008

News in brief - April 28, 2008

SECTION: HEALTH; Pg. 26 Vol. 51 No. 16

LENGTH: 755 words



HIGHLIGHT: 'Women's waistline fat tied to cancer, heart health' and other items

Women's waistline fat tied to cancer, heart health

A new study has found that women with excess fat around their waists, even if
they are at normal weight, are at greater risk of dying early from cancer or
heart disease than are women with smaller waistlines.

Women with a waist size of 35 or more inches were about twice as likely to die
prematurely as were women whose waists measured less than 28 inches. The study
was published online April 7 in Circulation, the journal of the American Heart
Assn.

The researchers analyzed data from more than 44,000 women in the Nurses' Health
Study over the course of 16 years to track their medical histories and
lifestyles.

New tool for alcohol abuse screening

A new, interactive video training program is available to physicians in
screening patients for heavy drinking and helping them to cut down or quit. The
video is available online from the National Institute on Alcohol Abuse and
Alcoholism (www.niaaa.nih.gov/guide).

The program, which includes a tutorial and four 10-minute case studies led by an
expert clinician, takes about an hour to complete. "The videos model clinicians
interacting with patients with different levels of alcohol involvement and who
are in different stages of readiness to change," said Mark Willenbring, MD,
director of NIAAA's Division of Treatment and Recovery Research.

The videos also take place in various settings showing physicians in primary
care, mental health and other specialties.

Heavy backpacks decrease blood flow to arms

Wearing a loaded backpack reduces blood flow to the arms, according to a study
presented at the annual meeting of the American Physiological Society in San
Diego earlier this month.

Researchers had eight healthy volunteers put on 26-pound backpacks for 10
minutes. This diminished blood flow in the brachial artery and halved
microvascular activity to the index finger. The authors suggest that this could
lead to fatigue and loss of fine motor control.

"We surmise that the mechanisms of diminished blood flow is likely due to strap
compression of the axillary vein," said Timothy Neuschwander, MD, lead author
and a postdoctoral fellow at the University of California, San Diego. "We think
that backpack straps may benefit from a redesign that skirts the vein leading
from the upper extremity to the heart."

The authors are particularly concerned about the majority of children who carry
heavy backpacks as well as adults in professions such as firefighting that
require hoisting large loads this way.

AIDS drug waiting lists nearly gone

The number of people served by the federally funded, state-run AIDS Drug
Assistance Program hit an all-time high in 2007, but almost no one remained on
the waiting lists, according to a report issued April 8 by the Kaiser Family
Foundation and the National Alliance of State and Territorial AIDS Directors.

The 12th annual "National ADAP Monitoring Project Report" found that 146,000
were enrolled in the program nationally in 2007. Waiting lists practically
disappeared because of increased state funding and pharmaceutical drug rebate
programs. In March 2007, four states had 571 people on waiting lists. As of
March 2008, only Montana had three people on lists.

The report also found that, although the number of people on ADAP rolls and the
amount of money spent on medications has increased significantly over the past
decade, this growth has slowed in recent years. The number of people
participating in this program grew 226% from 1996 to 2007, but only 5% from June
2006 until June 2007. Drug spending grew 525% from 1996 to 2007 but only 6% from
June 2006 to June 2007.

The report can be accessed at the Kaiser Family Foundation's Web site
(www.kff.org/hivaids/hiv040808pkg.cfm).

FDA reviewing asthma drugs link to mood changes, suicide

The Food and Drug Administration is investigating the possible association
between the asthma medication montelukast and mood changes and suicide. This
possibility is already on the label, but the agency is hoping better to
understand and quantify the phenomenon.

The agency also is in discussions with Merck & Co., the manufacturer, about how
to communicate this information to physicians and patients.

According to a statement issued by Merck, the company is cooperating with the
FDA. The company also highlighted several studies that have failed to
substantiate this link.

The review is expected to be completed by the end of this year. Data related to
other leukotriene-modifying medications, including zafirlukast and zileuton,
also are under review.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 American Medical Association
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                              May 3, 2001 Thursday

Broadview keeps Red Herring afloat

BYLINE: by Rob McGann

SECTION: VC

LENGTH: 480 words

HIGHLIGHT: The online and print magazine publisher's $15M in funding, provided
exclusively by Broadview Capital Partners, will keep it running through a period
of diminished advertising.


Online and print magazine publisher Red Herring Communications Inc. has secured
$15 million to keep the company afloat through a period of diminished
advertising.

Broadview Capital Partners, the lead investor in Red Herring's $28 million
previous round in February 2000, was the sole investor in the round. Ziff-Davis
Inc., which contributed in an earlier equity round, is the only other named
shareholder.

"Getting the funding reflects well on them," said Daniel O'Brien, senior analyst
for Forester Research. "I think that Red Herring will ultimately be one of the
survivors among new-economy publications."

In March, Red Herring sold approximately 150 advertising pages - almost 100 less
than its total of 248 pages sold in March 2000, according to figures compiled by
the Magazine Publishers of America. That 40% decline is five times the average
7.9% drop for print newspapers and magazines between in the same period.

Red Herring insisted it still has reasons to feel confident, including a stated
circulation of about 325,000 and coveted traction among Silicon Valley readers.

"There's only one thing I can say about this financing," said Red Herring
spokeswoman Deirdre Hussey. "It proves the strength of the brand."

Yet tremors have been apparent since Red Herring announced successive
restructurings in October and December, in which it laid off 15% of its staff,
or 54 people. The company had decided to cut its burn rate by integrating its
Web and print activities and outsourcing its Web site engineering and hosting
tasks after expected ad revenue didn't appear.

"All new-economy publications are hurting," said Allen Alper, an analyst with
the The Yankee Group in Boston. "Since the market crash, Red Herring did
everything it could to break out its product into separate publications to
accommodate advertisers, but page counts have dwindled."

Red Herring isn't alone in its troubles. The Industry Standard, once a 240-page
periodical, now publishes about 80 pages. A Business 2.0 spokeswoman confirmed
it's for sale, and a deal is expected within days.

That is why few eyebrows raised when rumors, enhanced by a Wall Street Journal
article, began circling this week that Red Herring was looking to Ziff-Davis and
AOL-Time Warner Inc. as potential buyers, something it later downplayed.

Given the new funding, Alper said such a sale was probably unlikely in the short
term.

"With all of its Silicon Valley investors among its readers, Red Herring has an
attractive audience," Alper said. "But the question is: Who's out there to buy a
company like this that has the wallet and appetite? Not many entities have both.

"The $15 million should keep them afloat for awhile, long enough to continue
restructuring," he said. "For Red Herring, the task continues to be to attract
enough paystreams to eke out a profit."

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Venture Capital

                         Copyright 2001 The Deal L.L.C.


                              623 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            leveragedfinancenews.com

                                August 21, 2015

CLO Equity Losing Luster with BDCs

BYLINE: Glen Fest

SECTION: NEWS Vol. 1 No. 1

LENGTH: 648  words


With tightening spreads and rising cost of funds, CLO equity is losing favor
with the business development corporation community.

This month, two BDCs announced plans to exit their equity holdings in
collateralized loan obligations. Both cited the diminishing valuations of their
own stock and a growing belief among BDC stock investors that holding the most
subordinated, and riskiest, tranches in CLOs (particularly those of recent
vintage) no longer makes sense for closed-end funds with limited capital
allocation.

Most noteworthy was the announcement by TICC Capital Corp. on Aug. 4 that its
investment management arm - under new ownership - plans to divest $293 million
of its CLO equity holdings to concentrate almost solely on making direct
middle-market senior loans.

"I think that we are experiencing a very interesting feedback right now in terms
of the dynamic of CLO equity housed within the BDC structure," said Jonathan
Cohen, chief executive for Greenwich, Conn.-based TICC Capital, an an analyst
call. "The market I think has essentially spoken. And the voices said that this
is not a desirable asset quest for BDCs."

Boston-based BDC THL Credit, meanwhile, announced this month during its
second-quarter earnings report that it, too, was going to ditch its CLO equity
positions (totaling $19 million) to redeploy its capital for senior secured
lending plans. Its returns on CLO equity holdings had diminished to the point
that, like a "number" of other BDCs, THL Credit was "effectively closed out" of
the capital markets "based on where we are trading relative to our NAV," stated
Sam Tillinghas, co-CEO and co-chief investment officer for THL, also during his
company's quarterly earnings call.

Wells Fargo structured credit analyst David Preston had previously warned that
equity returns might likely be lower for CLOs issued in the fourth quarter of
2014 and the first quarter of 2015, due to the higher cost of funds issuers were
faced with. Although rising net asset values may offset that somewhat, he wrote
in a July 2 report on CLO equity performance that "the higher funding costs of
late 2014 and early 2015 CLOs are still a significant hurdle, as they give
equity less cushion to withstand an asset tightening cycle."

CLO equity holdings carry risks for BDCs in that as the most subordinated
tranche, the equity holders are the last in line to collect interest and
principal payments on the loans underlying the CLO notes. If defaults spike or
interest rates increase, the funds available for those investors at the end of
the line are diminished, if not wiped out. Unlike banks, BDCs are limited in
their leverage (1:1 debt-to-equity) so funds tied up in dwindling CLO equity
returns can't be put to use with higher-earning senior loans - hence the
decisions by TICC and THL to exit their CLO equity positions. Â

"Most of the BDCs have an origination engine they have to keep feeding" and need
to create liquidity, said Aaron D. Peck, a managing director for BDC Monroe
Capital.

TICC's exit is being orchestrated through the sale of its investment management
arm to Benefit Street Partners, a credit investment arm of Providence Capital
Partners. According to a release, the new owners will look to focus on senior
loans and some mezzanine/surbordinated debt through proprietary access to
Providence's network of clients and industry contacts.

Preston wrote in a recent report looking at the BDC exits that the BDC decisions
do not reflect the market view of CLO equity performance - just the view of how
these investments perform under a BDC structure. "Stellar" returns are still
realized for pre-crisis CLO equity positions with double-digit returns of
between 14.5% and 15.7% (aided by loan spreads that were 200 to 300 bps wider
than at issuance, according to Wells Fargo).

Post-crisis CLOs of broadly syndicated loans have averaged quarterly returns of
4.6%-5.7%.

URL: http://www.leveragedfinancenews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: LEVERAGEDFINANCENEWS_NEWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            March 17, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Artists draw on Facebook;
Social media help some connect, while others use it to sell their work

BYLINE: Mary Brophy Marcus, USA TODAY

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1687 words


El Mac's graffiti art -- spray-painted on walls across the globe -- sometimes
stretches multiple stories high and half a city block long. His larger-than-life
portraits are inspired by Mexican and Chicano art, religious iconography, local
personalities in the neighborhoods where he paints, and the classical artists he
has studied since childhood, such as Vermeer and Caravaggio.

But on Facebook, his massive murals look more like postage stamps. Though the
Web allows for slightly larger images, seeing his work online can't compare with
the real thing. And without the context of a location, his cultural or political
message is sometimes diminished or lost.

For the Los Angeles-born artist, now based in Phoenix, figuring out how to best
use social media and other virtual platforms has been a conundrum.

"I think I'm still trying to figure it all out," says El Mac, 30, whose real
name is Miles MacGregor. "It's got to be a sign of the future, but it's a
devilish sort."

El Mac is like a lot of visual artists wondering how much weight a Web presence
carries. Artists -- like scores of others in less visual fields -- are
struggling with how to use the potential of the new media for
marketing,networking, selling their wares and, for some, making their solitary
workday a little less lonely.

Many artists say they value the beauty of Web surfing and discovering a gem of a
painting, the pleasure of meeting other creative souls they might otherwise
never have known, and debating critics and bloggers. But they also see the
limitations of the virtual world and grapple with how much time to spend online
away from their studios.

For many visual artists online, one of the biggest hurdles is that the aesthetic
experience is lost on the viewer. A picture online doesn't translate size, as El
Mac discovered. The thickness of paint, the way sunlight plays on a surface and
changes throughout the day, the texture of a sculpture or woven fabric against
your hand -- diminished or nil.

Some fields, though, such as photography, are less affected. Photographer Marco
Di Lauro says he got on Facebook "about two or three years ago without having a
specific aim in mind."

"As I was adding people, I realized that most of the photo editors at magazines
and newspapers are on Facebook. I have about 3,900 'friends' now -- most
involved in the photo industry," says Di Lauro, who's based in Rome and shoots
for Getty Images around the world.

While jobs come through his agency, Di Lauro uses Facebook to show his photos
and network. For instance, last month he posted a link to a photo that earned
him an international award. He says colleagues and friends also use Facebook to
send him messages now. "Facebook is becoming like an e-mail service, plus a lot
of other things," he says.

And while he uses it mostly professionally, Di Lauro admits to a little non-work
surftime. "It's fun to look at the women," he says with a laugh.

Soho painter and photographer Laura Levine says she jumped on Facebook a few
years ago to reconnect with musicians she hung out with 20-some years ago.
Levine, 52, one of New York's prolific rock 'n' roll photographers in the 1980s,
shot for Rolling Stone, among others.

'On and off Facebook all day'

"I think there's something about this age, our midlife, when people start to
appreciate the friends they had back then," Levine says. "I'm on and off
Facebook all day -- it's terrible." She also curates a professional page, where
she promotes shows and sells her now-vintage rock photo prints, but she keeps a
tight leash on who sees her personal page.

Others are more open to the masses. Collage artist Michael Anderson, whose
studio is in Harlem, N.Y., has more than 2,800 Facebook friends. He says social
media have been great for networking with other artists, but he's concerned that
the whole concept of "artist" is getting watered down.

"The arts community is definitely very expanded because of sites like Facebook.
There are so many more artists today than there ever were. There is so much more
crap out there, too."

He doesn't believe it's the place to sell. "I don't feel that the people who are
my real collectors are really looking for my work on Facebook."

Museums are catching on, though, says Tyler Greene, a Washington art blogger.
While some contemporary museums such as The Getty, in Malibu, Calif., and the
San Francisco Museum of Modern Art "get" the importance of social media, many
others aren't there yet. "The days of putting out a press release in the local
paper to share what they're doing in the community are long gone," he says.

Much of the Phillips Collection in Washington is online, and the museum is on
Twitter. "We want people to visit. But when they can't, our goal is to meet
people where they live," says Ann Greer, director of communications and
marketing.

A recent National Endowment for the Arts study showed that more than half of
Americans participate in the arts via electronic media, says Sunil Iyengar, NEA
director of research and analysis. Last fall, NEA published a report based on a
2008 survey of more than 18,000 adults. Last month, it released additional
research showing that people aren't just pleasure-viewing art online. They're
also using it for educational enrichment and creating art, Iyengar says.

Sheila Pepe, 51, an installation artist and a professor in the School of Art and
Design at Pratt Institute in Brooklyn, N.Y., says she finds the cult of
personality in the Facebook art world fascinating, and notes that some artists
and art critics have so many "friends" that they have to reject new requests
because they've hit the 5,000-friend limit.

Seattle art blogger and painter Joey Veltkamp believes virtual-world popularity
comes down to how successful a self-promoter you are. "Social media lets you
say, 'Hey look at me,' " he says. If you're good at that, you become a Facebook
celeb, which he says annoys those who don't have that skill set. Still, he
doesn't think anybody's ever going to reach stardom in the art world by being
popular on Facebook.

Connecting with a job

But being a good self-promoter helped Elyce Abrams, a painter from Philadelphia
with 1,932 Facebook "friends," land a show in New York last year. "One of my
friends on Facebook was showing at their gallery, and he had commented on my
work and his gallery saw his comment. That's how we connected," she says.

But even while savvy social media use can help an artist's career, those who
seem to sit on Facebook and post all day long may not be taken seriously, says
painter Amanda Church of New York. "I sometimes think 'Get to work' when I see
people posting and commenting a lot."

Artists and critics agree that social media sites have expanded opportunities
for artists in smaller fields and unified them.

Typeface designer Chris Lozos of Falls Church, Va., says the font design world
consists of about 500 professionals, many based in Europe. He uses Facebook and
Twitter daily to keep up with colleagues and clients.

"Most of us are one-person shops and can't afford blitz media. This is the poor
man's marketing," he says.

Animators like it for the same reasons. "We are like moles sitting in separate
holes," says New York animator Signe Baumane, who shares works in progress on
Facebook. "I get to see a lot of very fresh movies."

Artists who move far from home, such as Victor Ekpuk, a Nigerian-born painter
who has lived in Washington, D.C., for the past 12 years, says his website and
Facebook page help keep his Nigerian family, friends and fellow artists up to
date on his blossoming career, including a recent sale to the Smithsonian. It
also has helped him reach out to young people.

"There's a group of artists I connected with on Facebook called Take Me to the
River. We're collaborating with artists from around the world -- professional
poets and visual artists -- to help at-risk youth who are poets and artists,"
Ekpuk says.

Social media sites also are spurring vibrant conversations about the arts. The
recent Smithsonian National Portrait Gallery controversy over the museum's
decision to pull a video excerpt of an ant-covered Jesus on a Crucifix generated
a heated debate on Facebook and Twitter, Greene says.

Ironically, those same social media sites sometimes censor art. Earlier this
year, Facebook pulled down a drawing of a nude female torso -- mistaken for a
photo -- posted on a page by the New York Academy of Arts.

"It happens on YouTube all the time, too. Classic works of video art have been
posted that contain nudity and they've been taken down -- these are works by
well-known artists who are in museum collections, and they end up getting
booted," says Los Angeles Times art critic Christopher Knight.

"Social networking sites create the illusion of being public spaces, but they
are corporate and they're owned. Any freedom is an illusion," he says.

Though the free-for-all sharing of art on the Web can draw positive attention
and unite artists worldwide, it can work against an artist, too, says Paddy
Johnson, a popular New York-based art critic and blogger.

An 'interesting' downside

"It raises a lot of interesting questions," she says. "Sometimes an artist will
discover a YouTube video of their work -- something someone else shot and posted
-- and it wouldn't have been something they'd wanted up there. ... All of a
sudden you have people evaluating work that you didn't want out there."

How artists define themselves online and how they interact with others can be
important in terms of future success, says John Sisson, assistant director of
Career Services and Alumni Relations at the School of the Art Institute of
Chicago, which offered its first social media course this semester.

"You have to be concerned about how you're presenting yourself -- although
that's open for debate. But things stick around," he says.

El Mac says he wonders whether he should be spending more time honing his
professional image and being available online, but "if I spend a couple days
just doing computer stuff, I start to feel bad, depressed.

"I have to be painting," he says. "I'm not going to be a happy person when I'm
not creating and making art."

LOAD-DATE: March 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Todd Plitt, USA TODAY
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, Color
PHOTO, B/W, H. Darr Beiser, USA TODAY
PHOTO, B/W

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             March 20, 2009 Friday

Shedding lead for wildlife, and for ourselves

BYLINE: The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 790 words


I am sitting on the sun-blasted South Rim of the Grand Canyon, tracking condors
through binoculars and trying to read the numbers on their wing tags as they dip
and wobble above and below me. Next to me is Elaine Leslie, the heroic National
Park Service biologist who never gave up on condors, even when a large element
of the environmental community advocated extinction with dignity."

Without the courage and tenacity of Leslie and her fellow Park Service and San
Diego Zoo condor advocates, we'd have lost these priceless ice-age artifacts to
"plumbism."

Plumbism is an especially hard way for an animal or person to die. The agent is
lead. Symptoms include anemia, memory loss, depression, convulsions, impotence,
stillbirth, miscarriage, paralysis, kidney damage and liver damage.

"When lead is ingested or inhaled, the body 'mistakes' it for calcium and
beneficial metals, incorporating it into nerve cells and other vital tissues,"
explains Leslie, now with the Park Service's Natural Resource Stewardship and
Science Directorate. Many people survive plumbism, albeit with diminished motor
and mental function. Wild animals usually die.

On March 5, Elaine Leslie sent me this eloquent e-mail: "!"

Attached was an intra-agency memo from the Park Service's equally heroic acting
director, Dan Wenk, ordering a ban on lead bullets and fishing tackle "in NPS
units where those activities are authorized." Leslie flings credit around like
confetti, but her fingerprints are all over this bold, belated action.

Condors were in freefall to extinction until October 2007 when another bold,
belated action by California Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger banned lead bullets in
the bird's known range. Hunters weren't much inconvenienced. Non-toxic copper
bullets are more expensive but have better ballistics.

It's not just condors that are being poisoned; it's everything from eagles to
hawks to bears to wolves to songbirds to people. The media paid scant attention
to plumbism-by-bullet until 2008, when studies in Midwestern states turned up
fragmented lead in venison donated to the poor by the "Sportsmen Against Hunger"
program. And research by the North Dakota Department of Health and the U.S.
Centers for Disease Control and Prevention revealed that people who eat wild
game killed by lead bullets tend to have elevated blood levels of lead.

I'm against poisoning the poor. But that's not the only problem I have with
"Sportsmen Against Hunger," which was hatched by Safari Club International in an
attempt to boost an image diminished by "canned hunts," during which members
purchase caged animals -- some with names -- and then shoot them. I grew up in a
culture in which, if you successfully hunted something, you ate it -- a dictum
that was sternly enforced even on a friend who dispatched a skunk.

I have an even greater problem with the mantra from the Safari Club and the gun
lobby that all evidence of plumbism-by-bullet has been fabricated as part of a
plot to disarm America.

The NRA, which fought viciously against the California lead ban, attributes such
reforms to the secret agenda of "environmental and anti-gun extremists." The
U.S. Sportsmen's Alliance pooh-poohs the North Dakota and Centers for Disease
Control studies with this non sequitur: "Hunters have been feeding their
families with deer taken by lead bullets since firearms were invented."

Plumbism was first seen in ducks in 1874, but it wasn't until 1991 that the U.S.
Fish and Wildlife Service got around to banning lead shot for waterfowl. When I
was writing about the impending ban back in 1988, I got precisely the same
response from the gun lobby I get now.

Then-NRA president James Reinke said that "anti-gunners, attacking lead shot
under the guise of environmentalism, have succeeded in gaining a beachhead."
Neal Knox of the Firearms Coalition called the 1991 ban "the latest scalp in a
well-organized, scarcely recognized series of flanking attacks upon the right to
keep and bear arms." And Miles Brueckner of Migratory Waterfowl Hunters Inc.
offered this explanation: "Someone's getting wealthy on steel shot."

I never understood why so many of my fellow hunters were fine with annually
depleting their game supply by about 300,000 ducks and geese fatally poisoned by
lead shot.

We've banned lead in paint, toys, gasoline and shotgun loads for waterfowl. Yet
we persist in festooning the landscape with bullets made from this deadly
neurotoxin. Elaine Leslie puts it this way: "It is 2009. We are better than
this. Time for a change. Time to be accountable to future generations. Time to
get the lead out!"

Ted Williams is a contributor to Writers on the Range, a service of High Country
News (hcn.org). He is the conservation editor for Fly Rod & Reel Magazine.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ted Williams editorial columnist

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Investment News

                                January 26, 2009

Mass-affluent investors are still optimistic about green investing;
Downturn hasn't diminished interest, survey finds

BYLINE: Sue Asci

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 642  words


Despite the economic downturn, investors with more than $100,000 in assets were
still optimistic about investing in green ventures, according to a survey
released today by Allianz Global Investors.

While the online poll of 1,264 participants yielded results similar to one
conducted in 2007 by the New York-based firm, what comes as a surprise is that
interest in environmental investing hasn't diminished, despite the recession.

``We thought that even just the topic of investing alone would get little or no
interest. But the survey showed that there is an interest and belief in
environmental-technology spending and investing,'' said Brian Gaffney, chief
executive of Allianz Global Investors Distributors LLC and Allianz Global
Investors Managed Accounts.

Conducted Dec. 12-19 by GfK Roper Public Affairs & Media, a division of GfK
Custom Research North America of New York, the survey found that most investors
were optimistic about programs outlined by President Obama.

About 78%, said they believed that there will be more policies encouraging
investment in the environment in the next year than under the Bush
administration and that environmental technology could be the ``next great
American industry.'' Also, 74% said that they expected more support from
Congress for environmental policies.

Investors also may be embracing the reality of climate change. Even though gas
prices have declined, 97% of the participants said that they believed that it
still will be important for the United States to explore alternative fuel
sources.

And nearly half, or 48%, said that it is likely that they will make an
investment this year to capitalize on the environmental trend. But that is a
decision that requires research, and 68% said that they needed to consult with a
financial adviser about environmental investing.

Some advisers are already hearing from clients.

``We have gotten more questions than normal on green investing,'' said Pete
Bush, co-founder and partner at Horizon Wealth Management LLC of Baton Rouge,
La., which manages $200 million in assets. As a result, the firm has beefed up
its research, he said.

When clients seek a green investment, Ahouva Steinhaus, president of Asiel &
Associates of San Diego, Calif., typically recommends mutual funds because they
provide a broad variety of investments.

``You have a better chance of including in the portfolio some of the companies
that are going to be the standouts,'' said Ms. Steinhaus, whose firm manages $20
million in assets.

holding back

But not all advisers are taking the lead.

A full 85% of the investors surveyed said that advisers had made no
recommendations to them about environmental investing. In a sign that advisers
may be reacting to clients' caution, two-thirds, 66%, said that environmental
investments made a portfolio more volatile and 27% said that they hadn't made
green investments because it was too hard to get accurate information.

Volatility is probably more about market capitalization than the hue of the
portfolio, said Steve Schueth, president of First Affirmative Financial Network
LLC, a Colorado Springs, Colo.-based organization of 130 advisers specializing
in socially conscious investing that manages $530 million in assets.

``Most of the investment opportunities in the green space are small companies,''
Mr. Schueth said. ``And for the investor, the risk is that you overload your
portfolio with small-cap investments.''

And while 56% of those surveyed said that they somewhat or completely agreed
that investors have to give up some return when buying green, Mr. Schueth said
that comparison should be made based on asset class as well.

Allianz is launching an educational section on its adviser website and is
offering a kit that will help advisers prepare educational presentations for
clients about green investing.

E-mail Sue Asci at sasci@investmentnews.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Art Credit: Al Gore: He has helped bring environmental concerns to the
forefront.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: in


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Ireland

Tibor Rudas;
Concert promoter who put the biggest stars in opera on to stadium stages and
created the Three Tenors

BYLINE: Tibor Rudas

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 50

LENGTH: 1128 words


If Tibor Rudas could have brought the Three Tenors to the O2 Arena to sing along
with Sarah Brightman and Kate Bush, he would have done it. More than that, the
tickets would have sold out in a heartbeat. The half-Jewish Hungarian acrobat,
who as a young man spent six months in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, was
one of the greatest music impresarios of the age. He brought opera to the masses
and in doing so made Luciano Pavarotti the most instantly recognisable tenor in
history. Thanks to the horrified reaction of purists, Rudas was sometimes called
"the most hated man in opera".

When Rudas first came up with the idea of harnessing the combined vocal power of
Pavarotti, Plácido Domingo and José Carreras for a series of concerts in the
world's foremost arenas, the musical establishment scoffed at his vulgarity. It
was assumed that few "ordinary" people would be interested in the spectacle and
that the singers would be diminished in stature. Instead, the Three Tenors, as
the operatic equivalent of a rock super-group, became an international
phenomenon, attracting huge audiences wherever they went.

The critics, notoriously sniffy, had perhaps forgotten that in opera there is
always an element of the unbelievable. It is an art form built around
exaggeration, in which the voice, allied to star-power, is essential to the
enjoyment of a frequently absurd dramatic premise. And what could be more
dramatic, colourful and powerful - perhaps even absurd - than the sight of
Pavarotti onstage (in no way diminished), handkerchief in hand, belting out O
Sole Mio or Nessun Dorma to thousands at Wembley, the Dodgers Stadium in Los
Angeles or beneath the span of the Eiffel Tower while millions more watch on
television across the globe?

The concerts were notable not only for their high production values and
sumptuous locations, but for their strong link to football, to which all three
tenors, as well as Rudas, were passionately devoted. In the public imagination
at least, the most memorable performances were those that kick-started World
Cups, in Rome (1990), Los Angeles (1994) and Paris (1998). Rudas, ever the
showman, did not mind people thinking that it was he who forged the link. In
fact, it was the Italian producer Mario Dradi, who, in 1989, came up with the
idea. Carreras had recently recovered from leukaemia and Dradi had suggested
that Pavarotti and Domingo might wish to welcome him back to the stage in
celebration of the World Cup finals to be held in Italy in 1990, with proceeds
going to Carreras's Leukaemia Foundation.

The three singers jumped at the chance, but saw it exclusively as a one-off,
charity event. This is where Rudas stepped in. It was he, having witnessed the
success of the Rome concert, who saw the immense commercial possibilities of a
tie-up between football and opera. It took him three years to secure the
agreement of the trio. They kept refusing, wishing, he said, to keep the Rome
concert "in their minds as a memory for the rest of their lives". But he
persisted, and following a meeting with João Havelange, then president of Fifa,
football's world governing body, their resistance broke down and the deal was
done.

The result, in 1994, was an even grander event in Los Angeles, held in Dodgers
Stadium, backed by the city's celebrated philharmonic orchestra under the baton
of Zubin Mehta. Every seat was sold, even at $1,000 a time, and the show went
out on television to 103 countries. Frank Sinatra was in the audience, and as
"We like to be in America," adapted from West Side Story, rang out across the
bleachers, he offered his own standing ovation.

The 1998 World Cup, held in France, was marked by an operatic extravaganza in
the Champs de Mars, right next to the Eiffel Tower, at which the theme song,
perhaps inevitably, was Under the Bridges of Paris. The live audience numbered
in excess of 150,000.

In between, and for several years thereafter, a sequence of concerts was held in
London, New York, Madrid, Vienna, Melbourne and a host of other world cities,
with the final two taking place in 2003, by which time Pavarotti was seriously
ill. By the end the format had lost some of its early lustre. Even so, it is
reckoned that millions of music fans heard their first "serious" opera as a
result of Rudas's untiring efforts.

Other projects were less memorable.

An attempt to introduce the Three Sopranos to the world's concert circuit never
gained traction, part of the problem being that the genre was now overly
familiar and the sopranos in question not, arguably, of the top rank. "I want
them to be the new Andrews Sisters," Rudas quipped. Pavarotti was less
convinced. His only comment was, "Brave". Tibor Rudas was born in Budapest in
1920. His father, who was Jewish, worked for an engineering company; his mother
was a seamstress. Tibor trained as a boy soprano, while also developing skills
as an acrobat and dancer. Years later, while pursuing business studies at
university, he and his twin-brother Andras were arrested by agents of the puppet
government installed by the Germans in 1944 and sent to Bergen-Belsen.
Fortunately for them, liberation was not long off. In April, 1945, British
troops arrived. Rudas emigrated to Sydney where, after a stint as a dancer, he
switched roles and began to book artists of all kinds to appear in shows across
the country.

While an inmate at Bergen-Belsen, Rudas had met Anna Sugar, a fellow prisoner,
whom he promised to marry if they survived. He kept his word, but the couple,
who, with his brother Andras, had made up Sugar Baba and the Rudas Twins, later
divorced. His second wife, Leonie-Spedding-Smith, an Australian whom he married
in 1970, was involved in her husband's business career, particularly in the area
of costumes and stage design. She died in 2012. The couple had three daughters,
Kim, Evelyn and Marilyn, and a son, Dean, who followed his father into the
theatre business. All four survive him.

In 1963, Rudas moved to Las Vegas. He earned an excellent reputation and was
sent to New Jersey to develop acts for his employer's newly-opened Atlantic City
operation. Years of success ensued, the highlights of which included
performances on his stages by Sinatra and Dean Martin. But Rudas still harboured
dreams of bringing opera and classical music to a wider public and, on one
occasion, managed to insert an "act" by the New York Philharmonic into the break
between appearances by Donna Summer and Diana Ross.

Over the years Rudas staged numerous concerts by Pavarotti, but it was not until
the success of the Three Tenors concert that he truly hit the jackpot.

Tibor Rudas, impresario, was born on February 20, 1920. He died on September 8,
2014, aged 94

The critics said the concerts would diminish the stature of the singers

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP PHOTO/GREG BAKERPavarotti, right, Carreras, centre, and Domingo sing
together as The Three Tenors in 2001. Promoter Tibor Rudas, below

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              628 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               The Times (London)

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tibor Rudas;
Concert promoter who put the biggest stars in opera on to stadium stages and
created the Three Tenors

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 53

LENGTH: 1128 words


If Tibor Rudas could have brought the Three Tenors to the O2 Arena to sing along
with Sarah Brightman and Kate Bush, he would have done it. More than that, the
tickets would have sold out in a heartbeat. The half-Jewish Hungarian acrobat,
who as a young man spent six months in the Bergen-Belsen concentration camp, was
one of the greatest music impresarios of the age. He brought opera to the masses
and in doing so made Luciano Pavarotti the most instantly recognisable tenor in
history. Thanks to the horrified reaction of purists, Rudas was sometimes called
"the most hated man in opera".

When Rudas first came up with the idea of harnessing the combined vocal power of
Pavarotti, Plácido Domingo and José Carreras for a series of concerts in the
world's foremost arenas, the musical establishment scoffed at his vulgarity. It
was assumed that few "ordinary" people would be interested in the spectacle and
that the singers would be diminished in stature. Instead, the Three Tenors, as
the operatic equivalent of a rock super-group, became an international
phenomenon, attracting huge audiences wherever they went.

The critics, notoriously sniffy, had perhaps forgotten that in opera there is
always an element of the unbelievable. It is an art form built around
exaggeration, in which the voice, allied to star-power, is essential to the
enjoyment of a frequently absurd dramatic premise. And what could be more
dramatic, colourful and powerful - perhaps even absurd - than the sight of
Pavarotti onstage (in no way diminished), handkerchief in hand, belting out O
Sole Mio or Nessun Dorma to thousands at Wembley, the Dodgers Stadium in Los
Angeles or beneath the span of the Eiffel Tower while millions more watch on
television across the globe? The concerts were notable not only for their high
production values and sumptuous locations, but for their strong link to
football, to which all three tenors, as well as Rudas, were passionately
devoted. In the public imagination at least, the most memorable performances
were those that kick-started World Cups, in Rome (1990), Los Angeles (1994) and
Paris (1998). Rudas, ever the showman, did not mind people thinking that it was
he who forged the link. In fact, it was the Italian producer Mario Dradi, who,
in 1989, came up with the idea. Carreras had recently recovered from leukaemia
and Dradi had suggested that Pavarotti and Domingo might wish to welcome him
back to the stage in celebration of the World Cup finals to be held in Italy in
1990, with proceeds going to Carreras's Leukaemia Foundation. The three singers
jumped at the chance, but saw it exclusively as a one-off, charity event. This
is where Rudas stepped in. It was he, having witnessed the success of the Rome
concert, who saw the immense commercial possibilities of a tie-up between
football and opera. It took him three years to secure the agreement of the trio.
They kept refusing, wishing, he said, to keep the Rome concert "in their minds
as a memory for the rest of their lives". But he persisted, and following a
meeting with João Havelange, then president of Fifa, football's world governing
body, their resistance broke down and the deal was done.

The result, in 1994, was an even grander event in Los Angeles, held in Dodgers
Stadium, backed by the city's celebrated philharmonic orchestra under the baton
of Zubin Mehta. Every seat was sold, even at $1,000 a time, and the show went
out on television to 103 countries. Frank Sinatra was in the audience, and as
"We like to be in America," adapted from West Side Story, rang out across the
bleachers, he offered his own standing ovation.

The 1998 World Cup, held in France, was marked by an operatic extravaganza in
the Champs de Mars, right next to the Eiffel Tower, at which the theme song,
perhaps inevitably, was Under the Bridges of Paris. The live audience numbered
in excess of 150,000.

In between, and for several years thereafter, a sequence of concerts was held in
London, New York, Madrid, Vienna, Melbourne and a host of other world cities,
with the final two taking place in 2003, by which time Pavarotti was seriously
ill. By the end the format had lost some of its early lustre. Even so, it is
reckoned that millions of music fans heard their first "serious" opera as a
result of Rudas's untiring efforts.

Other projects were less memorable.

An attempt to introduce the Three Sopranos to the world's concert circuit never
gained traction, part of the problem being that the genre was now overly
familiar and the sopranos in question not, arguably, of the top rank. "I want
them to be the new Andrews Sisters," Rudas quipped. Pavarotti was less
convinced. His only comment was, "Brave". Tibor Rudas was born in Budapest in
1920. His father, who was Jewish, worked for an engineering company; his mother
was a seamstress. Tibor trained as a boy soprano, while also developing skills
as an acrobat and dancer. Years later, while pursuing business studies at
university, he and his twin-brother Andras were arrested by agents of the puppet
government installed by the Germans in 1944 and sent to Bergen-Belsen.
Fortunately for them, liberation was not long off. In April, 1945, British
troops arrived. Rudas emigrated to Sydney where, after a stint as a dancer, he
switched roles and began to book artists of all kinds to appear in shows across
the country.

While an inmate at Bergen-Belsen, Rudas had met Anna Sugar, a fellow prisoner,
whom he promised to marry if they survived. He kept his word, but the couple,
who, with his brother Andras, had made up Sugar Baba and the Rudas Twins, later
divorced. His second wife, Leonie-Spedding-Smith, an Australian whom he married
in 1970, was involved in her husband's business career, particularly in the area
of costumes and stage design. She died in 2012. The couple had three daughters,
Kim, Evelyn and Marilyn, and a son, Dean, who followed his father into the
theatre business. All four survive him.

In 1963, Rudas moved to Las Vegas. He earned an excellent reputation and was
sent to New Jersey to develop acts for his employer's newly-opened Atlantic City
operation. Years of success ensued, the highlights of which included
performances on his stages by Sinatra and Dean Martin. But Rudas still harboured
dreams of bringing opera and classical music to a wider public and, on one
occasion, managed to insert an "act" by the New York Philharmonic into the break
between appearances by Donna Summer and Diana Ross.

Over the years Rudas staged numerous concerts by Pavarotti, but it was not until
the success of the Three Tenors concert that he truly hit the jackpot.

Tibor Rudas, impresario, was born on February 20, 1920. He died on September 8,
2014, aged 94

The critics said the concerts would diminish the stature of the singers

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AP PHOTO/GREG BAKERPavarotti, right, Carreras, centre, and Domingo sing
together as The Three Tenors in 2001. Promoter Tibor Rudas, below

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TIM


                    Copyright 2014 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

Murder suspect's sanity probed;
State experts evaluating Classen's mental capacity

BYLINE: DON HAMILTON, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CRIME; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 493 words


A new psychological evaluation said Battle Ground dentist James N. Classen
didn't have the mental capacity to intentionally kill his wife last Feb. 8, his
attorney said Friday.

The attorney, Jon McMullen, will not contest that Classen stabbed his wife to
death nearly a year ago. During a court hearing Friday, prosecutors said Classen
made a full videotaped confession after his arrest.

"This is not exactly a whodunit, Your Honor," Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Tony
Golik said. "It's going to be a battle of experts."

That means he expects the state's experts to testify to Classen's good mental
health, the defense experts to say he's impaired, leaving the jury to sort it
all out.

Classen faces charges of first-degree murder in the death of Eveann Classen, 56,
his wife of 31 years who was stabbed to death in their home with scissors. The
couple had separated two years earlier when James Classen moved to a duplex in
Orchards while she remained in the couple's home north of Salmon Creek.

Classen, who has remained in Clark County Jail since his arrest, recently
underwent an evaluation by a psychologist hired by the defense. McMullen said
the results showed Classen suffers from a diminished mental capacity and could
not have formed the intent to commit the crime. He did not describe the
conclusions more fully.

On Wednesday, Classen was sent to Western Washington Hospital in Tacoma for an
evaluation requested by the state. Golik said he expects the results to show
Classen capable of committing the crime and capable of standing trial.

A judgment of diminished capacity could prompt a change in the charges against
him and could alter any sentence imposed.

The trial was scheduled to begin Feb. 21. But Clark County Superior Court Judge
John P. Wulle approved McMullen's request for a continuance until April 10.

According to police records, Classen told police he went to his wife's home at 2
a.m. on Feb. 8, 2005, a few hours after leaving choir practice, took scissors
from the sewing room wall and walked to the master bedroom, where he stabbed her
several times.

Classen then went to his duplex, where he showered and changed clothes before
driving to his cabin in Skamania County. There, Classen allegedly hid his bloody
clothes and the scissors on his property.

A police affidavit said Classen called a friend and told him what had happened
and the friend called 911. Police found Eveann Classen dead at the home at about
6:30 a.m.

Don Hamilton can be reached at 360-759-8010 or don.hamilton@columbian.com.

Update

Previously: Battle Ground dentist James N. Classen faces first-degree murder
charges in the Feb. 8, 2005, stabbing death of his wife.

What's new: His attorney said Friday he will argue that Classen suffered from a
diminished mental capacity and couldn't have formed the intent to commit the
crime.

What's next: Prosecutors sent Classen to Western State Hospital for the state's
own mental evaluation. The trial is scheduled to begin April 10.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                              630 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           January 28, 2006 Saturday

Murder suspect's sanity probed;
State experts evaluating Classen's mental capacity

BYLINE: DON HAMILTON, Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CRIME; Pg. c1

LENGTH: 493 words


A new psychological evaluation said Battle Ground dentist James N. Classen
didn't have the mental capacity to intentionally kill his wife last Feb. 8, his
attorney said Friday.

The attorney, Jon McMullen, will not contest that Classen stabbed his wife to
death nearly a year ago. During a court hearing Friday, prosecutors said Classen
made a full videotaped confession after his arrest.

"This is not exactly a whodunit, Your Honor," Deputy Prosecuting Attorney Tony
Golik said. "It's going to be a battle of experts."

That means he expects the state's experts to testify to Classen's good mental
health, the defense experts to say he's impaired, leaving the jury to sort it
all out.

Classen faces charges of first-degree murder in the death of Eveann Classen, 56,
his wife of 31 years who was stabbed to death in their home with scissors. The
couple had separated two years earlier when James Classen moved to a duplex in
Orchards while she remained in the couple's home north of Salmon Creek.

Classen, who has remained in Clark County Jail since his arrest, recently
underwent an evaluation by a psychologist hired by the defense. McMullen said
the results showed Classen suffers from a diminished mental capacity and could
not have formed the intent to commit the crime. He did not describe the
conclusions more fully.

On Wednesday, Classen was sent to Western Washington Hospital in Tacoma for an
evaluation requested by the state. Golik said he expects the results to show
Classen capable of committing the crime and capable of standing trial.

A judgment of diminished capacity could prompt a change in the charges against
him and could alter any sentence imposed.

The trial was scheduled to begin Feb. 21. But Clark County Superior Court Judge
John P. Wulle approved McMullen's request for a continuance until April 10.

According to police records, Classen told police he went to his wife's home at 2
a.m. on Feb. 8, 2005, a few hours after leaving choir practice, took scissors
from the sewing room wall and walked to the master bedroom, where he stabbed her
several times.

Classen then went to his duplex, where he showered and changed clothes before
driving to his cabin in Skamania County. There, Classen allegedly hid his bloody
clothes and the scissors on his property.

A police affidavit said Classen called a friend and told him what had happened
and the friend called 911. Police found Eveann Classen dead at the home at about
6:30 a.m.

Don Hamilton can be reached at 360-759-8010 or don.hamilton@columbian.com.

Update

Previously: Battle Ground dentist James N. Classen faces first-degree murder
charges in the Feb. 8, 2005, stabbing death of his wife.

What's new: His attorney said Friday he will argue that Classen suffered from a
diminished mental capacity and couldn't have formed the intent to commit the
crime.

What's next: Prosecutors sent Classen to Western State Hospital for the state's
own mental evaluation. The trial is scheduled to begin April 10.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 The Columbian Publishing Co.


                              631 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 22, 2009 Saturday
                             First Replate Edition

In Brief

BYLINE: Staff and news services

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 421 words


Perrilloux suspended

Jacksonville (Ala.) State quarterback Ryan Perrilloux was suspended for the
Sept. 5 opener at Georgia Tech for violating team rules. The infraction was not
the result of "any legal circumstances and is strictly a violation of the strict
guidelines he came here under," coach Jack Crowe said Friday.

Perrilloux transferred to Jacksonville State before last season. Once one of the
nation's top recruits, he had been kicked off LSU's national championship team
for a string of issues that included skipping classes, missing a team meeting
and arriving late for conditioning workouts.

News of the day

Tribune Co. reached a long-awaited agreement to sell the Chicago Cubs and
Wrigley Field to the billionaire Ricketts family. The announcement came nearly 2
1/2 years after the franchise and historic ballpark were put up for sale.
Tribune said it is selling all but a 5 percent stake, for about $845 million.

Federal prosecutors asked a judge to order a psychiatric exam for the woman
accused of trying to extort $10 million from University of Louisville basketball
coach Rick Pitino, who has admitted having sex with her. Prosecutors say Karen
Cunagin Sypher may be "so mentally incompetent" that she doesn't understand the
legal proceedings or cannot assist in her own defense.

Traditional boxing powerhouse Cuba said it has no intention of fielding a
women's team at the 2012 London Olympics. The International Olympic Committee
added the event to its program last week.

A lawyer for the woman who claims in a lawsuit that Ben Roethlisberger raped her
at Lake Tahoe last summer is asking a judge to discipline the Steelers
quarterback's legal team. The lawyer said Roethlisberger's lawyers tried to
"smear" the woman with an affidavit from an ex-friend who said the sex was
consensual and that the woman bragged about it.

They said it

"When I signed in Ottawa two years ago, I felt it was to be an integral part of
the team. Over the last two years and more recently over the past year, I feel
my role was diminished. This past season, it diminished a lot more. I'm a player
who can play in a lot of different situations. I don't feel I was given that
role on the team." --- former Thrashers winger Dany Heatley, reiterating his
desire for a trade from Ottawa

"We didn't have the baggy uniforms. We didn't have the dreadlocks. It was a
clean game, and now they're setting a bad example for the young guys." --- new
baseball Hall of Famer Jim Rice, speaking to players on the opening day of the
Little League World Series

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              632 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                            August 16, 2011 Tuesday

Latino group upset with redistricting maps

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 570 words


A challenge to a state commission's redistricting maps, approved Monday, could
come in the form of lawsuits, in addition to a referendum push by the California
Republican Party to overturn the panel's state Senate districts.

So far no lawsuits have been filed, but a national Latino civil-rights group is
analyzing the new maps to determine if there are any violations of the federal
Voting Rights Act of 1965, which outlaws discriminatory electoral procedures.

Steven Ochoa, national redistricting coordinator for the Mexican American Legal
Defense and Education Fund, said the group is disappointed by missed
opportunities to create new Latino majority districts in the Inland Empire and
elsewhere.

He said the panel could have created new Latino districts in the Inland Empire
for the state Senate, Assembly and House of Representatives.

"There could have been a new (Latino) district for all three levels in the area
that stretches from Perris to San Bernardino," Ochoa said.

Astrid Garcia, director of state election policy and redistricting for the
National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials, said the
commission diminished Latino voting strength.

She cited the reduction of six "Latino-effective" districts statewide down to
five with the loss of Senate District 40 in Imperial and Riverside counties.

"Over the last decade, Latinos accounted for over 90percent of California
growth, and nearly two in five Californians are Latinos, so to allow the Latino
community to have fair representation, the commission needed to embrace this
proportion," Garcia said.

Rep. Joe Baca, D-San Bernardino, expressed dissatisfaction with the commission's
maps, which he said diminished minority voter clout in his district.

"I'm disappointed that the commission made the decision without considering
recommendations form the (San Bernardino Central Democratic Committee) which was
in compliance with the Voting Rights Act," Baca said.

Redistricting commissioners, including former Claremont Mayor Peter Yao,
defended the maps, saying they were drawn according to law.

"Absolutely, we feel we met every letter and every intent of the Voting Rights
Act," Yao said. "We treated that very seriously. We feel very comfortable that
we met not only the letter of the law, but the intent of the law."

Citizens Redistricting Commissioner Angelo Ancheta, a law professor at Santa
Clara University, said new maps must be in place by the June primary.

If need be, state judges, called "special masters," could be brought in to
devise new maps, depending on whether voters reject the commission's maps in a
referendum or whether lawsuits are filed, Ancheta said.

"I think the (California) Supreme Court is looking at this very carefully and I
think the court will try to move all of these challenges as quickly as
possible," Ancheta said. "I think they would like to get this resolved by the
June primary."

Still, Ancheta said the possibility of a June referendum creates a sticky
situation because of the timing.

"The timing of it is not perfectly clear and if the referendum qualifies, it
throws us for another loop," Ancheta said.

California Republican Party Chairman Tom Del Beccaro this week announced that
the GOP will back a petition for a referendum on the June 2012 ballot to
overturn the newly approved state Senate districts.

The party contends the maps were drawn to favor Democrats.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  May 2, 1986, Friday, Late City Final Edition

NUCLEAR DISASTER: SIGNS OF DIMINISHED DANGER;
SHIFTING WINDS IN EUROPE

BYLINE: By WALTER SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section A; Page 8, Column 3; Foreign Desk

LENGTH: 424 words


A pattern of air movements unusual for this season has been responsible for the
shifting winds over Europe that are carrying debris from the Soviet reactor
accident.

The winds first carried radioactive substances northwest toward Scandinavia and
are now transporting them southwest toward Rumania and Yugoslvia, according to
specialists monitoring global weather.

The Chernobyl atomic plant, in the same latitude as Calgary, Alberta, and
northern Newfoundland, is normally subject to the same procession of east-moving
storm systems as the northern United States and southern Canada.

Dr. John Miller of the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration said
yesterday that such storms were most severe in winter and should not have
diminished greatly in strength and frequency this early in the season.

High Pressure Moves North

Instead, the pattern has become more typical of summer. A high-pressure region
normally centered over the Azores was moving north yesterday, bringing clear
skies and mild weather to Paris and Berlin.

At the time of the accident, which is believed to have begun last weekend, a
low-pressure system was centered north and west of the site. This generated a
northwest flow of air over the Ukraine and toward Scandinavia, conforming to the
pattern within such cyclonic systems in the Northern Hemisphere.

The flow, spiraling toward the low pressure center, is diverted by the so-called
Coriolis force induced by the earth's rotation.

In the Northern Hemisphere, this diversion induces a counterclockwise
circulation, whereas south of the Equator it is in the opposite direction.

Since the weekend, however, this cyclonic system has moved east and is being
replaced by an anticyclonic flow that, in northern latitudes, circles clockwise
around a high pressure center. With that center moving from France across
Germany toward Scandinavia, the flow around it is sweeping over the Ukraine and
toward Rumania.

Dr. Miller, who is deputy director of the Air Resources Laboratory in Silver
Spring, Md., said that during this season low-pressure centers typically move
across the British Isles, northern Germany and Scandinavia, generating the rains
typical of spring.

The pattern in North America, he added, is often similar. Storm systems blown by
the prevailing westerlies from the Pacific Ocean toward the West Coast are
diverted northward, dumping rain on the coast from Portland, Ore., to Anchorage.
They then turn south over Canada and cross into the central or eastern parts of
the United States.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              634 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                           Investor's Business Daily

                             August 1, 2016 Monday
                                NATIONAL EDITION

Weak Economic Data Dim Outlook For Fed Rate Hike

BYLINE: BLOOMBERG NEWS

SECTION: FUTURES & BONDS; CREDIT MARKETS; Pg. B19

LENGTH: 405 words


Treasuries posted a weekly advance, with two-year notes snapping the longest
slide since May, as a report showing tepid U.S. economic growth.

The weak growth dimmed bets on a Federal Reserve interest-rate increase in the
coming months.

Yields fell, led by shorter maturities, as data Friday showed the world's
biggest economy grew at a 1.2% annualized rate in the second quarter, less than
half the median forecast of a 2.6% pace.

The result darkens economic prospects at a time officials are looking for
sustained improvement that'd justify another rate increase, following liftoff
from near zero in December.

Risks "Diminished'

The central bank left rates unchanged this week and said "near-term risks to the
economic outlook have diminished," while pledging to stick to a gradual pace of
tightening via rate hikes.

"Some of the positive data earlier in the week and the FOMC statement had people
starting to think maybe there's some glimmer of hope the Fed could tighten as
early as September, but the GDP data should reverse that movement in sentiment,"
said Thomas Simons, senior money-market economist in New York at Jefferies LLC,
one of the 23 primary dealers that trade with the Fed.

Benchmark Treasury 10-year note yields fell five basis points, or 0.05
percentage point, to 1.45%, as of 5 p.m. ET, Bloomberg Bond Trader data show.
The yield dropped 11 basis points this week, driving it back toward the record
low of 1.32% reached July 6.

Yields on two-year debt, more sensitive to expectations for Fed policy, dropped
five basis points this week, to 0.66%, after rising the past three weeks as
traders ramped up bets on a rate hike by year-end.

Probability Of Rate Hike

The market-implied probability of a Federal Reserve increase by the end of 2016
dropped to 34%, from 45% Thursday, according to futures data compiled by
Bloomberg. It's not until September of next year that the likelihood exceeds
50%. Policymakers release their next decision on Sept. 21.

Treasuries dropped earlier, along with many sovereign debt markets worldwide, as
the Bank of Japan expanded its purchases of exchange-traded equity funds, while
refraining from making a deeper cut to its negative interest rate or increasing
the amount of government debt it buys. The step fell short of what some traders
were expecting from the BOJ as it seeks to boost growth and reduce the risk of
deflation. Japanese benchmark 10-year bonds sank the most in three years.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 Investor's Business Daily, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 23, 2016 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Knicks Make a Trade but Have More Work to Do

BYLINE: By HARVEY ARATON

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; ON PRO BASKETBALL; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 927 words


Phil Jackson will get to explain on Thursday evening what inspired him to bet on
Derrick Rose and his surgically repaired knees, as Jackson is scheduled to
address the news media before the N.B.A. draft begins.

On its own, the multiplayer deal Jackson made Wednesday with the Chicago Bulls
offers clues as to what is on his mind as he again reconfigures the Knicks in
advance of his third full season as the team's president.

Not many would have figured Rose to be Jackson's kind of point guard, Rose
appearing to be from the kind of ball-dominant, screen-and-roll,
high-volume-shooter school of basketball that Jackson has taken every
opportunity to denigrate since he returned to New York.

By early next season, Rose will be 28, and probably not too interested in
drastically changing the way he plays. This is more evidence that Jeff Hornacek,
the Knicks' new coach, will dictate the style of offense to be played by the
team and that Jackson's beloved triangle could often be dormant, if not totally
disabled.

Although diminished since his season as most valuable player (2010-11), Rose has
celebrity box-office appeal. He is a three-time All-Star, a conversation piece
for those lower-bowl fans paying college-tuition-level prices to snap smartphone
photos of Celebrity Row attendees and watch a team that has won three playoff
series since the turn of the century.

With another marquee name to market, the Madison Square Garden strongman James
L. Dolan is less likely to kick over office wastepaper baskets. And with a
record of 49-115 over the past two seasons, even Jackson, with 11 championship
coaching rings, has to wonder what the man who signs his check is thinking.

We are learning that Jackson isn't as set in his ways as he has been made out to
be. The shift in philosophy could also reflect a basic instinct to survive.
Jackson may sense that he needs to make the playoffs to keep Dolan from
agitating for change.

The sacrifices of Robin Lopez, hardworking center and solid citizen, and of
point guards young and old (Jerian Grant and Jose Calderon) does not perceptibly
affect the Knicks' future -- unless Rose gets hurt or leaves as a free agent
next summer and Grant, a fine athlete with good defensive footwork, develops
into a star or a high-level starter.

Then Jackson would have more explaining to do, possibly from a condo in Los
Angeles.

The other assets coming from Chicago are Justin Holiday, a 6-foot-6 swingman who
has something no one on the current Knicks roster has -- a championship ring
(Golden State, 2014-15) -- and a 2017 second-round pick. The Bulls had obviously
become desperate for separation from Rose, a Chicago product who could use a
fresh start himself.

For the Knicks, bringing him in with one season left on his contract is about
Jackson trying to have it both ways: continuing to pin hopes of glory days on
the development of the Latvian giant Kristaps Porzingis while surrounding
Porzingis with enough veteran talent to allow this long-suffering franchise to
live more in the moment.

That strategy could also benefit the development of Porzingis, a point the
network analyst and former Knicks coach Jeff Van Gundy made earlier in the past
season.

''You talk about starting over, developing a young team around Porzingis, but
one of the things that's always overlooked about player development is playing
meaningful games,'' Van Gundy said. ''Even if you don't make the playoffs,
what's essential for guys like Porzingis is to be playing in games that count,
instead of just playing out a season like they did this year.''

Like Dolan, Carmelo Anthony should be happy with the deal, at least until Rose
launches one of those step-back 23-footers in the dying seconds of a 1-point
game.

Here is the potential upside: Playing at a faster pace, as Hornacek has
promised, should create enough scoring opportunities for Anthony, Rose and
Porzingis, who is still young, new and nice enough to defer.

Additional reinforcements should arrive through the roughly $30 million in cap
space Jackson still has for the coming free-agency sweepstakes. Does Rose help
attract talent? Will one of his former Bulls teammates, Joakim Noah or Pau
Gasol, be the new center?

On Twitter, Jackson follows 61 people, an eclectic bunch that includes the actor
John Lithgow, the Vietnamese Buddhist monk Thich Nhat Hanh and Noah, who has
never played for Jackson but who is clearly his kind of Zen operator.

A New York-bred free agent, Noah is a splendid post passer, a dirty-work doer.
He and Rose were the heart of the former coach Tom Thibodeau's ferociously
competitive Bulls teams. Alas, like Rose, Noah, 31, has in recent years been
prone to injuries.

Healthy, Noah would be an upgrade compared to Lopez on both ends of the floor
and, as Lopez was, a terrific mentor for Porzingis. But does Jackson have the
stomach for two health-risk acquisitions in the same season?

Does he dare pursue the 30-going-on-13, free-throw bricklaying but still
physically imposing Dwight Howard?

This Rose deal will become easier to evaluate once we know what the rest of the
roster looks like. Until then, Jackson has succeeded in making the Knicks a
conversation piece on the eve of a draft he doesn't have a pick in and on the
day two players he traded in his last roster remake -- Iman Shumpert and J. R.
Smith -- were sitting pretty in the Cleveland Cavaliers' championship parade.

At this point, only through Rose-colored glasses could anyone believe the trade
will make the Knicks much more than a low-level playoff contender.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/06/23/sports/basketball/knicks-trade-for-bulls-derri
ck-rose-but-have-more-work-to-do.html

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Derrick Rose has been a diminished player since being named the
2010-11 most valuable player, but he is a three-time All-Star and a marquee
name. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MIKE EHRMANN/GETTY IMAGES)
The Knicks acquired Rose on Wednesday in a trade with the Bulls, shipping off
center Robin Lopez, far left, and guards Jerian Grant, center, and Jose
Calderon. (B9)
 The Knicks may now pursue Derrick Rose's former teammate Joakim Noah, above.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY JONATHAN DANIEL/GETTY IMAGES) (B11)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              636 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            January 7, 2010 Thursday

Blue Cross, Berkshire Hematology Oncology spar

BYLINE: By Conor Berry, Berkshire Eagle Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Health

LENGTH: 996 words


PITTSFIELD -- The war of words between a local cancer practice and a major
health insurance company is heating up, with each accusing the other of putting
financial concerns above all else.

Berkshire Hematology Oncology (BHO) officials claim drug coverage changes by
Blue Cross Blue Shield of Massachusetts will lead to diminished patient safety,
while Blue Cross officials claim BHO doctors are using the safety issue as a
"smokescreen" to cloak what really angers them -- diminished profits.

"This is not an issue of quality or safety. This is really about the money,"
said Dr. John Fallon, chief physician executive with Blue Cross Blue Shield of
Massachusetts.

Fallon levied that allegation after BHO, the Berkshires' largest private medical
practice, lambasted Blue Cross for a Jan. 1 policy change requiring patients to
purchase some cancer-related medications from specific retail or specialty
pharmacies -- with Blue Cross determining the venues.

Because Blue Cross will no longer cover costs for doctors who procure those
medications on behalf of their patients, cancer patients are now at risk,
according to BHO officials.

Blue Cross executives readily acknowledge that saving money is the goal, adding
that the insurance company can't afford to continue letting doctors overbill
them for cancer medications they obtain for patients.

"These are absolutely unnecessary costs," Fallon said, pointing out that doctors
make a "significant profit" when they bill insurance companies for medications.

Statewide, he said, hundreds of millions of dollars in marked-up drug costs are
passed along to insurance companies, which can no longer absorb the hit.

Explanation questioned

Fred Harrison, BHO's practice administrator, took umbrage with Fallon's
assessment.

"They provide us with a fee schedule," Harrison said. "We just sign the
agreement."

BHO's objections aren't financially driven, Harrison said. The Blue Cross
changes only amount to a 4 percent reduction in the insurance company's total
revenue payment to BHO, according to Harrison.

"Now, is that enough to go to war over?" he mused. "Absolutely not."

"We can take lower payments. What we can't take is them making us compromise
safety and also putting us in liability," Harrison said.

BHO doctors can no longer directly purchase about eight cancer-related
medications for patients because those drugs -- and about 50 other
non-cancer-related medications -- must now be procured through predetermined
specialty pharmacies approved by Blue Cross.

Cancer treatments, including chemotherapy, often require the mixing of various
medications. And BHO doctors say they don't trust the "chain of custody" of
drugs purchased from other sources, which are then brought to them to give to
patients.

Blue Cross officials claim that all of the drugs in question can be safely
self-administered and can be sent directly to a patient's home, office or
doctor. Fallon said Blue Cross will even dispatch nurses to patients' homes if
patients are unable to dispense the drugs themselves.

None of the cancer drugs included on the list require any special preparation or
mixing, according to Fallon, a claim which BHO disputes.

"We carefully looked at these drugs," said Fallon, noting that Blue Cross
consulted with oncologists prior to compiling the list.

"Drugs not on that list will never be on the list," he said.

BHO officials don't believe the insurance company.

"My response to that would be,  Put it in writing,'" Harrison said. "And also,
Sign a waiver of liability that says any drug procured from your sources they
will sign a waiver of liability.'"

Harrison said the apparent willingness by Blue Cross to send nurses to patients'
homes is news to him.

"This is the first I've heard of it," he said Wednesday, after a reporter
informed him of that option.

Part of the problem, Harrison said, is that Blue Cross hasn't communicated with
BHO since the medical practice first raised concerns about the changes. Blue
Cross has yet to respond to any of BHO's three letters, according to Harrison.

Blue Cross spokeswoman Tara Murray said the insurance company sent a Sept. 11
letter to Dr. Harvey Zimbler, a BHO partner who has been critical of Blue Cross,
addressing some of the issues raised by the practice, whose offices are located
in Pittsfield, Great Barrington and North Adams.

"I just wish they would establish a dialogue with us directly," Harrison said.
"Why has there been no response until this ended up in the paper?"

On that note, he said, he would appreciate a phone call from Blue Cross.

BHOstands its ground

In the meantime, BHO physicians are "adamant" about not administering
medications whose origins and storage methods are unknown.

"We have the ultimate responsibility for the patient, not the insurance
company," Harrison said. "Again, it's not the financial hit. It's compromising
safety and increasing liability."

Harrison said some of the cancer drugs on the list, including Fasodex and
Nplate, do require mixing and come with strict handling guidelines. Aranesp,
another cancer drug on the list, must never be frozen or shaken, he added.

Some of the oncology community's strongest objections have centered around a
practice known as "brown bagging" -- when patients obtain drugs from one place,
then bring them to their doctors for dispensation.

"It's only an option a practice would have if it wanted to do that," Murray
said, emphasizing that Blue Cross doesn't explicitly endorse brown bagging.

Harrison said BHO doctors could embrace the idea of Berkshire Medical Center
administering cancer drugs to BHO patients. "At least we would know that [the
drugs] were handled correctly," he said.

The Massachusetts Society of Clinical Oncolgy (MASCO), the Massachusetts
Hospital Association, and numerous other Massachusetts oncologists have also
expressed concerns to Blue Cross, which has met with MASCO multiple times,
according to Jay McQuade, another Blue Cross spokesman.

But BHO doctors are still waiting for a seat at that table.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Labor unions celebrate judge's ruling against Illinois pension law

LENGTH: 606  words


An Illinois judge has ruled unconstitutional a controversial plan to reduce
state employees' retirement benefits.
Labor groups sued the State of Illinois for passing a bill reducing their
members' pension benefits. The unions representing downstate and suburban
teachers, university employees and most other state workers argued the state
constitution says, specifically, that retirement benefits can't be diminished.
On Friday, Sangamon County Circuit Court Judge John Belz agreed.


Belz quoted directly from the state constitution in his six-page decision,
citing the passage that states retirement benefits "shall not be diminished or
repaired." He singled out components of the bill that narrowly passed the state
legislature last year to explain why he was ruling against the state. For
instance, the law changed cost-of-living increases certain employees receive in
retirement, and put a cap on some employees' pensionable salary.
"The State of Illinois made a constitutionally protected promise to its
employees concerning their pension benefits," Belz wrote in his decision. "Under
established and uncontroverted Illinois law, the State of Illinois cannot break
this promise."
Labor unions representing employees who are in those retirement systems
celebrated the decision.
"The court granted us everything. The court saw it our way," said Dan
Montgomery, president of the Illinois Federation of Teachers. "This is an
unambiguous, unequivocal victory for the constitution and for working people."
"Retirees who earned their modest security in retirement, they always paid their
share. And they should not be punished for the failures of politicians," said
Anders Lindall, a spokesman for the We Are One Coalition, a group of labor
unions.
Attorneys who defended the bill acknowledged that it reduced benefits, but
argued it is needed to deal with a $105 billion unfunded pension liability.
Studies have shown that massive debt tied to Illinois' retirement payments is
the worst of any state in the country.
Gov. Pat Quinn, and those who supported the legislation, argue basic functions
of state government are in danger if the pension law is found to be
unconstitutional.
"This historic pension reform law eliminates the state's unfunded liability and
fully stabilizes the systems to ensure retirement security for employees who
have faithfully contributed to them," Quinn said in a statement.
The Democratic governor was defeated in this month's election by Republican
Bruce Rauner, who also released a statement asking the state's Supreme Court to
take up the case as soon as possible.  The office of Illinois Attorney General
Lisa Madigan is defending the law in court. Her office said Friday that it will
ask the state Supreme Court to expedite an appeal "given the significant impact
that a final decision in this case will have on the state's fiscal condition."
Meantime, Democratic Senate President John Cullerton is considering a plan, in
case the state Supreme Court agrees with Judge Belz and throws out the law.
Cullerton had pushed for a separate pension proposal that would ask employees to
choose between earning state-funded health care coverage in retirement or
receiving pay increases.
"If they throw it out, we'll be back to square one and then we go back again to
the alternative that already passed the Senate and when that passes, save some
money that we can then pass on to education funding and whatever else we want to
utilize that savings," Cullerton said Friday.
Legislators would have to re-visit Cullerton's proposal in a new General
Assembly, after January's inauguration. 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              638 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                           December 3, 2008 Wednesday

Larry Wilson: We're all diminished by loss of book reviews

BYLINE: By Larry Wilson, Public Editor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 515 words


There might have been an ultra-competitive period in the misty past when I would
have felt gloaty about the L.A. Times eliminating its book section, folding the
reviews instead into the rest of its Sunday arts coverage.

That time is long gone. We're in this together: All newspaper people, all
newspaper readers, are diminished when we lose anything.

Times Book Editor David Ulin spoke to a group of scholars and journalists
gathered at Bill Deverell's and Kim Matsunaga's regular Huntington-USC Institute
on California and the West brown-bag table Tuesday about the changes, about what
a good review should be and about Southern California's place in literature.

He said the perfect succinct thing about the critic's main job: "Is this book
worth five, eight, 15 hours of my time, at which point I will be that much
closer to dying?"

It's not just that, of course. Many of us read the criticism for itself:
"Whether or not I ever go out and buy the book, I should be somehow enriched by
the time I spent with the review."

Book reviews are highly available online, or in other periodicals, noted Dr.
Stephen Kanter, the Pasadena M.D. who is now a reader at the Huntington. True,
replied Ulin: "But a newspaper is still a serendipitous collection delivered to
millions every day."

That's exactly the point of many of us who lament the loss, particularly among
the young, of the daily newspaper-reading habit. It's not about staying in your
own, safe, self-selected world, perusing only your Web favorites. The reading
experience of allowing your eyes and mind to wander over something about which
someone else is saying, "Here: This is important. You might find this
interesting" is irreplaceable in a broad intellectual life.

Is there still an East Coast bias against the hinterlands? You betcha. Ulin came
from New York City in the early '90s. Back home on a visit as he edited his
"Writing Los Angeles: A Literary Anthology," he was asked by a friend, "So, what
is that about - maybe three writers?"

To the contrary, Ulin saw how pleasantly horizontal was the So Cal writing world
compared with the vertical Manhattan one. Back there, he said, you were either a
poet, or a novelist, or a journalist. "Here, I met poets who were journalists
who were writing screenplays," he said. With interesting circles: "I was never
going to go to Carrie Fisher's birthday party, but it was fun to hang out with
people who did."

Ulin admits "a profound anger" about losing the standalone section, which could
be edited as if it were itself a book with a narrative flow each Sunday. Instead
of about 1,000 reviews a year, he now has room for about 900. One possible
upside: "that we might possibly infect the uninfected" who didn't always pick up
the section but who at least leaf through the broadsheet pages.

Sure, there's all kinds of room on the Internet for news about books. Still,
"I'm an old print guy," Ulin said. "I like the Web. But I worry about the noise
factor, about the connection between reader and writer."

larry.wilson@sgvn.com

Public Editor Larry Wilson's blog is http://insidesocal.com/publiceye .

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              639 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                April 22, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

At Playboy

SECTION: Section 3; Page 12, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 444 words


To the Editor:

We were pleased that The New York Times chose to report on Playboy Enterprises'
return to profitability (''Profits Again at a Shrunken Playboy,'' March 25). Our
pleasure was diminished, however, by several errors of fact and
mischaracterizations in the article.

To support your assertion that Playboy Enterprises is ''sadly diminished'' from
its 1981 ''heyday,'' you cite sharply lower revenues, a ''struggling'' magazine
and losses of $70 million over the last two years. We feel each point deserves
clarification.

Yes, revenues were higher in 1981, largely, as you point out, as a result of our
casino gaming operations in Great Britain. But if you remove the contributions
to net earnings derived from gaming from our 1981 results, you find a company
that was not as strong as today's Playboy Enterprises. In fact, we recorded a
$14 million loss from continuing operations in that year. We've not only
returned to profitability, but we will record book gains exceeding $25 million
from the sale of nonperforming real estate assets and our share of an Atlantic
City hotel and casino. We are, quite simply, a stronger, leaner company than we
were in our supposed ''heyday.''

The losses of the last two years were not nearly as damaging as you have painted
them. More than $40 million of the $70 million were book losses because of
discontinued operations. Playboy Enterprises remains, in fact, in a very strong
cash position with approximately $35 million on hand and another $50 mllion in
notes from the sale of our interest in the Atlantic City casino.

Furthermore, Christie and Hugh Hefner are not in disagreement over plans for
funding new, higher quality programing for the Playboy Channel, as the article
mistakenly implies. We see the need to invest further monies in new programing,
but the cash will come from the increased revenues of the Video Division, not
from recent or upcoming divestitures.

We also disagree with analyst Daniel Lee when he asserts that the Playboy
Channel's success could lead to its failure by encouraging greater competition.
We doubt that the pay movie services would be interested in offering the same
erotic material we offer on the Playboy Channel. But if others are willing to
compete, they'll have to contend with Playboy's significant presence in the
marketplace after just over one year of existence. There are other analysts who
follow us more closely and understand our business much better than Mr. Lee.
We're sorry none of them had a chance to present their observations.

RICHARD L. NELSON Director, Public Relations Playboy Enterprises Inc.  Chicago,
March 28

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: LETTER

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              640 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             July 26, 2011 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

COURT OKS DNA TEST FOR ANYONE ARRESTED \ DECISION VIOLATES PRIVACY, CRITICS SAY

BYLINE: Rich Lord, Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 888 words


The role of the fingerprint -- long the universal identifier of the accused --
may eventually be overtaken by DNA following a federal appeals court's decision
Monday.

In a precedent-setting decision, a divided 3rd U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals
found that law enforcement can take and test DNA samples from people who are
arrested but not yet convicted. Its most immediate effect is to overturn a
judge's decision that let Ruben Mitchell, charged with dealing drugs, forgo the
DNA test that federal authorities have imposed on defendants since early 2009.

As the most expansive appeals court decision on the topic, its long-term effect
may be a ramp-up in the growing trend toward collecting the cellular secrets of
everyone accused of a crime. That's already the practice in about two dozen
states -- not including Pennsylvania -- and appeals court validation could
accelerate that trend.

"The end result would be a very good tool," said Sgt. Anthony Manetta of the
state police. "There are a large number of unsolved crimes in Pennsylvania, and
there are DNA [samples] associated with those crimes, and they are in a
database, waiting to be searched."

Others saw the decision as a validation of a practice that is a "severe invasion
of privacy," as attorney John A. Knorr, who represented Mr. Mitchell, put it.

"Unfortunately, I think it suggests a further erosion of our constitutional
rights, especially as they relate to a presumption of innocence," he said. "It
suggests an assumption that they are second-class citizens simply because they
are accused."

The 3rd Circuit hears appeals from federal district courts in Pennsylvania, New
Jersey and Delaware. In Mr. Mitchell's case, the U.S. attorney's office in
Pittsburgh appealed U.S. District Judge David S. Cercone's finding that taking
someone's DNA before convicting them was unconstitutional.

The taking of DNA post-arrest was permitted by a 2006 amendment to the DNA
Analysis Backlog Elimination Act of 2000. After a Department of Justice review,
federal law enforcement adopted that practice in early 2009.

Court tests began that year and are just beginning to mature. The 9th Circuit,
which handles much of the nation's west, last year approved the taking of DNA
before a defendant is released pretrial.

The 3rd Circuit takes another step. In an 8-6 ruling, with a 62-page opinion by
Judge Julio M. Fuentes, the judges found that people who are arrested have "a
diminished expectation of privacy in their identities."

Outweighing their privacy rights, they found, is the importance to law
enforcement of correctly identifying people who are charged with crimes,
determining their criminal history, potentially linking them to unsolved crimes
and promptly ruling out involvement in cases in which the DNA does not match
that found at the scene.

DNA matching "promptly clears thousands of potential suspects," Judge Fuentes
wrote.

Judge Marjorie O. Rendell wrote for six dissenting judges who found that the
practice overreached. "The privacy interests of arrestees, while diminished in
certain, very circumscribed situations, are not so weak as to permit the
Government to intrude into their bodies and extract the highly sensitive
information coded in their genes," she wrote.

Mr. Knorr said DNA collection turns on its head the concept of
innocent-until-proven-guilty.

"Our system respects the sanctity of the body of the individual, and we do not
allow the government to intrude on that sanctity unless and until they show
there's probable cause that they're going to find something amiss inside," he
said. "And now we're losing that."

He said that if Mr. Mitchell agrees, he will petition the U.S. Supreme Court to
hear the case.

The American Civil Liberties Union filed a brief in the case, arguing against
pre-conviction DNA sampling.

"The [court] majority is saying, 'this is really no different than
fingerprinting,' " said ACLU attorney Sara Rose. It is different, she said. "DNA
samples ... contain probably the most private information that one has."

Judge Rendell said it was not enough for government to promise to remove from
its database the DNA profiles of people who are acquitted, especially in light
of the current policy of preserving the cell sample itself.

Sgt. Manetta said that in Pennsylvania, if police believe a person's DNA would
prove a crime, they seek a warrant. If they get the warrant and the sample, they
compare it to evidence in the case in which the person is charged but do not run
it through the database of DNA from unsolved crimes.

He said legislation is in the General Assembly that mirrors the federal policy
and would mandate DNA sampling from all arrestees.

"It would be a great tool, but without funding, it could really cause a
problem," he said. An already taxed lab would see "a 400 percent increase in
workload," potentially compromising its ability to process high-priority
samples, he said.

The ACLU's nightmare scenario: "A lot of people who are law-abiding citizens may
be walking down the sidewalk and find themselves caught up in a protest of some
kind and find themselves arrested," said Jay Stanley, a spokesman for the
organization's Speech, Privacy and Technology Program. "You could be falsely
arrested, and your DNA then is taken by the government. And none of us really
knows all of the secrets about us that our DNA may hold."

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Rich Lord: rlord@post-gazette.com or 412-263-1542. /

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              641 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           February 14, 2008 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

LOVED ELSEWHERE: Another supporting role for Shelden Williams

BYLINE: STEVE HUMMER; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 1163 words


Valentine's Day works out pretty much like any other day for Shelden Williams.
He has a date at the gym.

Even when the Hawks big man steps away from his own withering season, nothing
much changes. Over this NBA All-Star break, he'll be the strong, supportive type
in the wings, watching someone else play basketball.

This time, he plans to be around the Tennessee Lady Vols, specifically
All-American Candace Parker. Engaged for nearly two years, Williams and Parker
make up a basketball celebrity couple that still works, despite the current
differences in their playing profiles.

He was the Hawks' top draft pick of 2006, struggling to fit on a team of
like-bodied young men. What exactly is that fit, we ask a season-and-a-half in?

"That's a good question. I thought I knew," he said, slowly measuring his words.
Then Williams can only repeat, "That's a good question."

When the talk turns to Billy Knight's drafting recipe, Williams often goes on
exhibit as the vinegar in the GM's apple pie.

Parker, meanwhile, is the unquestioned star of the college game, likely to
repeat as player of the year for the No. 1-ranked Lady Vols, as well as one of
People magazine's 100 most beautiful people of 2007.

But all that seems to matter at this point is that her next two games ---
tonight at home against seventh-ranked LSU and Sunday in Nashville against No.
25 Vanderbilt --- fall during the NBA lull, so that the two can spend some
precious time in the same building.

Nurturing a relationship from way beyond the 3-point arc is a hard way to go.

"The hardest part is being away from each other all the time, to have a
relationship and not have time [together] like everybody else I know," Williams
said. "Absence makes the heart grow fonder. We're learning that firsthand."

A trying season

Nothing much has come easily for Williams lately. Break --- hardly. Call this
his All-Star reprieve.

The past three months have been a study in good intentions turned inside-out.

A guy does everything he can to keep the wrong kind of attention off him. He
doesn't wear flashy jewelry. He doesn't tattoo himself up like a carnival freak.
He doesn't spend a lot of early-morning hours at those clubs where all the nasty
headlines live.

And, still, Williams gets carjacked. In the full light of day. Outside a
southwest Atlanta strip mall. Just a tall fella wanting to get his hair cut.

Having a gun pointed at him and his new SUV summarily trashed in December
naturally made Williams more suspicious. Two alleged culprits are awaiting
trial. He lost a little of the Oklahoman in him that day.

"I started looking at the cars around my car, where I park," he said. "When I go
out I start looking around. The [carjacker] was saying something to me. I
thought he wanted an autograph. I get that a lot. Now I'm more conscious of
those sort of things."

If he listened to sports talk radio or read much of the paper, Williams might
lose the last bit of faith in his fellow man. When Williams was younger, his
father collected all the press clippings on his oldest son and stored them away,
keeping them from view until the season's end. Williams could use just such an
archivist now, because the reviews have not been kind.

"It goes back to the fact that people are going to have their opinions. I'll
keep listening to the ones that matter and screen out the others," said
Williams, who threatens to join such company as Jon Koncak, Adam Keefe and Doug
Edwards as Hawks first-round regrets. Meanwhile, every point that Portland's
Brandon Roy scores (19.6 per game) now is one more little kick in the seat over
the one that got away in the draft of '06.

A guy tries to be one of those consummate Dookies. He keeps working hard, keeps
applying himself to any task, no matter how humble, still working off the
software Coach K installed.

"He handles himself like a straight professional," said one of the Hawks'
Williamses --- Marvin --- about the other.

Frequently among DNPs

But all that earnestness doesn't amount to a bead of sweat when the game begins.
Lately, Williams is the invisible man. His name is collecting cobwebs at the
bottom of the boxscore where they keep those designated DNP (Did Not Play) ---
Coach's Decision. To be precise, that's happened in seven of the Hawks' past 10
games.

Spring-loaded rookie Al Horford rightfully has taken over the paint from the
undersized "Landlord," as they called Williams back in Durham. While Mike
Woodson preaches patience, the coach continues to play both Zaza Pachulia and
Lorenzen Wright ahead of the shorter Williams (listed at 6-feet-9).

"I learned last year he's probably better playing 5 [center]. It's tough to play
four 5 guys," Woodson said.

Williams hasn't played so little since he was 6 years old, just learning the
game, and his father threw him into an 8-and-under league.

It is difficult to know how much to put on the player and how much to put on the
front office. After all, Williams didn't draft himself so high and onto a team
where his job skills would blend into the background. In flashes, Williams has
shown the ability to be a solid NBA role player. He was the NBA's Rookie of the
Month at the end of the '06-'07 season and was among the top players in the 2007
summer league. But he can prove nothing now, buried up to his neck on the bench.

"It's not like I can't do this," he said. "I've had games I've played really
well last year and this year. I know I can play at this level. That's something
I try to keep in mind.

"It's difficult; it's frustrating. Anytime you have a competitive attitude, you
think you should be playing. Some days are better than others. As best you can,
you got to try to stay positive."

There has been plenty to talk about as Williams and Parker have burned up the
anytime minutes between Atlanta and Knoxville. She can fret when her surgically
repaired knee flares. He can vent about another game viewed from a courtside
seat.

"I always try to just stay supportive," Parker said. "The special thing about us
is that we don't constantly talk about basketball."

"We have built a strong foundation early in the relationship where we tell each
other pretty much everything," Williams said.

One codicil, though: "We pride ourselves on not making excuses," he said. "We
have a no-excuses rule."

The All-Star leave falls at the perfect time for Williams, as his career
frustrations are peaking. He gets shown scarce little love here. What better day
to break away and find some a short drive away?

As Parker puts it, "At the end of the day in our relationship, love comes before
basketball."

DWINDLING NUMBERS

A look at Shelden Williams' college and professional statistics:

Duke......................Hawks

28.1 ..minutes per game....16.6

13.8 ..points per game......4.7

9.1....rebounds per game....4.7

3.0....blocks per game......0.4

* As a senior, he was first-team All-America and the ACC defensive player of the
year (averaging 18.8 points and 10.7 rebounds per game).

* Minutes per game does not include games in which he did not appear.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: POUYA DIANAT / StaffThe No. 5 overall draft pick in 2006,
Shelden Williams (right) has struggled to find a role with the Hawks, and his
playing time has diminished./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: POUYA DIANAT / StaffThe No. 5 overall draft pick in 2006, Shelden
Williams (top) has struggled to find a role with the Hawks, and his playing time
has diminished./ImageData* ImageData*
Photo: MARK DUNCAN / Associated PressTennessee All-American Candace Parker is
engaged to the Hawks' Shelden Williams./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              642 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            April 24, 2003 Thursday

Lakers must go on 'role';
Supporting cast has disappointed

BYLINE: By Joe Stevens, Staff Writer

SECTION: LAKERS

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


It canbe measured in the diminished applause when they're introduced, or with
their diminished statistics, or even with their aura.

No matter how the contributionsof the Lakers' role players are measured, it is
obvious that the Minnesota Timberwolves' role players have outplayed them in the
first two games of their opening-round Western Conference playoff series.
Heading into Game 3 on Thursday night, the Lakers were in need of more
production from players other than Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant.

As part of the plan for more production, coach Phil Jacksonchanged his starting
lineup, inserting Robert Horry for Mark Madsen at power forward.

Jackson said he liked the defensethat Madsen played against Wolves star Kevin
Garnett, but that the Lakers needed another option on offense.

Before the game, Madsen said heunderstood and accepted the move. But his
concerns went beyond his own of being a reserve.

"They outshot us and outplayedus,' Madsen said of the Wolves' performance in
Game 2. "And they had more energy, and that's something we take very seriously.'

No Laker scored in double figures in Game 2, and statistically, allof the Lakers
other than O'Neal and Bryant played poorly.

In the regular season, O'Neal andBryant accounted for 57 percent of the Lakers'
scoring. Through the first two games of their series against the Wolves, O'Neal
and Bryant accounted for 60 percent.

What underscores how poorlythe role players have performed is that O'Neal and
Bryant accounted for only 54.9 percent of the team's shots.

Other than inserting Horry in thestarting lineup, Jackson didn't sound too
concerned about the lack of production from the role players. He had an attitude
of "What me, worry?'

"I think we're all set and ready togo,' Jackson said.

Another performance that underscores the role players' problemswas Troy Hudson's
37 points and 10 assists in Game 2. Hudson, who was waived by the Clippers in
2000, is considered the Wolves' third scoring option behind Garnett and Wally
Szczerbiak. The Lakers' third option, Derek Fisher, had eight points and three
assists in Game 2.

Hudson's high-scoring performance, though, was an aberration.Even he himself
agreed that it was out of the ordinary.

When asked if Game 2 were thehighlight of his career, Hudson answered,
"Definitely. It was a career playoff high in points and assists, so it has to
be. I don't know if I give them that many matchup problems. I just go out and do
what I do.'

And what Hudson does is shootand make his shots. He made 9 of 16 field goals
[56.2 percent], and the Wolves made 55.6 percent of their shots in Game 2. The
Lakers shot just 36.3 percent.

At press time, the Lakers' resultwas not available because of the late start,
which came after 8 p.m. in Los Angeles. Jackson was asked if the late starting
time mattered to him and his team, and he said it didn't. But the coach did make
a colorful statement.

"The starting time is rather unusual,' Jackson said. "Obviously,they don't want
people on the East Coast to watch our game.'

Joe Stevens canbe reached at [562] 499-1338.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Valley Daily Bulletin


                              643 of 997 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                            April 24, 2003 Thursday

Lakers must go on 'role';
Supporting cast has disappointed

BYLINE: By Joe Stevens, Staff Writer

SECTION: LAKERS

LENGTH: 520 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


It canbe measured in the diminished applause when they're introduced, or with
their diminished statistics, or even with their aura.

No matter how the contributionsof the Lakers' role players are measured, it is
obvious that the Minnesota Timberwolves' role players have outplayed them in the
first two games of their opening-round Western Conference playoff series.
Heading into Game 3 on Thursday night, the Lakers were in need of more
production from players other than Shaquille O'Neal and Kobe Bryant.

As part of the plan for more production, coach Phil Jacksonchanged his starting
lineup, inserting Robert Horry for Mark Madsen at power forward.

Jackson said he liked the defensethat Madsen played against Wolves star Kevin
Garnett, but that the Lakers needed another option on offense.

Before the game, Madsen said heunderstood and accepted the move. But his
concerns went beyond his own of being a reserve.

"They outshot us and outplayedus,' Madsen said of the Wolves' performance in
Game 2. "And they had more energy, and that's something we take very seriously.'

No Laker scored in double figures in Game 2, and statistically, allof the Lakers
other than O'Neal and Bryant played poorly.

In the regular season, O'Neal andBryant accounted for 57 percent of the Lakers'
scoring. Through the first two games of their series against the Wolves, O'Neal
and Bryant accounted for 60 percent.

What underscores how poorlythe role players have performed is that O'Neal and
Bryant accounted for only 54.9 percent of the team's shots.

Other than inserting Horry in thestarting lineup, Jackson didn't sound too
concerned about the lack of production from the role players. He had an attitude
of "What me, worry?'

"I think we're all set and ready togo,' Jackson said.

Another performance that underscores the role players' problemswas Troy Hudson's
37 points and 10 assists in Game 2. Hudson, who was waived by the Clippers in
2000, is considered the Wolves' third scoring option behind Garnett and Wally
Szczerbiak. The Lakers' third option, Derek Fisher, had eight points and three
assists in Game 2.

Hudson's high-scoring performance, though, was an aberration.Even he himself
agreed that it was out of the ordinary.

When asked if Game 2 were thehighlight of his career, Hudson answered,
"Definitely. It was a career playoff high in points and assists, so it has to
be. I don't know if I give them that many matchup problems. I just go out and do
what I do.'

And what Hudson does is shootand make his shots. He made 9 of 16 field goals
[56.2 percent], and the Wolves made 55.6 percent of their shots in Game 2. The
Lakers shot just 36.3 percent.

At press time, the Lakers' resultwas not available because of the late start,
which came after 8 p.m. in Los Angeles. Jackson was asked if the late starting
time mattered to him and his team, and he said it didn't. But the coach did make
a colorful statement.

"The starting time is rather unusual,' Jackson said. "Obviously,they don't want
people on the East Coast to watch our game.'

Joe Stevens canbe reached at [562] 499-1338.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                              644 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 30, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

Consumer Protection Laws Undercut in Proposed Bill

BYLINE: By KEITH BRADSHER

SECTION: Section D;     Page 2;     Column 1;     Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 934 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 29


The House Banking Committee approved early today a broad bill that would repeal
decades of consumer protection laws. At the same time, the measure appears to
have sharply diminished the odds of any banking legislation emerging from
Congress this year.

The problem does not lie in the bill's original goals, to roll back requirements
that banks have found onerous but that Democrats contend have provided crucial
guarantees to depositors and opportunities to borrowers in poor neighborhoods.

The new controversy stems from an amendment passed Wednesday, which used the
bill to reopen a question that most House members had thought was already
settled: how far to go in dismantling the Depression-era barriers that separate
different parts of the financial services industry. The amendment would allow
banks to affiliate with insurance companies, an idea that the Banking and
Commerce committees had previously agreed to ignore.

Representative Gerald B. H. Solomon, the upstate New York Republican who heads
the powerful Rules Committee, said that given the House's crowded legislative
schedule, today's bill and a closely related bill to eliminate barriers between
banks and securities firms may not come to a vote this year or even during this
Congress.

"The question is where do you find the time to put something like this out
there, and it could go by the boards until next year," Mr. Solomon said in an
interview this evening. Given the difficulty of tackling touchy banking issues
in an election year, this means that both bills "could very well be" dead, he
added.

Mr. Solomon is close to the insurance industry, which strongly opposes the
provision added on Wednesday. But while his position could be interpreted as an
effort to put pressure for a compromise on big banks and securities firms, which
favor the amendment, his comments also reflect the judgment of a top Republican
with an important role in controlling what legislation reaches the floor and in
what form.

Representative Jim Leach, the Iowa Republican who heads the Banking Committee
and tried without success to persuade his panel not to approve the insurance
amendment, said that he was less gloomy than Mr. Solomon. "It would be premature
either to be overly optimistic about consensus emerging or overly pessimistic
that a death knell should be tolled," he said in an interview this evening.

In another problem for banking legislation, Treasury Secretary Robert E. Rubin
threatened today to recommend that President Clinton veto today's bill unless
consumer protections are restored.

The committee's Republican majority passed today's bill on a party-line vote of
27 to 23. Republicans contended that the bill would eliminate unnecessary red
tape, allowing banks to operate safely and more efficiently and ultimately pass
on some of their savings to consumers.

But House Democrats and Mr. Rubin objected that the bill would undermine
protections that many depositors have come to take for granted, and would allow
bank executives to engage in reckless activities that could endanger
institutions' solvency.

The bill would eliminate or water down many provisions of the Community
Reinvestment Act, which requires banks to lend in poor neighborhoods if they
lend in nearby rich neighborhoods. It would also reduce the requirements for
independence of banks' audit committees; repeal the requirement that banks use a
standard formula for calculating annual yields on deposits; eliminate the
three-day "cooling off" period during which consumers can back out of many
mortgage refinancings, and allow banks to share with their affiliates previously
confidential information about customers' bank accounts.

"The bill would seriously weaken important safeguards for assuring the safety
and soundness of F.D.I.C.-insured depository institutions, and would eviscerate
the Community Reinvestment Act, so critical to the economic life of many urban
and rural communities," Mr. Rubin wrote.

House Democrats are solidly united against these provisions, and House
Republicans do not have the votes by themselves to override a veto.
Representative Kweisi Mfume, a Maryland Democrat on the committee, said today
that "I'd rather go in with a veto, or the threat of a veto, and start from
scratch."

The House Republican leadership had previously agreed not to tackle insurance
issues, and Mr. Solomon was upset that the House Banking Committee had outvoted
Mr. Leach to allow banks to merge with insurers in 33 states that do not
explicitly ban such affiliations. "The inclusion of the banking affiliation
violates the agreement everyone had on keeping the bill neutral, from taking
sides with either the banking or insurance industries," he said.

Representative Richard A. Baker, the Louisiana Republican who sponsored the
amendment but has temporarily lost his voice as a result of the long debate,
said in a written statement today that his amendment would "allow consumers to
have greater choice when they purchase financial products, and that has to be
the ultimate goal of the legislation."

Securities industry lobbyists said they would begin fighting for the bill, which
with the new amendment would allow securities firms with insurance affiliates to
enter the banking industry.

The House Republican leadership had initially hoped for a House floor vote
before the Fourth of July, but Democrats on the House Banking Committee blocked
that by dragging out the committee hearing over two weeks; then they voted to
add the controversial insurance provision on Wednesday, partly to try to doom
the overall bill.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: A bill passed by the House Banking Committee, headed by
Representative Jim Leach, would repeal decades of consumer protection laws but
appears to have diminished chances of new banking leglislation. (Amy Toensing
for The New York Times)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              645 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 19, 1988, Thursday, Final Edition

Risen Star Likely Out of Preakness;
Field Diminished to 9 as Once Wild, Din's Dancer Withdrawn

BYLINE: Vinnie Perrone, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE B1

LENGTH: 451 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE, May 18, 1988


The Preakness Stakes field diminished to nine today with the withdrawal of Once
Wild and Din's Dancer, and trainer Louie Roussel III said he is "90 percent
sure" that Risen Star will be scratched from Saturday's second leg of the Triple
Crown at Pimlico.

The declaration of Once Wild and possible withdrawal of Risen Star steal a
significant part of the Preakness' intrigue. The speedy Once Wild, unbeaten in
three races this year, would have ensured a fast pace and tested the resiliency
of the Kentucky Derby-winning filly Winning Colors (who arrived at Pimlico this
afternoon).

"The horse is a hundred percent, but I just feel he needs a little more
seasoning," trainer Butch Lenzini said from Aqueduct. "This colt has a big
future. I don't think the timing is right."

Lenzini said Once Wild would run next in the Peter Pan Stakes, May 29 at Belmont
Park.

Once Wild's presence likely would have aided the chances of the field's
stretch-runners, who faced an impossible Derby task of catching Winning Colors
as she coasted to an early, uncontested lead in fairly slow time. One of those
closers figured to be Risen Star.

Roussel, who still seems tormented by Risen Star's roundabout trip at Churchill
Downs, said Risen Star probably would be scratched for two reasons. "I'd like to
see a smaller field," he said, "and, two, I've been doing a lot of
second-guessing since the Derby."

Roussel has maintained that Risen Star probably is most effective at 1 1/2
miles; with the Belmont Stakes as his principal objective, he might want to give
Risen Star a race over the track, perhaps in the Peter Pan.

Shortly after Din's Dancer galloped a mile at Pimlico this morning, trainer Jack
Van Berg announced the colt would pass the Preakness in favor of next weekend's
Jersey Derby at Garden State Park.

With the declarations, the Preakness shapes up as a scaled-down Kentucky Derby.
Finder's Choice would be the only horse who did not race in the first leg of the
Triple Crown two Saturdays ago.

That leaves a front-end rematch between Winning Colors and Forty Niner,
something Woody Stephens anticipated all along.

"I never thought [Once Wild] would run," said Stephens, who intends to race
Forty Niner as a coupled entry with Cefis. "I expected to be the one" to press
Winning Colors.

And trainer Wayne Lukas believes his filly again will rise to the challenge.

"She's doing super," he said. "Before the Derby, I said that it always takes a
little something out of them . . . I'm surprised; it didn't seem like a hard
race on her, but then you never know. Every indication says that she should be a
better horse this week."

Entries and post positions will be drawn Thursday morning.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1988 The Washington Post


                              646 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           December 27, 2007 Thursday

Synesthesia's mind game? Mix and match the senses

BYLINE: Sandra Blakeslee - The New York Times Media Group

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 640 words


One morning seven years ago, Sherrilyn Roush woke to discover that the left side
of her body had gone numb.

The cause was obvious, according to Roush, now 42 and a philosophy professor at
the University of California, Berkeley: The day before, she had been given a
prescription decongestant with an ingredient suspected of causing strokes in
young women.

Five months later, the Food and Drug Administration took the drug off the
market.

But Roush, then starting her career at Rice University in Houston, did not
realize that her stroke would lead to sensations that few people have ever
experienced.

A year and a half after the stroke, caused by a lesion the size of a lentil in a
region of her midbrain, Roush began to feel tingling on her body in response to
sounds.

Today, more than ever, she feels sounds on her skin.

The first time it happened, Roush was channel-surfing when she heard the voice
of an announcer on a local FM station. When the announcer started to talk, she
recalled, ''I felt an unpleasant sensation on my left thigh, left arm, the back
of my shoulder and even the outside of my left ear.''

''It was the kind of icky feeling that uniformly washes over you at a scary
movie. I had to stop listening. It made me cringe.''

Tony Ro, a psychologist from Rice University who has followed her case from the
beginning, said Roush has a rare case of acquired synesthesia.

Synesthesia is a condition marked by odd mixings of the senses. Sensory areas of
the brain that do not normally communicate engage in cross-talk.

Most synesthetes are born with such crossed connections. Some experience complex
tastes, like apple or bacon, in response to words. Others feel complex shapes,
like pyramids, in response to tastes. Many see colors attached to specific
letters or numbers.

In this case, Ro said, the crossed wiring developed as a consequence of the
stroke. Imaging studies reveal that fiber tracts from Roush's midbrain that
normally go to higher regions involved in touch are disorganized and diminished.
Such disruption can lead to enhanced connectivity in remotely connected regions
of the brain like hearing and touch.

Ro and colleagues have tested Roush for the last seven years, observing how her
brain has reorganized. An article describing her case appears in the November
issue of Annals of Neurology.

For several months, Roush found herself bumping into doors. When she drove, her
car would veer to the right. But gradually, the weakness on her left side and
the neglect of space around her left side diminished. Her only concession was to
give up driving a car with a stick shift because of lingering weakness in her
leg.

But in laboratory tests a year later, she exhibited a rare phenomenon. If
simultaneously touched on both hands, she would feel an increased sense of
pressure on her left hand. Her brain was reorganizing in ways that baffled her
doctors.

Not long after that, sounds began to produce tingling, hair-raising sensations
of touch on her body. Something about that radio announcer's voice - its pitch
or timbre - was unbearably irritating.

But the soft sound of water bubbling is ''soothing, almost like a massage on my
skin,'' Roush said, adding, ''Round sounds produce a very light tickle but
without the annoying part of being tickled.''

She always feels touch sensations, positive and negative, on the left side of
her body, particularly the outside of her arm, thigh, head and shoulder. They do
not reach the bottom of her leg. Sometimes they make her squirm. But most, she
said, do not interfere with everyday life.

Recently, Roush learned how to exploit her oddly mixed up senses.

''I took up the string bass,'' she said. ''Most people get pleasure from this
instrument. It is huge. It has a soft, deep sound. But I get more pleasure out
of it, right there in my left arm. When I play, it feels like a massage.''

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              647 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 29, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Patterns of Rain Make Area Drought A Complex Picture

BYLINE: Michael E. Ruane, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 827 words


It poured in Damascus on Monday.

Twenty-five miles north, parched Thurmont recorded nary a drop.

Farmers say the soil moisture looks fine. But some well-users are still worried
about the groundwater supply.

"Is the drought . . . over?" a U.S. Geological Survey expert in Richmond asked
this month.

His answer: It depends.

Six months of relentlessly dry weather, followed by two of relatively normal,
and sometimes severe, precipitation have left a complex drought picture for the
region.

In Maryland and Virginia, as in much of the East, the severity of the drought
has diminished significantly since March, according to the U.S. Drought Monitor,
a group of federal and private climate and weather agencies.

Most of Pennsylvania, New York and New Hampshire and almost all of West Virginia
and Vermont have returned to normal conditions, according to monitor data.

The central portion of Maryland has dropped from the "extreme" drought category
to "severe" or "moderate," and the western part of the state has returned to
normal, according to the monitor. In Virginia, the area of extreme drought has
receded to the south-central part of the state.

In addition, flow on the Potomac River is substantially higher than it was at
this time during the drought of 1999, according to the Interstate Commission on
the Potomac River Basin, a monitoring agency. And normal or above-normal stream
flows have been measured in the Shenandoah, Rappahannock and York rivers in
Virginia.

Maryland, however, has maintained its drought emergency status, with some
mandatory water restrictions for the central counties, said John Verrico, a
spokesman for the Maryland Department of the Environment, and conditions have
not improved enough.

"We've been getting some nice rain, but what we really need is the slow, steady
rain, the kind that soaks into the ground and recharges the groundwater," he
said yesterday.

Despite adequate water supplies, the Metropolitan Washington Council of
Governments' drought watch remains in effect for this area.

Further complicating things is the region's entry into the summer rainfall
pattern, in which soaking rains may occur in one place but not in another,
experts said.

Monday was a perfect example. While a healthy rain drenched Damascus, the
National Weather Service said, Thurmont recorded nothing. While 0.07 inches of
rain fell at Andrews Air Force Base, 1.24 was recorded at Dulles International
Airport, the Weather Service said. Leesburg, meanwhile, got hail.

"Typically, you cannot rely on summertime rainfall patterns to break a
widespread drought," Terry Wagner, director of the Office of Water Resources
Management for the Virginia Department of Environmental Quality, said yesterday.
"You may have drought relief in some localized areas. But to really have an
impact on a regional drought, you need the type of rainfall that we typically
get in the winter."

But some aspects of the local drought have diminished, at least temporarily.

"When you start talking about: 'Is the drought over,' you've really got to be
more specific," Wagner said.

"Are you talking about an agricultural drought? A water supply drought? A
hydrologic drought? A meteorologic drought?

"If you look at the rainfall patterns of the last two to three months, there has
been much improvement in all short-term drought impacts.

"Soil moisture is much improved," Wagner continued. "So that takes us pretty
much out of the agricultural drought situation, as long as we continue with the
same or higher levels of soil moisture.

"From an agriculture standpoint, we're in pretty good shape. From a water supply
standpoint, surface water-based, we're in pretty good shape."

Groundwater, however, which supplies wells, still is far below normal and
probably will remain so for many months, he said.

Groundwater yields for residents and municipalities remain low for Loudoun,
Fauquier, Clarke, Shenandoah and Warren counties, as of May 1, he said. "I
wouldn't expect those conditions to have improved . . . because we're talking
groundwater."

Wagner said that although many of the drought's aspects have been temporarily
lessened, it could be a long time before all of them are.

Alleviating or eliminating the drought's impact will probably take "average to
above-average rainfall through this summer and then above-average rainfall
through next winter," Wagner said.

"It's going to take at least one, if not multiple, wet winters to bring
groundwater back up to a normal elevation," he said.

Farmers have been relatively pleased with recent conditions.

"At this juncture, what we have planted is doing basically pretty good," said
Jamie Jamison, 56, of Poolesville, who farms 5,000 acres of corn, wheat and
soybeans, mostly in Montgomery County.

"We've had a lot of rain in here in the last three weeks. But that's a hell of a
long ways from making a crop.

"If the Lord doesn't give you precipitation," he said, "you don't grow a crop."

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              648 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             April 4, 2013 Thursday

Jagr hopes to help Bruins despite diminished skills

BYLINE: Sentinel & Enterprise

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 720 words


BOSTON (AP) -- Jaromir Jagr's skills have diminished since he scored at least 30
goals in 15 consecutive seasons.

He's content with what he has left, though, and so are the Boston Bruins.

"The game has changed, so I changed," the five-time NHL scoring champion said at
Thursday's morning skate before his debut with Boston against the New Jersey
Devils. "I'm not the guy who wanted to score the most goals in the league or
most points in the league.

"Don't take it wrong, I like to score. But there's more important things, the
whole picture of a team and to win as a team. I think in that kind of way I've
changed a lot."

His initial role may be bigger than anticipated when the Bruins obtained him
from the Dallas Stars on Tuesday, the day before the NHL trade deadline.

That night, first-line center Patrice Bergeron suffered a moderate concussion.
He was hurt in the second period of the Bruins 3-2 win over Ottawa when the
right elbow of the Senators' Colin Greenberg struck the left side of Bergeron's
head while they were racing for the puck.

The Bruins gave no timetable for Bergeron's return from the fourth concussion of
his NHL career.

"He sounded positive," coach Claude Julien said. "You never know with those
things. ... Some guys have progressed quicker than others. It's really a tough
thing to predict."

At the morning skate, right wing Tyler Seguin moved to center between left wing
Brad Marchand and Jagr. Julien wouldn't commit to sticking with that alignment.

"I don't think what you see is necessarily what we're going to get," Julien
said. "We're going to look and see what fits in best, not just for Jaromir Jagr,
but for everybody else. It's not just about him. I think it's about fitting guys
in areas where they can be good for us."

Wherever he plays, Jagr should boost the Bruins' mediocre offense that scored
just 20 goals in nine games before the meeting with New Jersey. He scored 54
goals in 2005-06 and 30 in 2006-07, the last time he had at least 30.

His impact could be especially significant on the power play. Boston ranks 24th
in the NHL in scoring with an extra skater, and none of their players had more
than three power-play goals. With Dallas, six of Jagr's 14 goals were on power
plays.

"He's a big guy," Julien said. "He protects the puck so well, strong on his
stick, heavy stick. As you know, the power play is another area that he can
certainly fit in. There's so much I think he can bring and, with our club, the
way we play, there's no doubt he will blend in very well."

Julien stresses puck possession in the offensive zone, and the 6-foot-3,
240-pound Jagr can use his body to shield it from opponents.

But first Jagr, 41, must get used to his new teammates on his third team in two
seasons after signing with Dallas following one season with the Philadelphia
Flyers.

"It's not easy, but, obviously, I'm coming to a great team," Jagr said. "I've
played for 22 years for a professional (team) and I played with so many great
players and I learned so much stuff. And we can always learn. No matter how old
you are, you can always learn.

"And if somebody thinks he knows everything when he's 25, he's lying to you or
he's dumb. You can always learn and I'm here to teach the guys and tell what I
had to go through and make their hockey life easier."

Jagr joined the Pittsburgh Penguins in 1990 and they won the Stanley Cup in his
first two seasons. He's still looking for his third championship and he wasn't
likely to get it with the Stars, who are near the bottom of the Western
Conference.

The Bruins won the Cup in 2011 and were in fourth place in the Eastern
Conference before Thursday night's game.

"I'm not 25 anymore," said Jagr, who scored 47 goals during the season he turned
that age. "I don't think this team really needs it. They won the Cup two years
ago and when you look at the top guys, they're still here. So they know they can
do it. And for me, personally, I wish I can somehow help the team to produce
better."

Jagr is unsigned after this season but wants to keep playing. He could stay with
the Bruins.

But he and the team aren't thinking much about that. They're focusing on making
a long playoff run.

"I didn't come here hopefully to play any one game. I came here to play many
more games," he said. "So I think it's going to take time to find out what's the
best for us."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 18, 2010 Monday

Minnesota Supreme Court Case Summaries: October 18, 2010

BYLINE: Minnesota Lawyer Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 370  words


CRIMINAL OPINIONS MURDER Expert Testimony Excluded A conviction for first-degree
premeditated murder is upheld where the defendant was given a Miranda warning
and waived his rights. There is nothing in the record to suggest that the
defendant did not understand his rights, and the questioning ended when he asked
for an attorney. Police told the defendant he was being questioned regarding a
missing person case, but under the totality of the circumstances the District
Court did not err in finding a proper Miranda waiver.

It was not an abuse of discretion to exclude testimony relating to Asperger's
syndrome. The defendant did not manifest Asperger's and had never been treated
for it. In an offer of proof, he failed to show that Asperger's affected his
physical abilities. Whatever probative value the evidence might have had was
substantially outweighed by the danger of confusing the jury. Further, the
defendant did not assert a mental illness defense and the trial was not
bifurcated. Although the defendant argues that his brain does not function
normally, the court has previously rejected arguments for diminished capacity or
diminished responsibility. Excluding expert psychiatric testimony at trial
because it was not relevant to determining premeditation and intent did not
violate Anderson's due process rights. Also, psychiatric evidence was not
admissible under the Provost exceptions because the defendant did not establish
that Asperger's prevents a person from forming intent and because the defendant
had no past history of mental illness. CRIMJIG 11.02 accurately states the law
and sufficiently indicated to the jury that the defendant must have formed an
intent to kill the victim and then premeditated. The evidence of premeditation
is sufficient. Affirmed. Concurring, Anderson, Paul, J. Justice Anderson writes
to express concern that CRIMJIG 11.02 may be confusing in other cases and
recommends that the district judges association revise it. Justice Page joins.
A09-1141 State v. Anderson (Scott County) Page A-xxx

ORDERS ATTORNEY DISCIPLINE Disability Status The attorney is transferred to
disability status. A10-1468 In re Petition for Transfer to Disability Status of
Raisanen Page A-xxx

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday

BOGGLES THE MIND; PIX BARE RAVAGES OF DOPE, CIGS, JAVA

BYLINE: MELISSA KLEIN

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 389 words


This is your brain on drugs -  or booze or cigarettes, or even coffee.

Psychiatrist Daniel Amen studied the effects of addictions on brain activity,
giving patients a small amount of radioactive tracer before administering a
15-minute 3-D imaging technique called SPECT, or single-photon emission
computerized tomography.

A colorful, smooth brain image means there is normal blood flow and activity,
while scans that show bumps and craters -  especially "black holes" -  indicate
poor function, he said.

Patients with Alzheimer's disease or alcoholism have brains that look like
small, blob-like asteroids.

Even those with serious caffeine dependency showed decreased and abnormal
activity. After prolonged use of any chemical or stimulant, parts of the brain
simply stop working, Amen said.

"If you do stupid things, you damage your brain -  and we can prove it," said
Amen, the best-selling author of "Change Your Brain, Change Your Life."

The doctor, who has clinics in California, Washington state and Virginia, may
soon be bringing his brain waves to the Big Apple.

He said he's looking to open an office in Manhattan.

Amen said the scans, which he does in conjunction with a conventional
evaluation, help doctors understand a patient's condition.

One patient came to Amen after he "failed" marital therapy, and the doctor
advised him to get a divorce.

The man's scan showed areas damaged from inhaling chemicals at the furniture
factory where he worked.

The pictures, Amen said, provided an explanation for some of his relationship
issues. "No amount of marital therapy will help," he said.

A revised version of "The Brain in Love," Amen's book about relationships, will
be out in July. It touches on topics such as gender differences in the brain and
how brain imaging can help struggling couples.

Amen's reliance on scans has been criticized by other doctors.

An evaluation of the doctor on the Web site quackwatch.org said he had not
proven that patients given brain scans did any better than those who had been
adequately treated but not scanned.

Amen called criticism about the lack of research in the field "silly" because
there were numerous studies on the use of imaging in psychiatry and neurology.

The cost of two scans and evaluations at Amen's clinic is $3,400 and is covered
by some insurance plans.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ALCOHOL:Lumps and craters indicate diminished function.
SMOKING:Long-term puffing has serious consequences.       CAFFEINE:Even
excessive coffee drinking takes a toll.       COCAINE:Forget fried eggs, this
is your brain on drugs. NORMAL:A healthy brain scan remains smooth and clear.
ALZHEIMER'S:Holes show severely reduced brain activity.     ALCOHOL:Lumps and
craters indicate diminished function.     SMOKING:Long-term puffing has serious
consequences.       CAFFEINE:Even excessive coffee drinking takes a toll.
COCAINE:Forget fried eggs, this  is your brain on drugs.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

San Jose loses legal fight against MLB over Oakland A's plan

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz hmintz@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 1001 words


It is game over for San Jose's legal effort to become the new home of the
Oakland A's.

The U.S. Supreme Court, in a move widely expected by legal experts, on Monday
refused to hear the city's last-ditch appeal of its antitrust claims against
Major League Baseball for stalling a plan to move the A's to Silicon Valley. The
high court was considered San Jose's last hope to force the league to let the
A's build a ballpark near its downtown.

With the legal maneuvering over, San Jose is turning its attention to other
development prospects around the proposed ballpark site while Oakland city
leaders keep trying to come up with a workable plan to build the A's a new
ballpark. At this point, it appears the only way the team will turn its
attention south again is if Oakland stumbles in its ballpark bid -- but it would
still need the assent of the league to move.

Alameda County Supervisor Nate Miley, who helped secure the A's current lease at
O.Co Coliseum, wouldn't count out San Jose, but said the city's legal challenge
likely diminished its chances of wresting the A's from Oakland. "I don't think
Major League Baseball and the A's are as enamored with San Jose the way they
might have been before," he said. "I think when somebody sues you, they lose
their allure."

Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf declined to comment, but proponents of a new Oakland
home for the A's continue to believe they can get a deal done with team owner
Lew Wolff, who has recently focused his attention on a way to build in the East
Bay.

San Jose officials, for their part, insist they still have a chance to lure the
team.

"I think they'll fail again in Oakland as they have many times before, and the
A's will be back talking to (current San Jose) Mayor (Sam) Liccardo," said
former San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed, who backed the lawsuit against the league
during his tenure. "Now we wait for Oakland to strike out again, and we'll still
be here."

The U.S. Supreme Court's Monday order ended San Jose's three-year legal
challenge, denying the city's request to review a federal appeals court's
decision in January rejecting claims that baseball's refusal to allow the A's to
move to a South Bay ballpark violates federal antitrust provisions. In that
ruling, a unanimous three-judge 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel
concluded that MLB's nearly century-old exemption from federal antitrust laws
forecloses the city's legal arguments.

The 9th Circuit's ruling now stands. San Jose still has a lingering claim in the
state courts in Los Angeles alleging baseball interfered with its business terms
with the A's to build a ballpark under a land-lease agreement, but that was
never viewed as the centerpiece of the city's three-year legal fight and is not
expected to survive.

As a result, San Jose's already-faint chances of getting MLB to budge on the
issue have diminished further.

Liccardo and Reed acknowledged that the court challenge against MLB always faced
poor odds, with them both using the phrase "long shot" to describe the city's
chances of getting the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case. Liccardo immediately
turned his attention to other development opportunities the city is exploring in
the area around Diridon Station, where the proposed ballpark site had been
planned, suggesting San Jose's bid for the A's may now officially be on the back
burner.

"We now face big opportunities in that same Diridon area to bring thousands of
jobs to downtown through a thoughtful redevelopment of those industrial
parcels," Liccardo said in a statement. "The unique location of that "ballpark"
site -- particularly its adjacency to the region's major transit center -- makes
it a potential jewel for development, and a promising source of jobs and tax
revenue for our residents."

Meanwhile, the A's have held several talks with Oakland city officials and
retained an architecture firm to draft designs for a new ballpark adjacent to
aging O.Co Coliseum, but the team so far hasn't submitted a formal proposal. The
city is also talking to the Oakland Raiders about a possible stadium at the
site, but the teams have indicated they don't believe there is enough space or
sponsorship dollars for two facilities at that location.

Claudia Cappio, the assistant city administrator working with both the A's and
Raiders, said there is more urgency to the Raiders situation because the NFL
team is on a one-year lease and mulling a possible move to Los Angeles, while
the A's are currently in a 10-year lease at O.Co .

"The A's are definitely talking about a site in Oakland, and they are working
with us accordingly," Cappio added. "There is slightly less urgency, but they
still want to get on with discussions."

Wolff, who originally pushed for a move to San Jose, has recently shifted his
attention back to trying to get a new ballpark built in Oakland, and never
supported San Jose's legal action against the league.

"The court's decision, while significant, has no impact on our intense and
unwavering focus on solving our ballpark issue and providing A's fans the
first-class experience they deserve," Wolff said in a statement.

The San Francisco Giants continue to block any A's effort to move to San Jose,
asserting the team's territorial rights over the South Bay that can only be
reversed through a vote of the league's owners. And the owners have to date
refused to hold such a vote.

At the heart of the city's legal plea was an attempt to persuade the Supreme
Court to strip baseball of its antitrust exemption, unique among professional
sports. The 9th Circuit, however, in rejecting San Jose's lawsuit, noted that
the Supreme Court has previously upheld that exemption, and only the high court
-- or Congress -- can change that. MLB lawyers told the Supreme Court this
summer that San Jose is asking to unravel "a question that has been firmly
settled for decades."

Staff writers Matt Artz and Ramona Giwargis contributed to this story. Howard
Mintz covers legal affairs. Contact him at 408-286-0236 or follow him at
Twitter.com/hmintz .

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Oct. 14, 2014, file photo, people walk outside the
Supreme Court in Washington. The Supreme Court is starting a new term on Oct. 5,
2015, that promises a steady stream of divisive social issues, and also brighter
prospects for conservatives who suffered more losses than usual in recent
months. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             October 5, 2015 Monday

San Jose loses legal fight against MLB over Oakland A's plan

BYLINE: By Howard Mintz hmintz@mercurynews.com

SECTION: BREAKING; Crime; News; State; Local

LENGTH: 1001 words


It is game over for San Jose's legal effort to become the new home of the
Oakland A's.

The U.S. Supreme Court, in a move widely expected by legal experts, on Monday
refused to hear the city's last-ditch appeal of its antitrust claims against
Major League Baseball for stalling a plan to move the A's to Silicon Valley. The
high court was considered San Jose's last hope to force the league to let the
A's build a ballpark near its downtown.

With the legal maneuvering over, San Jose is turning its attention to other
development prospects around the proposed ballpark site while Oakland city
leaders keep trying to come up with a workable plan to build the A's a new
ballpark. At this point, it appears the only way the team will turn its
attention south again is if Oakland stumbles in its ballpark bid -- but it would
still need the assent of the league to move.

Alameda County Supervisor Nate Miley, who helped secure the A's current lease at
O.Co Coliseum, wouldn't count out San Jose, but said the city's legal challenge
likely diminished its chances of wresting the A's from Oakland. "I don't think
Major League Baseball and the A's are as enamored with San Jose the way they
might have been before," he said. "I think when somebody sues you, they lose
their allure."

Oakland Mayor Libby Schaaf declined to comment, but proponents of a new Oakland
home for the A's continue to believe they can get a deal done with team owner
Lew Wolff, who has recently focused his attention on a way to build in the East
Bay.

San Jose officials, for their part, insist they still have a chance to lure the
team.

"I think they'll fail again in Oakland as they have many times before, and the
A's will be back talking to (current San Jose) Mayor (Sam) Liccardo," said
former San Jose Mayor Chuck Reed, who backed the lawsuit against the league
during his tenure. "Now we wait for Oakland to strike out again, and we'll still
be here."

The U.S. Supreme Court's Monday order ended San Jose's three-year legal
challenge, denying the city's request to review a federal appeals court's
decision in January rejecting claims that baseball's refusal to allow the A's to
move to a South Bay ballpark violates federal antitrust provisions. In that
ruling, a unanimous three-judge 9th U.S. Circuit Court of Appeals panel
concluded that MLB's nearly century-old exemption from federal antitrust laws
forecloses the city's legal arguments.

The 9th Circuit's ruling now stands. San Jose still has a lingering claim in the
state courts in Los Angeles alleging baseball interfered with its business terms
with the A's to build a ballpark under a land-lease agreement, but that was
never viewed as the centerpiece of the city's three-year legal fight and is not
expected to survive.

As a result, San Jose's already-faint chances of getting MLB to budge on the
issue have diminished further.

Liccardo and Reed acknowledged that the court challenge against MLB always faced
poor odds, with them both using the phrase "long shot" to describe the city's
chances of getting the U.S. Supreme Court to hear the case. Liccardo immediately
turned his attention to other development opportunities the city is exploring in
the area around Diridon Station, where the proposed ballpark site had been
planned, suggesting San Jose's bid for the A's may now officially be on the back
burner.

"We now face big opportunities in that same Diridon area to bring thousands of
jobs to downtown through a thoughtful redevelopment of those industrial
parcels," Liccardo said in a statement. "The unique location of that "ballpark"
site -- particularly its adjacency to the region's major transit center -- makes
it a potential jewel for development, and a promising source of jobs and tax
revenue for our residents."

Meanwhile, the A's have held several talks with Oakland city officials and
retained an architecture firm to draft designs for a new ballpark adjacent to
aging O.Co Coliseum, but the team so far hasn't submitted a formal proposal. The
city is also talking to the Oakland Raiders about a possible stadium at the
site, but the teams have indicated they don't believe there is enough space or
sponsorship dollars for two facilities at that location.

Claudia Cappio, the assistant city administrator working with both the A's and
Raiders, said there is more urgency to the Raiders situation because the NFL
team is on a one-year lease and mulling a possible move to Los Angeles, while
the A's are currently in a 10-year lease at O.Co .

"The A's are definitely talking about a site in Oakland, and they are working
with us accordingly," Cappio added. "There is slightly less urgency, but they
still want to get on with discussions."

Wolff, who originally pushed for a move to San Jose, has recently shifted his
attention back to trying to get a new ballpark built in Oakland, and never
supported San Jose's legal action against the league.

"The court's decision, while significant, has no impact on our intense and
unwavering focus on solving our ballpark issue and providing A's fans the
first-class experience they deserve," Wolff said in a statement.

The San Francisco Giants continue to block any A's effort to move to San Jose,
asserting the team's territorial rights over the South Bay that can only be
reversed through a vote of the league's owners. And the owners have to date
refused to hold such a vote.

At the heart of the city's legal plea was an attempt to persuade the Supreme
Court to strip baseball of its antitrust exemption, unique among professional
sports. The 9th Circuit, however, in rejecting San Jose's lawsuit, noted that
the Supreme Court has previously upheld that exemption, and only the high court
-- or Congress -- can change that. MLB lawyers told the Supreme Court this
summer that San Jose is asking to unravel "a question that has been firmly
settled for decades."

Staff writers Matt Artz and Ramona Giwargis contributed to this story. Howard
Mintz covers legal affairs. Contact him at 408-286-0236 or follow him at
Twitter.com/hmintz .

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FILE - In this Oct. 14, 2014, file photo, people walk outside the
Supreme Court in Washington. The Supreme Court is starting a new term on Oct. 5,
2015, that promises a steady stream of divisive social issues, and also brighter
prospects for conservatives who suffered more losses than usual in recent
months. (AP Photo/J. Scott Applewhite, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      February 6, 2017 Monday 10:53 AM GMT

Teenager admits killing US tourist in Russell Square knife rampage

BYLINE: Tristan Kirk

SECTION: CRIME

LENGTH: 491 words


A teenager has admittedkillingan American tourist and stabbingfive others in a
knife rampage through Russell Square.

Zakaria Bulhan, 19, stabbed to death retired teacher Darlene Horton just a day
before she was due to fly home to the US.

Her husband, psychology professor Richard Wagner, watched in horror as Bulhan
plunged a knife into Mrs Horton's back in the attackon August 3last year.

The Norwegian-born teenager, who is of Somali origin and moved to the UK in
2002, also stabbed Martin Hoenisch, Lillie Sellentin, David Imber, Bernard
Hepplewhite and Yovel Lewronski during the rampage before he was Tasered by
police.

Initial fears were of an ISIS-inspired terror attack, but police swiftly
identified mental health problems rather than radicalisation as the root cause.

Armed police officers patrol past the scene of the knife attack in Russell
Square (Reuters)

At the Old Bailey this morning, Bulhan pleaded guilty to manslaughter by
diminished responsibility and five charges of wounding with intent to cause
grievous bodily harm.

He denied allegations of murder and attempted murder, and prosecutor Mark
Heywood QC told the court guilty pleas to the lesser charges had been accepted
following assessment of Bulhan by psychiatrists.

"At the time of these events, it is clearly established the defendant was
suffering from an acute episode of mental illness, and has been diagnosed as
suffering from paranoid schizophrenia", said Mr Heywood.

"That acute episode was a psychotic one and floridly so.

Zakaria Bulhan, 19, stabbed to death retired teacher Darlene Horton

"He was able to and had the capacity to form an intent but his ability to form a
rational judgement and exercise control was considerably affected so that the
test for the relative charge under the heading diminished responsibility is
easily satisfied."

Mrs Horton, a mother-of-two from Tallahassee, Florida, had spent the summer in
London while her husband had been teaching classes as a visiting professor from
Florida State University.

The couple were regular visitors to London for the art galleries and museums,
according to friends, and had decided to extend their stay by an extra day when
tragedy struck.

Victim:Darlene Horton died in the attack (Met Police)

Among the others injured was Israeli teenager Ms Lewronki, 18, who was stabbed
in the hand, and Mr Hoenisch, a retired firefighter from Las Vegas who was
visiting London with his wife.

He said on Facebook afterwards: "Thanks to everyone for reaching out, we're
still very saddened about the woman who was killed.

"Very unreal experience but we are still having an unbelievable time over here.
Thanks and love to you all."

Australian Ms Sellentin said after the attack she saw Bulhan running at her
before "jumping with a clenched fist, he punched me in the side of my torso".

Bulhan, of Tooting Grove in Tooting, is flanked in the dock by medical
professionals and guards.

The hearing, in front of Mr Justice Spencer, continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2017 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

New Jersey: 3 important tips to consider when adult children are estate
beneficiaries: Your Legal Corner

LENGTH: 646  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Cumberland County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news
release:

Today Your Legal Corner will discuss "3 Important Tips When Adult Children Are
Estate Beneficiaries."

Grandmom had a saying, which was also echoed by my father in a humorous way when
it came to raising his children. It went something like this: "When they are
little they step on your feet and when they are big they tread on your heart."
It can be certain the relationship between parent and child evokes strong
emotions at every age.

To that end, estate planning requires careful consideration when addressing
adult children as estate beneficiaries.  Children bring much joy for their
parents throughout their lifetime.  Still, as they grow, challenges happen.
Important challenges to consider when creating a will with children as estate
beneficiaries are addiction, divorce and caring for an elderly parent.

Children with Addictions

Children are the center of our lives and can bring great joy.  When children
grow and become adults, they are not without their own faults and challenges.
For example, what if your child has developed an addiction such as drugs or
alcohol?  To safeguard both the adult child and your estate, consider whether a
trust should be utilized.  When in a trust, funds can be distributed on a
limited basis or delayed altogether.

As the parent/grantor of the trust, you would decide the terms of the
distribution, such as how much and when, as well as following the existing rules
and laws regarding trust creation.

Children with Spouses

We do love our children and sometimes even their spouse.  To be honest, if we
had to choose between the two, in most cases, we would understandably favor our
own child, especially in the instance of a divorce. In creating an estate plan,
consideration must be given to what might happen in the event of a divorce.  How
your estate distributes your inheritance to your child matters in the event of
the child's divorce.

Let's say child and spouse have been married for 20 some years and now the
spouse would like a divorce.  Parent dies, leaving their child, an inheritance
of several hundred thousand dollars.  Should alimony be appropriate for the
adult child, the amount of alimony may be diminished for lack of need as they
have received a substantial inheritance, as estate beneficiaries.  A trust with
a designated monthly amount may lessen the likelihood of a diminished alimony
award.

A second example is where the child is married and left a substantial award
directly and the inheritance is commingled with joint marital funds.  Should the
couple divorce, the other spouse would be entitled to receive a portion of said
inheritance because the funds were commingled with marital assets.  A trust may
be beneficial in this instance as well.

Children as Caregivers

An adult child who is a parent's caregiver who is named in the will also present
a challenge when there are other children and the inheritance is not divided
equally.  To financially reward the child who has sacrificed and acted as your
caregiver is a natural response.  The challenge is to avoid a will contest from
the other children so as not to have your inheritance spent in a long, drawn out
court battle.  Important to discuss with your attorney is the careful language
that should be contained within the will to avoid or at list minimize a will
contest.  State the obvious in a professional manner, specifically listing whom
is to receive what and why.

Remember, working with an attorney may provide added peace of mind that your
assets will transfer according to your written intentions and be legally
enforceable.

Till next week, God bless, keep smiling, when Your Legal Corner will discuss
"Young Children and Estate Planning."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 22, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Rodriguez, With Leaner Physique and Healed Hip, Has Renewed Focus

BYLINE: By BEN SHPIGEL

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 843 words


TAMPA, Fla. -- One of Alex Rodriguez's boyhood heroes, Cal Ripken, was on his
mind Monday. Asked how much longer he expected to play third base, Rodriguez
cited Ripken as someone who flouted the perception that aging players should
automatically assume diminished roles.

''Hopefully as long as him,'' Rodriguez said.

Ripken played third through the 2001 season, when he turned 41. Tethered to the
Yankees for seven more years, Rodriguez will be 42 when his contract expires.
Like Ripken, he is protective of his image and, at 35, is not inclined to
believe that his career is winding down.

Two years removed from hip surgery, Rodriguez was finally cleared to resume his
normal workout regimen, preparing for this season by focusing on agility and
flexibility. He shed 10 pounds, to 222, and dropped his body fat to 9 percent.
Manager Joe Girardi said he hoped Rodriguez could play 150 games at third base
this season, an achievement reached only 12 times by players age 35 or older,
according to Baseball-Reference.com. Last year, Rodriguez started 122 games at
third.

''I just feel lighter,'' Rodriguez said. ''I feel quicker on my feet.''

Rodriguez had been on a strict program prescribed by his surgeon, Marc
Philippon, designed to strengthen his right hip. An off-season visit to
Philippon in Vail, Colo., revealed that Rodriguez's hip had made significant
progress and needed nothing more than regular maintenance, allowing him to
concentrate on baseball. There still exists a chance that Rodriguez will need a
second operation, but it is not a concern now.

''I think over all, it's just been an uphill battle ever since that surgery,''
Rodriguez said. ''We had the short off-season with the World Series and over
all, we were just rehabbing, trying to get it back to what I call 100 percent.
This is as healthy as I've felt.''

A right hip flexor injury bothered Rodriguez last June -- though not as much as
a calf strain that sidelined him for two weeks -- and he acknowledged that he
felt somewhat restricted for much of the season. His lateral movement diminished
, and his range, especially to his left, suffered over the final few months.

To compensate at the plate, Rodriguez made a series of mechanical adjustments --
lowering his leg kick, widening his stance -- that were intended to help him
drive the ball better. He finished with at least 30 homers for the 13th
consecutive season and drove in 125 runs, his most since 2007, but he said he
thought the limitations in his hip sapped some of his power.

The hitting coach Kevin Long, who worked with him last month in Miami, said
Rodriguez was now better equipped to attack the inside pitches that shackled him
last season.

''I think Alex has been restricted,'' Long said. ''I don't think his flexibility
has been maxed out. The shape and condition that he's in now, it's going to
enable to him to do some things that we haven't seen the last few years -- more
power and easy power.''

The key, Rodriguez said, is maintaining that flexibility. It can help him ward
off the natural effects of aging and, he hopes, extend his career as a third
baseman. Of the 18 players to start 100 games there last season, only Casey
Blake and Scott Rolen were older than Rodriguez, according to the Elias Sports
Bureau, and neither matched his production. As a prime run producer, Rodriguez
has immense value at that position, which the Yankees surely recognize. To keep
Rodriguez fresh, Girardi plans to start him perhaps twice a month at designated
hitter, his likely eventual position.

''As you get older, sometimes when you're a little bit lighter, you bounce back
quicker,'' Girardi said. ''That's one thing you worry about when you have age,
your ability to recover the next day. Sometimes losing a little bit of weight
can do that.''

The evidence is small, but historically so is the production from third basemen
who played 150 games at 35 or older. Ron Cey is the only one that old to hit at
least 20 homers and drive in at least 90 runs, according to Elias. To buck that
trend, Rodriguez need only duplicate his production from 2010, which he called
''really not acceptable.''

Whatever disappointment he felt -- ''there's a lot of room for improvement, and
it starts with me,'' he said -- Rodriguez said he was in ''a better place''
mentally to handle it. Perhaps that is why he opened his news conference Monday
by asking whether anyone had seen the Super Bowl, an allusion to the camera shot
of his being fed popcorn by his girlfriend, the actress Cameron Diaz. A few
years ago, he said, he would have been upset.

''Actually, I thought it was humorous,'' Rodriguez said. ''Who would be upset
about getting fed popcorn?''

INSIDE PITCH

Although he has little chance at making the team, Andrew Brackman impressed Joe
Girardi by throwing all three of his pitch types for strikes during a batting
practice session. Brackman, the Yankees' No. 1 pick in 2007, has worked hard at
streamlining his delivery the past two seasons, and his command has improved as
a result. ''He's much further ahead than he was,'' Girardi said.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Alex Rodriquez, center with high socks, was cleared to return to
his usual workout routine after hip surgery two years ago. He has worked on
agility and flexibility. (PHOTOGRAPH BY BARTON SILVERMAN/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              656 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     News-Journal (Daytona Beach, Florida)

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

Give Florida bigger say in presidential races

BYLINE: Bob West, BOB WEST

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 450  words


Florida needs to have a bigger role in picking the next president. Florida is
the third-largest state, and the state that most reflects the rest of the states
demographically.

Because of the way it is designed, the current national primary nomination
system produces candidates elected by voters who do not reflect the majority of
the party they are a member of.

To fix the problem, the Legislature should make the following changes via this
year's elections bill:

Make the presidential preference primary an absentee ballot-only election. This
means that the Florida election will be on March 1 as is in current law. The
military ballots will be mailed 45 days ahead -- Jan 16, 2016. Regular ballots
will be mailed starting on Jan. 26. The Iowa caucuses are Jan. 18, New Hampshire
is Jan. 26. Making the election an absentee-only election will save supervisors
of elections a tremendous amount of money, as they will not have to set up
polling places.

Require the elections supervisors to count the ballots each night and publish
the results of the current count every night. This will create tremendous
interest in this election. Many nights, the Florida total will be larger than
many individual states' totals. The candidates will work hard to make sure every
Floridian votes. Florida will dominate the election news coverage. This will
also have the added benefit that the supervisors will not need to buy extra
equipment to count the absentees. They will be spacing the work out over 45
days.

Make the election an instant runoff election. One of the problems with the
current system is that candidates who reflect their party values tend to split
the party's mainstream voters. This results in the nomination of candidates who
do not reflect the party values. The instant runoff will nominate the candidate
who best reflects the party's values.

Sanction any party that diminishes Florida's role in picking a party nominee. In
the past, parties have diminished Florida voters' influence in picking their
parties' nominee by giving them fewer votes. I would propose including in
Florida law a provision that any party that diminished Florida's role would have
to run its candidates as a write-in candidate or as a no-party candidate on the
November ballot.

Those points are the essentials. Now, for all you bill-writing wonks, enter the
web address tinyurl.com/westproposedbill for a copy of my proposal.

West, of Norfolk, Virginia, is president of VotersDNA.org LLC, which offers
campaign consulting and database management and programming for candidates and
other organizations. He is former policy chief for the Florida House of
Representatives' Redistricting Committee. Column courtesy of Context Florida.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DBNJ

                Copyright 2015 ProQuest Information and Learning
                              All Rights Reserved
                               ProQuest SuperText
                    Copyright 2015 News-Journal Corporation


                              657 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       MAY 16, 2003 Friday CITY-D EDITION

Even in a lesser role, Atkins is always ready

BYLINE: Marc Narducci INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D04

LENGTH: 830 words

DATELINE: AUBURN HILLS, Mich.


Detroit Pistons point guard Chucky Atkins is a proud man, one who has felt all
along that he has warranted starter's minutes, if not a starting position.

He has been honest about his diminished playing time this season, but he hasn't
criticized his coach or the situation.

Atkins was the starting point guard last year on a 50-win team and, at age 28,
he doesn't think his skills have diminished over the last 12 months.

During this NBA Eastern Conference semifinal series with the 76ers, Atkins has
maintained that he must stay ready no matter how many minutes he plays.

To the Sixers' chagrin, Atkins has been more than ready when called upon.

As the Pistons attempt to close the series, leading by three games to two
heading into tonight's sixth game at the First Union Center, Atkins again likely
will be a central figure.

When this playoff series began, Atkins didn't expect to be the center of
attention. Now he has Pistons fans saying, "Chauncey who?"

Atkins was supposed to serve as a seldom-used backup for Chauncey Billups. But
that all changed when Billups suffered a sprained left ankle in Game 1. Since
then, Atkins has made three starts, playing the hero's role in two of those
games.

By now, the replay of his floater that Derrick Coleman goaltended with less than
a second remaining in the pulsating 78-77 win over the Sixers on Wednesday has
put Atkins in the national spotlight.

Not bad for somebody who averaged a mere 3 points, 1.1 assists and 12.1 minutes
in Detroit's opening-round playoff series with Orlando.

"Fortunately for me, I hit a great shot that is going to go down in history that
people will remember. But the important thing is that it put us up 3-2 in this
series in a game we needed to have," Atkins said.

While his last-second heroics Wednesday gained most of the attention, the rest
of the 40 minutes Atkins played weren't bad, either. He had 17 points and five
assists.

In fact, Atkins has had only one substandard performance in this series, and
that came in Game 1 when Billups was able to log 34 minutes before being
injured. Since his two-point effort in 14 minutes in that game, Atkins has been
sensational.

Overall, he is averaging 13.2 points in the series, and he leads all players
with 12 three-pointers. Since his 0-for-5 showing in Game 1 from three-point
range, he has made 12 of his last 25 from beyond the arc.

This season, Atkins also has suffered from a bone bruise in his left knee,
something he said after Wednesday's game was still bothering him.

The bruise that he has given the Sixers' collective ego has been worse. What has
been most impressive is the way Atkins has handled a season in which he sat much
more than he played, at least until Billups was hurt.

The Pistons didn't award Billups a six-year, $33 million contract to sit on the
bench. So Atkins was pushed to the background.

"I started on a team that won 50 games and won a round in the playoffs last
year," Atkins said. "I know I can play."

Atkins has a simple routine of always preparing as if he would start. That came
in handy when he was told less than a half hour before Wednesday's game that
Billups wouldn't be dressing.

"You just have to be ready to play," Atkins said. "This was a big-time game, a
must-win game. I didn't know how much Chauncey would play or how good his ankle
was, but I wanted to be ready."

Throughout this series, Pistons coach Rick Carlisle has talked about the
importance of any player at any time being ready when called upon.

"Atkins is an experienced pro," Carlisle said.

In Detroit's 104-97 overtime win in Game 2, Atkins had 23 points in 44 minutes.
During the three games he has started, Atkins has averaged 17.6 points. He also
has shared the responsibility of guarding Allen Iverson.

An undrafted free agent from the University of South Florida, Atkins paid his
dues just to get to the NBA. His professional career began in the Continental
Basketball Association, where played one season before heading to Croatia for
two more seasons.

Then he signed with Orlando for the 1999-2000 season. After only one year with
the Magic, Atkins was sent to Detroit as part of a sign-and-trade along with Ben
Wallace for Grant Hill.

In his two seasons as a starter for the Pistons, he averaged 12.0 and 12.1
points, respectively. But that total dipped to 7.1 points this season when he
was relegated to reserve duty.

Now, he has become a playoff savior for the Pistons.

"I wasn't used a lot the first series," he said. "I will be ready when they call
my number."

Contact staff writer Marc Narducci at 856-779-3225 or mnarducci@phillynews.com.

Getting Better All the Time

Here is how Detroit Pistons guard Chucky Atkins has played against the 76ers in
the NBA Eastern Conference semifinal series.

GAME MIN FG FGA 3P 3PA FT FTA A TO PTS

1 14 1 6 0 5 0 0 0 0 2

2 44 7 15 4 7 5 6 3 1 23

3 35 4 11 3 6 2 2 1 1 13

4 25 4 7 2 4 1 1 2 4 11

5 40 5 11 3 8 4 6 5 2 17

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO AND CHART;
JERRY LODRIGUSS, Inquirer Staff Photographer
The Pistons' Chucky Atkins said of his last-second basket: "Fortunately for me,
I hit a great shot that is going to go down in history that people will
remember. But the important thing is that it put us up 3-2 in this series in a
game we needed to have."
CHART
Getting Better All the Time

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 28, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Milligan, Orioles May Renew Acquaintances;
Free Agent First Baseman Could Return

Mark Maske, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; PAGE D2

LENGTH: 410 words


The Baltimore Orioles already have said their goodbyes to Randy Milligan, but
that exercise may have been premature. The Orioles have renewed contract
discussions with Milligan's representative, and -- although no agreement on a
new deal seems imminent -- the free agent first baseman could be a candidate to
remain in Baltimore if he's willing to accept a sizable pay cut.

The chances of Milligan being an Oriole next season apparently still are
relatively slim, but not as slim as they were as recently as two weeks ago.
"We've had conversations" this week, Milligan's Baltimore-based agent, Mike
Powers, said yesterday. "The door's opening a little bit. It's not completely
closed. ... I don't know exactly where things stand [with the Orioles]. I won't
know until I talk to them again."

Milligan reportedly would be willing to accept a diminished role on the team --
which is good, since the Orioles have expressed a desire to go with Glenn Davis
(who has promised to be healthy and available to play regularly) and David Segui
at first base, with Davis and recently acquired Harold Baines splitting most of
the at-bats in the designated hitter slot.

Milligan probably also would have to accept a greatly diminished salary, though.
He earned $ 1.2 million last year, including 150,000 in incentives, en route to
batting a disappointing .240 with 11 homers and 53 RBI in 137 games. General
Manager Roland Hemond last night confirmed that he'd spoken this week with
Powers but declined to elaborate.

Hemond has said that pitcher Bob Milacki also is a possibility to re-sign with
the team, although he's already turned down one contract offer from the Orioles.
Milacki, like Milligan, was non-tendered last month, having earned $ 1.18
million while winning only six games in the major leagues in 1992. The
right-hander apparently has drawn little interest on the free agent market,
however, and he could be added to the pool of those who will go to spring
training with a chance to become the Orioles' season-opening No. 5 starter.

Orioles Notes: The club appears to be no closer to settling on 1993 contracts
with outfielder Mike Devereaux and relief pitcher Todd Frohwirth, who have filed
for arbitration. Frohwirth's hearing is scheduled for Feb. 12 in New York, with
Devereaux's to come four days later.

The team signed left-hander Brad Pennington, infielders T.R. Lewis and Paul
Carey and outfielder Damon Buford to one-year contracts.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: MARYLAND NEWS

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post


                              659 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 9, 2015 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Diminished Bryant Finds a Warm Welcome at the Garden

BYLINE: By ANDREW KEH

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Sports Desk; KNICKS 99, LAKERS 95; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 806 words


The anticipatory murmurs swelled up the Madison Square Garden stands like an
incoming wave each time Kobe Bryant held the basketball in his hands.

Bryant's solipsistic playing style -- eyes down, delaying, waiting, as bodies
swirl around him -- has always seemed tailor-made for the arena's theater-style
lighting. If the game on Sunday afternoon between the Knicks and the Los Angeles
Lakers proves to have been Bryant's last time appearing on that court, New York
fans at least savored his every move.

Just a few games into his 20th professional season, still regaining his strength
and timing after a spate of injuries, Bryant, 37, has said that he will retire
next spring when the season concludes, barring a late change of mind. Amid the
cheers and boos, Bryant obliged fans as best he could. He pump-faked and
jab-stepped and launched ill-advised shots. Sometimes, they went in. It was the
Bryant -- or some version of him, at least -- that people have long paid to see.

It was a reflective afternoon that, among other things, reinforced the notion
that Bryant's days of single-handedly deciding games are over. Despite holding a
late lead, the Lakers fell to the Knicks, 99-95. Afterward, Bryant left the
court with his hand in the air.

''I don't think you understand how much I watched this building growing up,''
said Bryant, who recalled watching videotapes of Knicks games from the 1970s,
'80s and '90s when he was younger. ''I was, like, truly, truly a fan.''

Bryant scored 18 points, shooting 6 for 19 from the field. It was a scrappy
game, one essentially decided when Langston Galloway made a 3-pointer with two
minutes left to give the Knicks a 92-90 lead. Seconds later, on the other end,
Bryant missed a jumper from the corner. The Lakers did not score again until
24.9 seconds remained.

Carmelo Anthony scored 24 points to lead the Knicks, who notched their first
victory at home and improved to 3-4.

After the game, Bryant reiterated more forcefully what he had been hinting at
for some time: that this season will more than likely be his last. But he has
yet to speak in absolutes. ''My message has been consistent all the time,'' he
said. ''If I change my mind, I'll come back and play.''

The discussion and speculation -- not to mention the tributes and ceremonial
remembrances -- are likely to continue over the coming weeks and months.

Bryant received a warm ovation when his name was announced before tipoff. Forty
seconds into the game, when he handled the ball for the first time, the stands
again responded with loud applause. Bryant, wearing a long-sleeved purple shirt
under his uniform, missed his first two shots. When he squared up alone near the
right sideline, with his right toe on the 3-point line, and sank his first
basket, the arena erupted in cheers. He drained his next two shots, a deep 2 and
a 3, before taking a seat on the bench and wrapping an orange towel around his
neck.

It was Bryant's first game at the Garden, a place that has some significance to
him, since Dec. 12, 2012. He scored his first career point at the Garden on Nov.
5, 1996. He recalled that experience on Sunday, saying it felt as if someone had
taken one of his old Knicks tapes and pressed fast-forward.

On Feb. 2, 2009, Bryant scored 61 points, a record point total for the arena at
the time (Anthony scored 62 in the building last year).

''You know, if this is his last hurrah, I'm going to miss him,'' Anthony said.

Bryant's presence, in some ways, overshadowed the game, a matchup of two
rebuilding teams. On the court were two prominent rookies, point guard D'Angelo
Russell of the Lakers and forward Kristaps Porzingis of the Knicks, picked
second and fourth in the 2015 draft. Russell, who has had a halting start to the
season, finished with 6 points and 3 assists. Porzingis had 12 points and 10
rebounds, notching his third double-double.

''The kid, he's going to be a pretty damn good basketball player,'' Lakers Coach
Byron Scott said of Porzingis before the game.

Porzingis was active all afternoon, energizing the fans when he drilled a
3-pointer with about two minutes left before halftime to give the Knicks a 45-44
lead. His foul on Bryant in the third quarter led to the ejection of Knicks
Coach Derek Fisher, who argued the call with officials.

''Get tossed out for something worth debating, not that one,'' Bryant joked in
reference to Fisher, his former teammate.

With just over a minute left in the game, Porzingis dived to the floor to secure
a rebound at the feet of Bryant, who smothered Porzingis, but not before the
Knicks called timeout. Bryant patted Porzingis on the back as the teams went to
their benches.

After the game, a beaming Porzingis called Bryant his idol and gushed about the
brief interaction.

''He just told me, 'Keep working, young fella,' '' Porzingis said.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/09/sports/basketball/a-diminished
-kobe-bryant-still-finds-a-warm-welcome-at-the-garden.html

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Lakers' Kobe Bryant (24) and Roy Hibbert contesting a shot
by the Knicks' Carmelo Anthony in the first half. Bryant scored 18 points, and
Anthony had 24. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JASON SZENES/EUROPEAN PRESSPHOTO AGENCY)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              660 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 standard.co.uk

                      February 6, 2017 Monday 10:53 AM GMT

Teenager admits killing US tourist in Russell Square knife rampage

BYLINE: Tristan Kirk

SECTION: CRIME

LENGTH: 492 words


A teenager has admittedkillingan American tourist and stabbing five others in a
knife rampage through Russell Square.

Zakaria Bulhan, 19, stabbed to death retired teacher Darlene Horton just a day
before she was due to fly home to the US.

Her husband, psychology professor Richard Wagner, watched in horror as Bulhan
plunged a knife into Mrs Horton's back in the attackon August 3 last year.

The Norwegian-born teenager, who is of Somali origin and moved to the UK in
2002, also stabbed Martin Hoenisch, Lillie Sellentin, David Imber, Bernard
Hepplewhite and Yovel Lewronski during the rampage before he was Tasered by
police.

Initial fears were of an ISIS-inspired terror attack, but police swiftly
identified mental health problems rather than radicalisation as the root cause.

Armed police officers patrol past the scene of the knife attack in Russell
Square (Reuters)

At the Old Bailey this morning, Bulhan pleaded guilty to manslaughter by
diminished responsibility and five charges of wounding with intent to cause
grievous bodily harm.

He denied allegations of murder and attempted murder, and prosecutor Mark
Heywood QC told the court guilty pleas to the lesser charges had been accepted
following assessment of Bulhan by psychiatrists.

"At the time of these events, it is clearly established the defendant was
suffering from an acute episode of mental illness, and has been diagnosed as
suffering from paranoid schizophrenia", said Mr Heywood.

"That acute episode was a psychotic one and floridly so.

Zakaria Bulhan, 19, stabbed to death retired teacher Darlene Horton

"He was able to and had the capacity to form an intent but his ability to form a
rational judgement and exercise control was considerably affected so that the
test for the relative charge under the heading diminished responsibility is
easily satisfied."

Mrs Horton, a mother-of-two from Tallahassee, Florida, had spent the summer in
London while her husband had been teaching classes as a visiting professor from
Florida State University.

The couple were regular visitors to London for the art galleries and museums,
according to friends, and had decided to extend their stay by an extra day when
tragedy struck.

Victim:Darlene Horton died in the attack (Met Police)

Among the others injured was Israeli teenager Ms Lewronki, 18, who was stabbed
in the hand, and Mr Hoenisch, a retired firefighter from Las Vegas who was
visiting London with his wife.

He said on Facebook afterwards: "Thanks to everyone for reaching out, we're
still very saddened about the woman who was killed.

"Very unreal experience but we are still having an unbelievable time over here.
Thanks and love to you all."

Australian Ms Sellentin said after the attack she saw Bulhan running at her
before "jumping with a clenched fist, he punched me in the side of my torso".

Bulhan, of Tooting Grove in Tooting, is flanked in the dock by medical
professionals and guards.

The hearing, in front of Mr Justice Spencer, continues.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBES


                    Copyright 2017 Evening Standard Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     April 21, 2004 Wednesday Home Edition

OUR OPINIONS: Give seniors alternatives to autos

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Editorial; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 460 words


Gov. Sonny Perdue is tooling around the state in a spiffy RV this week, and when
he's not riding in style, the high-flying executive rarely misses the chance to
take a trip by plane or helicopter. During his travels, let's hope Perdue hasn't
forgotten that a growing number of Georgians need transportation options that
are firmly grounded in reality.

One of the groups already facing major mobility challenges are seniors who,
because of diminished faculties and other reasons, no longer drive. An estimated
100,000 older people in metro Atlanta fall into that category, according to a
recent study by the American Association of Retired Persons and the Surface
Transportation Policy Project, an advocacy group.

These seniors often cannot easily make medical appointments or run errands that
most of us take for granted, a factor that contributes to social isolation and a
diminished quality of life.

The study also ranked Atlanta second only to New York City in the number of
residents over 65 who don't or can't drive, and 10th among cities nationwide in
providing public transportation. Unless Perdue and other Georgia officials take
steps soon to create other options for car-deprived seniors, the problem will
certainly get worse, since the region is expected to add another million
residents over 65 in the next two decades.

Says Bill Brown, interim director of AARP Georgia: "Federal, state and local
policy-makers must start now to plan for the time when Americans who grew up in
cars put down their keys for good."

To meet that objective, one obvious approach is to increase the accessibility
and availability of public transportation, long neglected by state
transportation officials. Another is more thoughtful land-use planning that
encourages walking by linking residential and commercial centers, especially in
the suburbs, where crossing the street can be a dangerous proposition for
pedestrians.

For seniors who may need to travel longer distances, Georgia could emulate an
innovative program in Portland, Maine, that provides on-demand car services for
seniors traveling in a 15-mile radius of the city, charging them as little as a
dollar a mile.

The city's nonprofit Independent Transportation Network started 10 years ago
with federal and state grants, but now operates without any government money.

Of course, it makes sense to expand transportation alternatives for all
Georgians, regardless of age. Teenagers who can't get a job at the mall because
it's too far from their homes, immigrants who don't have a driver's license and
disabled persons are among those who would benefit as well.

But as Georgia's population gets older, state officials should get wiser about
the transportation choices they make.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2004 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              662 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           January 30, 2010 Saturday

Sri Lanka: Tiger Woods' Nike presence diminished at

LENGTH: 329  words

DATELINE: Jan. 27


Jan. 27, Jan. 30 -- Tiger Woods's biggest corporate backer has diminished the
role of the world's top-ranked golfer in its marketing at the annual PGA
Merchandise Show in Orlando, Florida.Nike Inc.'s outdoor booth at the event's
annual Demo Day features only one photo of Woods, located near an apparel
display inside the company's tent.

The area is only accessible to media and those with invitations.Outside of the
booth at the Orange County National Golf Center's 42-acre driving range, in an
area open to the public, are photos of Nike-sponsored golfers Justin Leonard and
Suzann Pettersen alongside versions of the company's newest clubs."Tiger has
said he's going to be out of golf indefinitely so obviously we're not going to
ask him to be part of any marketing right now," Cindy Davis, chief executive
officer of Nike's golf division, said in a telephone interview. "He's not
playing, so it makes sense to not feature him."While the company isn't currently
using Woods in its marketing, Nike has continued to stand behind the golfer, who
announced on Dec. 11 that he was taking an indefinite break from the sport after
admitting infidelity.Two other sponsors, consulting firm Accenture Plc and
telecommunications company AT&T Inc., dropped Woods following his
announcement.At the 2009 PGA show at the Orange County Convention Center, Nike
debuted a line of Woods-inspired Victory Red irons and used his image
prominently in its marketing efforts.At this week's show, Beaverton,
Oregon-based Nike is introducing two drivers, two sets of irons and a putter
line mostly using the help of its other golfers, including Leonard and 2008
Masters Tournament winner Trevor Immelman."We've been in this business 10 years,
and we viewed coming to this show as the beginning of the next chapter," Davis
said. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For
more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

Hobbs declines to take the stand; closing arguments Friday

BYLINE: Michael Futch, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 821 words


Dec. 11--Today marks the last opportunity for the defense to sway jurors into
believing that defendant Cedric Theodis Hobbs Jr. did not intend to kill
19-year-old Kyle Harris during a robbery in a Fayetteville pawnshop four years
ago.

Closing arguments in the seven-week-long murder trial are scheduled and also
represent the final chance for the state to bolster its case that Harris' death
was "the heart of the crime the defendant committed." The prosecution has
presented the murder as part of a crime spree that started in Georgia on Nov. 5,
2010, continued the following day in Fayetteville and ended that night in the
nation's capital.

Hobbs, 33, has admitted in Cumberland County Superior Court that he shot Harris,
leading to the death of the 2009 Cape Fear High School graduate, and he robbed
the Cumberland Pawn Shop on Grove Street. And while Hobbs has committed to the
acts involved, his attorneys say the defendant does not commit to mental intent.

Murder by premeditation and deliberation, and robbery are specific intent
crimes, according to the law.

Through testimony, the defense team has built a case saying Hobbs had diminished
mental capacity from a combination of psychiatric illnesses and substance abuse
and did not form the specific intent required to commit the crimes of murder and
robbery.

Closing arguments are scheduled to begin at 9 a.m. in courtroom 4A.

On Thursday, Hobbs told Judge Robert Floyd he did not want to testify on his
behalf in his trial.

"Is it your decision not to testify?" the judge asked.

"Yes, sir," Hobbs said.

The defense wrapped up its evidence earlier before Floyd and the lawyers met to
discuss the instructions that would be read to jurors.

The 12-member jury will decide if Hobbs is guilty of first-degree murder, two
counts each of armed robbery and attempted armed robbery, and one count of
conspiracy to commit armed robbery.

If found guilty of first-degree murder, he could be sentenced to death.

Also, a forensic psychiatrist testified Hobbs did not intend to kill Harris
during the robbery.

"Hobbs cannot completely recall what happened," Dr. George P. Corvin told the
jury. "That's still correct."

Corvin testified Wednesday that Hobbs suffers from persistent depressive
disorder, major depression and post-traumatic stress disorder, and is also a
substance abuser. The Raleigh-based private psychiatrist told the court he
believed Hobbs' ability to use judgment at the time of the shooting was
diminished. He said Hobbs is the product of a family history "fully loaded" with
psychiatric illness.

Prosecutor Rita Cox questioned Corvin on whether Hobbs had characteristics
associated with antisocial personality disorder. She listed a number of criteria
of the disorder and asked Corvin if Hobbs "fit" with those characteristics.

"Does he meet six of the criteria? The answer is 'Yes,'"Corvin agreed.

Cox then challenged him on why he had not diagnosed Hobbs with antisocial
personality disorder.

"He doesn't have it," Corvin said.

Corvin said "a cookbook approach" cannot be used to make diagnostic
formulations.

Cox delved into the Georgia homicide, where Hobbs is also suspected of killing
Rondriako Burnett the day before Harris was killed in Fayetteville. Prosecutors
say Hobbs drove Burnett's Suburban to Fayetteville, where it could not be
restarted in front of the pawnshop. After allegedly ditching the Suburban for
Harris' Saturn Ion, Hobbs and his fiancee, Alexis Mattocks, were arrested in
Washington, D.C.

Citing Corvin's interviews with the defendant, Cox asked, "He said he was mad at
Ron Burnett and wanted to kill him?"

"Yes," Corvin responded.

"He said right then he wanted to do something to him?"

"That is correct."

But Corvin then elaborated, saying Hobbs views the two homicides differently.
Hobbs saw Burnett, a drug dealer according to previous testimony, as a bad man.
Burnett had startled Mattocks and caused their young daughter, Storm, to cry
when Burnett fired a weapon in the air to scare Hobbs, Corvin said.

Hobbs saw it as being disrespectful to him, the psychiatrist said.

The defendant owed Burnett $40 for a crack cocaine debt, the defendant's brother
said earlier in the trial, and was also interested in buying more drugs.

Corvin said in his interviews with Hobbs, the defendant has shown remorse about
the Harris shooting. The psychiatrist said Hobbs doesn't understand why he did
it.

Corvin said that's because the shooting was done emotionally in a split second.

The plan, he testified, was to rob the store and take money and guns. The plan,
Corvin said, was never to kill Harris.

"He planned everything -- the robbery -- until he shot Kyle Harris," he said.
"In that instant, his plan went to hell."

Staff writer Michael Futch can be reached at futchm@fayobserver.com or 486-3529.

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20141211-FY-Hobbs-declines-to-take-the-stand-closing-arguments-Friday-1211-20141
211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              664 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 28, 2009 Tuesday

Swine flu deaths rising // Local officials ready to fight swine flu

BYLINE: Danielle M. Williamson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: WORCESTER


WORCESTER - First, the Asian longhorned beetle hit area trees. Then, the Dec.
11-12 ice storm made its mark, leaving piles of debris that still sit along
sidewalks across the county. Layoffs diminished the city's resources, and more
cuts are looming.

We couldn't get the swine flu, too - could we? Just in case, area officials are
making the necessary preparations.

"We've put in the effort to make sure we're ready," said City Manager Michael V.
O'Brien, who, along with many other local and community officials, was in
meetings yesterday about how to handle a potential swine flu outbreak such as
those that have hit five states, and parts of Canada and Mexico.

City and state officials want to make it clear that there are no confirmed cases
of the new virus in Massachusetts, nor is this considered a global pandemic. At
the chance area residents start flooding emergency rooms and doctors' offices
with flu-like symptoms, however, city workers, hospital, college and school
officials, and other agencies want to be prepared.

"The notices have gone out, and we have to be prepared to respond accordingly,"
Mr. O'Brien said. For the first time since the ice storm, he noted, he has put
the city's emergency response team on stand-by.

"We want to get all the communication issues ironed out now," he said. "Clearly,
we're hoping for the very best outcome."

According to the state Department of Public Health, swine flu is a respiratory
infection caused by viruses that regularly cause outbreaks of influenza in pigs.
Human cases, though rare, typically involve people who have had direct contact
with pigs. Person-to-person contact is suspected among recent cases in the
Southwest, and the 20 confirmed cases across the country have been reported to
be mild. Some of the cases in Mexico have been very serious, according to a DPH
press release.

At the chance area residents become ill (the closest cases are in New York
City), the city's Office of Health and Medical Preparedness will play an
integral role in facilitating communication among health and city officials,
said Dr. Leonard J. Morse, the city's commissioner of public health. The office
integrates public health and medical programming and surveillance into the
healthcare network and emergency response service in the event of a disaster.

"We're working on how to best respond in an organized, cohesive way," Mr.
O'Brien said. "We need to get all the necessary personnel - police, fire,
hospitals, schools - into the same room and establish a very specific command
structure on how information will be distributed."

Those meetings began this weekend and will continue throughout the week. Health
officials across the region were on conference calls with the DPH, which will
compile information about confirmed cases, should they occur. This morning,
Interim Superintendent Deirdre J. Loughlin will ask school principals to
determine if any students traveled overseas during spring vacation last week. In
New York City, more than 100 high school students may have been infected after
going to Mexico.

UMass Memorial Medical Center will be putting up signs that were ubiquitous
during flu season, warning anyone experiencing respiratory symptoms to wear a
surgical mask. Doctors are reminding people to be vigilant with their hygiene by
washing hands regularly, coughing into your elbow instead of your hand and
avoiding crowds.

"This is an unfortunate way to remind people of the importance of good hygiene,"
said Dr. Richard T. Ellison, hospital epidemiologist at UMass. "We're remaining
very cautious. In the 1950s and 1960s, there were a couple of new flu viruses
that spread widely, and ended up being rather mild. Our hope is that this will
be similar, but we'll know much more in the next week or so."

Cringing at some news reports that have hinted at the outbreak causing
"hysteria," Dr. Morse said he wanted to reassure the public that there was no
reason to panic.

"If we had to, we could open nine emergency dispatching sites throughout the
city," he said. The DPH announced yesterday afternoon it would start receiving
antiviral medications and other medical equipment and supplies from the federal
government in case it's needed. "All of this is epidemiologic science and
preparedness, and we're quite prepared."

ART: CHART

CUTLINE: What is swine flu?

PHOTOG: T&G Staff/DON LANDGREN JR.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WORCESTER - First, the Asian longhorned beetle hit area trees. Then,
the Dec. 11-12 ice storm made its mark, leaving piles of debris that still sit
along sidewalks across the county. Layoffs diminished the city's resources, and
more cuts are looming. We couldn't get the swine flu, too - could we? Just in
case, area officials are making the necessary preparations. "We've put in the
effort to make sure we're ready," said City Manager Michael V. O'Brien, who,
along with many other local and community officials, was in meetings yesterday
about how to handle a potential swine flu outbreak such as those that have hit
five states, and parts of Canada and Mexico.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                          September 9, 2009 Wednesday

Mixed reception // Schedules, opting out impede president's speech

BYLINE: Danielle M. Williamson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 876 words


Scheduling conflicts in many area school districts yesterday diminished the
controversy surrounding President Barack Obama's televised speech to the
nation's students.

The noontime address - delivered when many local students were eating lunch or
changing classes - triggered objections beforehand from some parents and
officials across the country, some of whom said the speech could be political
propaganda. On Friday, Mitchell Chester, state commissioner of elementary and
Secondary Education, asked school districts to "respect the requests of any
parents who ask that their children not participate" in viewing the president's
speech.

Locally, many districts sent home permission slips with students last week,
allowing those who didn't want their children to see the speech to opt out of
viewing it in the classroom.

After all the commotion, though, it appeared that a majority of students in some
districts didn't see the speech, anyway, simply because their schedules
conflicted with the time of the address.

"We don't have the capability to show the entire school a presentation
simultaneously," said Dale Hanley, superintendent of the Southbridge public
schools, which taped the president's remarks. "Additionally, noontime is that
part of the day when we have multiple lunches scheduled."

Southbridge, Shrewsbury, Auburn and Worcester are among the districts that plan
to focus on the speech later in the week at more convenient times, incorporating
it into lesson plans. Others, including Gardner, left it up to building
principals and, in some cases, individual teachers, whether to show the speech.
In the Dudley-Charlton schools, officials determined the speech would be
inappropriate for elementary-age students, but may show a recording to older
students later this week. At Nipmuc Regional High School in Upton, the principal
spoke to students before airing it in the school auditorium.

"Having read President Obama's speech in advance, I spoke to the students before
the presentation began to let them know that the president would be addressing
the importance of education and their individual responsibility in the learning
process," said Joan Scribner, principal at Nipmuc. "I also told them that he
would be reinforcing what is important to us here at Nipmuc and in our society -
education of our youth and their role in their own education."

The president, speaking from Wakefield High School in Arlington, Va., urged
students to work hard and value education, for the betterment of themselves and
the country. He provided several examples of students who have overcome
adversity and succeeded, stressing that being the victim of unfortunate
circumstances is not an excuse to abandon schoolwork.

Out of 50 students approached yesterday afternoon outside of Doherty Memorial
High School in Worcester, only five had seen the president's speech. The
students who didn't watch it either weren't aware it was being aired, didn't
have access to it in their class, or were at lunch when it was broadcast.

"It wasn't anything controversial," said 16-year-old Maria Leva, a junior at
Doherty. "It was pretty much an elder speaking to students, basically telling us
we can do it."

Abby Moylan, 15, a Doherty sophomore, described the address as "very neutral."

"It was encouraging for (students) to know that there are people out there who
are encouraging and want them to do well, even if their parents aren't
supportive," she said.

In Auburn, according to Superintendent Maryellen Brunelle, many students watched
the address yesterday, with the remainder planning to watch it later this week.

"We did provide an opt-out option and there were nine children from across the
district whose parents chose to avail themselves of that," Ms. Brunelle said.

Shrewsbury Superintendent Joseph M. Sawyer said even before the political
controversy, his district had not planned to show the address live to students.

"It is difficult and, in some cases, not possible to provide a live broadcast to
our students in the middle of our lunch schedule," he said.

Shrewsbury students may see the speech in class later this week, at which point
Mr. Sawyer will know how many have opted out.

He wrote a letter last week to parents, saying the district was in an "awkward
position," as it worked to balance the wishes of parents with the feeling that
exposure to the speech would be a positive learning experience.

"Our district's mission statement includes providing our students with `an
appreciation of our democratic tradition,'" Mr. Sawyer wrote. "As such, when the
president of the United States wishes to share his thoughts with our students
about the importance of setting educational goals, working hard to achieve those
goals, and persevering in the face of challenges, I believe our students should
have the opportunity to listen, both out of respect for the office of president
and because such a message reinforces both American values and our district's
stated core values."

ART: PHOTOS

CUTLINE: Speaking of President Obama's speech are, from far left, Abbie
Milewski, 15, and Abby Moylan, 15, both sophomores; above left, Maria Leva, 16,
a junior; and Miguel Bengochea, 15, a sophomore, all of Doherty Memorial High
School in Worcester.

PHOTOG: T&G Staff Photos/PAUL KAPTEYN

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Scheduling conflicts in many area school districts yesterday diminished
the controversy surrounding President Barack Obama's televised speech to the
nation's students. The noontime address - delivered when many local students
were eating lunch or changing classes - triggered objections beforehand from
some parents and officials across the country, some of whom said the speech
could be political propaganda. On Friday, Mitchell Chester, state commissioner
of elementary and Secondary Education, asked school districts to "respect the
requests of any parents who ask that their children not participate" in viewing
the president's speech.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                July 4, 1985, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

THE TALK OF LAREDO;
BORDER CITY FINDS RICHES IN CHARMS

BYLINE: By ROBERT REINHOLD, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 10, Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 919 words

DATELINE: LAREDO, Tex., July 3


One might think that the Mayor of this border city, which is 92 percent
Mexican-American, would have a name like Garcia or Lopez or be a descendant of
the gunslingers who once shot up its famous streets. In fact, the Mayor of
Laredo is an Italian-American from Rhode Island.

He is Aldo Tatangelo, a gregarious man of 71 years who migrated here in 1963 to
open a factory to manufacture sunglasses and costume jewelry. He made a fortune
at that, and then converted years of civic involvement into electoral victory in
1978 after the last Mayor, an arm of the entrenched establishment here, went to
jail on a mail fraud conviction.

Mr. Tatangelo has since won re-election and is planning to run again next April,
although people say his political standing has diminished in recent years and he
may face tough opposition.

Still, his popularity is remarkable, considering that he speaks Spanish slowly,
with an Italian accent, and that his approach to the English language borrows
from Casey Stengel. (Example: ''People have started to revaluate what is Laredo
and where we are gone.'') These traits have not diminished his popularity among
Mexican-Americans here, which has been enhanced by his platform of paving
streets, improving city services and bolstering ties with neighboring Nuevo
Laredo, Mexico.

In fact, he says, Mexican parents have taken to naming their sons for him.
''There are a lot of little Aldos running around now,'' he said, beaming like a
new grandfather.

The Mayor also takes pride in his Italian heritage. He has built a huge home in
Laredo's Regency section, and behind it he has elaborate Italianate gardens
lined with Italian cypresses and white plaster of paris statues of Roman guards
and eagles. ''I got the idea from Caesars Palace in Las Vegas,'' he said. ''I've
never been to Italy.''

Laradoans are hoping they have finally seen the worst of the economic calamity
they suffered from the collapse of the Mexican peso in 1982. It taught then a
hard lesson: They were much too dependent on retail and wholesale trade from
Mexico.

So now they have high hopes for a project under construction that is meant to
trade on the Laredo mystique and draw American visitors. The city government has
evacuated its 102-year-old City Hall downtown and given it over for a project to
return it to its former use as a mercado, or market. But instead of produce, the
market will have 28 stalls selling jewelry, arts and other items meant to appeal
to visitors, according to Larry Norton, a downtown clothing retailer who is a
prime mover in the project.

''We are one of the largest entry points for tourists to Mexico,'' he said,
''but most people spend only one night here. We hope this project will give them
something to do, to stay an extra night and spend some money.

''We have never capitalized on our name,'' he added. ''Our fault was that we
always relied on trade from Mexico.''

Indeed, Laredo, has a rich history. Founded in 1755, it was even the capital,
for 283 days in 1840, of an independent country, the Republic of the Rio Grande.
Most people know it from the plaintive folk song ''The Streets of Laredo,''
about a repentant cowboy making plans for his funeral: ''Beat the drum slowly
and play the fife lowly.''

The market, City Hall Square, is to be housed in a graceful building with
pleasingly arched windows and in several side buildings that once housed offices
of the City Attorney and other officials. The front part has a second story,
which, once it was torn apart, turned out to have once been a theater.

The Federal Government is putting up about $1 million for the project, and the
Laredo Development Corporation, a nonprofit entity created by local business
people to run the project, is looking for 40 local backers to sign guarantees of
$10,000 each for a $400,000 loan needed to match the Federal money.

Meanwhile, there are signs of revival. Downtown, which looked like a ghost town
after the peso collapse in 1982, when 400 to 600 shops failed, is now mostly
rented out again - even though the peso has slipped over the last month. It was
trading at 335 pesos to the dollar Friday, but the rate was 322 on Tuesday.
Also, unemployment, which once was about 30 percent, was down to 13.8 percent in
May. Chuck Snyder, director of the Chamber of Commerce, said the city was also
having some success in attracting new industry, something he says it never paid
much attention to before.

Topic A in Laredo these days has been the hostage drama in Lebanon, because two
of the most prominent figures in its business community were among those held
for 17 days. They are Vicente Garza, a wealthy investor and developer, and his
son-in-law, Robert Trautmann Jr., a developer. They returned home today.

Throughout their ordeal, yellow ribbons, a symbol of hope for the hostages,
seemed to be everywhere around town: on store windows, on hedges and fences,
wrapped around men's ties, on cars and trucks. The daily television reports were
closely followed here.

Over in the Heights on the affluent east side of town, parishioners at the
Blessed Sacrament Roman Catholic Church, where the Garza family worships,
conducted a nonstop prayer vigil after the hijacking began.

Next door at the rectory, Msgr. William T. Thompson, two priests and deacon
marveled at the community response. Said the deacon, Larry Sandlin: ''There has
been a tremendous outpouring. You can sense people want to know what else they
can do. Everyone has accepted it as something personal.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: map of Texas highlighting Laredo; photo of Mayor Aldo Tatangelo
(NYT/Lee Dodds); photos of Laredo, Texas

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              667 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            November 10, 2013 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

"Ready, fire, aim" makes for grumpy voters

BYLINE: Henry Dubroff and John J. Huggins

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 709 words


Tuesday's election results, combined with the legislative and political
machinations that set those results into motion, contain valuable lessons for
those trying to steer Colorado toward a more prosperous future.

* Coloradans want real, cost effective education reform before they will
consider more funding. While the headlines focused on the size of Amendment 66's
resounding defeat, it is important to note that reform oriented school
candidates won all four Denver school board seats and several other seats along
the Front Range. The radical, union busting reform slate narrowly won all four
Douglas County School Board seats and mounted a serious challenge before losing
in Mesa County.

After two consecutive landslide defeats for expensive statewide education
funding proposals, it is time for education reform advocates to go back to the
chalkboard and demonstrate that reforms can meaningfully improve school
achievement before asking for more money.

* The secession movement needs to evolve to survive. Now that a majority of the
11 counties and a 56 percent majority of all those who voted on secession nixed
the idea, we can see that despite a lot of media buzz, the quixotic notion never
did have deep public support.

But this does not mean the concerns of rural Colorado are not legitimate.
Digging a bit deeper into demographics, it is easy to chart the massive
population tilt toward urban and suburban communities, which now command the
political high ground. Colorado has grown from about a 2 1 urban rural split in
1950 to almost 6 1 today. The rural population grew by about 200,000 during the
past 60 years, while urban populations grew by a stunning 3.5 million.

However, rural politics and politicians are not used to taking a back seat. As
recently as the 1990s, rural interests had an outsized influence on Colorado's
legislature, an influence that enabled Roy Romer, a farm equipment dealer from
Holly, to win three terms as governor (1986 98).

Now, term limits, population shifts and the new take no prisoners style of
legislating have greatly diminished the clout of rural counties. Colorado's
Plains counties would do well to take a deep breath and, as has been suggested
elsewhere, organize a Club 10 or Club 11 movement modeled on the Western Slope's
Club 20 group to maximize their demographically diminished clout.

The bottom line is that running a rural candidate for statewide office will pose
demographic challenges that a Romer like figure could not have imagined back in
the day.

* The Colorado General Assembly needs to do a better job legislating. The
leadership needs a vastly improved sense of what is practical, and must shelve
the real politic power plays that have been its recent modus operandi. Gov. John
Hickenlooper needs to hold the assembly to a higher standard with the threat or
actual use of his veto pen, if necessary.

Last session, the legislature waded into controversy, passing a gun control
package, education reform that led to Amendment 66, election reform and
increased renewable energy standards for rural electric providers.

What is most notable is not the policies these bills introduced but the one
sided process used to run them through the legislature. Unfortunately for
Colorado, this winner take all, opposition be damned approach has become the
norm for operation under the gold dome.

And, predictably, the ready fire aim lessons of an earlier generation were lost
in the process. The partisan approach led to very flawed legislation as
exemplified by the practically unenforceable magazine size limits in the gun
bill, an election bill that contradicted plain language in the state
constitution, and a series of command and control energy mandates that Gov.
Hickenlooper admitted were flawed even as he signed them into law.

Let's hope our elected leaders take the time to reflect on these lessons before
the next legislative session begins. Colorado's continued run of economic good
luck requires more common sense and willingness to compromise when it comes to
governing.

Henry Dubroff is a writer and entrepreneur. John J. Huggins is an entrepreneur
and investor in Denver. To read previous installments of their occasional series
on the nation's fiscal issues, go to denverpost.com/dubroff.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           August 27, 2008 Wednesday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

IVANOVIC STILL THE 1. WINS BUT ADMITS THUMB-THING'S WRONG

BYLINE: BY MICHAEL OBERNAUER DAILY NEWS SPORTS WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 80

LENGTH: 624 words


LIKE HER MEN'S COUNTERPART atop the world rankings, Ana Ivanovic is new to this
No. 1-at-a-Grand-Slam business. She took over the top ranking only two months
ago, after winning the French Open, and suddenly, like Rafael Nadal, she must
bear the weight of everyone's expectations that she should go far at the U.S.
Open, perhaps even win it.

But after yesterday's shaky showing in her first match, those expectations might
have to be diminished a bit. Or, if Ivanovic is to be the judge, diminished a
lot.

The 20-year-old Serb had barely enough to scratch her way past 57th-ranked Vera
Dushevina of Russia, 6-1, 4-6, 6-4, yesterday and narrowly avoid becoming the
first No. 1 women's seed to lose in the first round of the U.S. Open. But since
Ivanovic has been fighting a thumb injury since the end of Wimbledon, she
sounded yesterday as though she's not counting on being around Flushing Meadows
late into next week.

"I'm a very big competitor, so obviously I want myself to win," she said. "But I
think at the moment it's a lot to ask for."

Under a midday sun at Arthur Ashe Stadium, Ivanovic pocketed the first set in
just 27 minutes, then grabbed a 4-2 lead in the second and two break chances to
make it 5-2. But she wasted both break points and allowed Dushevina to hold
serve, then was broken twice herself to force a third set.

Seeming increasingly tentative as the day wore on, Ivanovic did everything she
could to give the match away. She committed 35 of her 40 unforced errors in the
final two sets, including one to fritter away a match point on Dushevina's serve
at 5-3; she missed a gimme from in front of the net by whacking it long even
after Dushevina had abandoned the point; and she double-faulted away another
match point before two straight unforced errors from Dushevina ended matters
after two hours and two minutes.

Asked whether she became frustrated with her rickety performance, Ivanovic
replied, "No, actually, I'm very, very happy, because just to be here and to be
able to compete, for me, it's already a great achievement."

That's because the pain in her thumb forced her to withdraw from the Olympics
after flying to Beijing, and to take on a wicked itinerary just to get to the
Open.

"After Beijing I thought I might not be able to compete here, and I really tried
to do everything possible for my recovery," she said. That included a trip from
China to Australia to see her doctor.

Ivanovic said that once she arrived in New York on Sunday, "I started to feel
better. Before, I had no power in my hand. I couldn't hold my racket. So finally
my power was back."

As for the round-the-world frequent flier miles she racked up over the past two
weeks, Ivanovic smiled and said, "I think I can have the whole next year free."

UNCLE SAM: Twenty-year-old Californian Sam Querrey plastered No. 22 seed Thomas
Berdych, 6-3, 6-1, 6-2. One more victory and the 6-foot-6 Querrey will have his
best Open in three tries. . . . At the same time Marat Safin was beating Vincent
Spadea, 3-6, 6-2, 6-3, 4-6, 6-4, at Ashe Stadium, Tommy Haas claimed a
five-setter of his own at Armstrong, rallying past 12th-seeded Frenchman Richard
Gasquet, 6-7 (3), 6-4, 5-7, 7-5, 6-2, in 3:38. Haas, a quarterfinalist last
year, is unseeded here after missing several months early in the year following
shoulder surgery. . . . No. 11 seed Daniela Hantuchova lost, 6-4, 6-2, to
Anna-Lena Groenefeld, in just 1:11 to become the first seeded woman to fall.

want more?

Hey you tennis junkies, check out our Web site for even more Open coverage:

Photo gallery of the Open, including a look at the sexiest men and women at the
Open, including Roger Federer and Maria Sharapova

Ohm Youngmisuk lists his top 10 Open moments. Get it all at . . .

NYDailyNews.com/sports

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ana Ivanovic finally gets pumped up enough to put away 57th-ranked Vera
Dushevina. Howard Simmons/Daily News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 Daily News, L.P.


                              669 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            October 8, 2009 Thursday

It's 1998 all over again for Varitek

BYLINE: Bill Ballou

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 764 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM, Calif.


COLUMN: RED SOX NOTES

ANAHEIM, Calif. - Nobody has hit more playoff home runs and played in more
postseason games for the Red Sox than Jason Varitek, but for the first time
since 1998, Varitek starts a postseason as the backup catcher.

Yesterday, he responded to questions about his diminished role by saying, "I
don't know what is disappointing about being in the postseason. Everybody in
this locker room has contributed."

Scott Hatteberg caught three of the Red Sox's four games in the 1998 Division
Series with the Indians, and Varitek one. Since then, Varitek has been the
starting catcher in 58 of Boston's 64 playoff games.

Opener crucial ... sort of

How important is it for the Red Sox to win the first game of a playoff series?

Boston has played 28 postseason series and is 16-12. The Sox's record in Game 1s
is also 16-12, but they have not won every series in which they've taken the
first game. Boston is 11-5 when it takes the opener of a playoff series.

These Sox not `Idiots'

Kevin Youkilis is one of four current Sox players who were on the 2004 World
Champions. Varitek, David Ortiz and Tim Wakefield are the others.

"You make me sound like Johnny Pesky or something," Youkilis said in a
conversation about his seniority. "There aren't many young guys in here asking
me about 2004."

This year's edition of the Red Sox has a different personality than the '04
team, Youkilis said, adding that he never liked the nickname "Idiots" anyway.

"I never thought that was a great terminology for it," he said. "I don't want to
be called an idiot even though I can be one at times."

The "Idiots" tag was not a media invention, however. Johnny Damon coined the
term after a September game in Tampa Bay, and it stuck.

Baldelli still uncertain

The Red Sox still are hoping that Rocco Baldelli's sore left hip responds to
treatment and he can be on the postseason roster, which must be finalized this
morning.

"He is minimally better," manager Terry Francona said of Baldelli, adding that
Boston could really use his bat and his ability to change a game with one swing.
He especially comes in handy against a team like the Angels, whose closer, Brian
Fuentes, is a lefty.

The Sox will keep in mind the possibility of having Baldelli on the roster if he
might not be available immediately, but could be healthy enough to play later in
the series.

Baldelli, Brian Anderson and Joey Gathright are all here, but only two of those
outfielders will be included on the Division Series roster.

Boston has decided that Manny Delcarmen, who was awful late in the regular
season and who was in a car accident on the final weekend, will not be on this
roster. His bullpen spot will be taken by Paul Byrd, who gives the Sox a long
relief option. Daisuke Matsuzaka is also beginning the series as a reliever, but
will be a fourth starter if Boston needs one.

"One way you can get derailed," Francona said, "is if you have an `accident.'
You'd like to be able to cover every situation. Hopefully, we'll be playing long
enough to get (Delcarmen) back."

Martinez in new digs

Victor Martinez, who hit .336 after coming to Boston from the Indians, is making
his second appearance in the playoffs. He was with Cleveland in 2007 and played
in the Division Series and ALCS, catching six of the seven games against the Red
Sox.

Martinez caught Byrd in Game 4 of that series, a 7-4 Cleveland victory at Jacobs
Field. Even though the Indians were eliminated in seven games in that ALCS,
Martinez had an excellent postseason at the plate, going 14 for 44 (.318) with
two home runs and seven RBIs.

"I didn't know what to expect," he said of the trade that brought him to
Cleveland's 2007 rival, "but I feel like I've been playing here for a couple of
years."

Francona digests playoff

Francona watched the final innings of the Twins-Tigers playoff game after
Tuesday's workout ended.

"That was about as exciting a game as you can imagine," he said, adding that
when he watches a game he's not involved with, he does it as a fan and doesn't
try to be an imaginary manager from his seat in front of the TV.

The Sox manager, who has never claimed to be a gourmet, mentioned yesterday that
he is a huge fan of the West Coast fast-food chain Del Taco, and doesn't miss a
chance to "dine" there when he's out here.

This isn't to say that Francona doesn't like a good sit-down meal with napkins,
silverware and table service. For that kind of thing, he goes to his favorite
restaurant - Cracker Barrel.

NAME: BOSTON RED SOX

ART: PHOTO

CUTLINE: Boston's Dustin Pedroia fields a ball during practice in Anaheim
yesterday.

PHOTOG: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ANAHEIM, Calif. - Nobody has hit more playoff home runs and played in
more postseason games for the Red Sox than Jason Varitek, but for the first time
since 1998, Varitek starts a postseason as the backup catcher. Yesterday, he
responded to questions about his diminished role by saying, "I don't know what
is disappointing about being in the postseason. Everybody in this locker room
has contributed."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Redlands Daily Facts (California)

                            December 6, 2016 Tuesday

Threat of a wildfire has diminished in the IE;
People may resume permitted outdoor burning in the area

BYLINE: Anne Millerbernd; amillerbernd@scng.com @annieanyway on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 233 words

ABSTRACT

no-burn alert

FULL TEXT

With fall in the air and winter approaching, Cal Fire officials say the threat
of a wildfire has diminished enough for people to resume permitted burning in
the Inland area.

The suspensions on burns in Riverside and San Bernardino counties was liftedat 8
a.m. Monday. People with current and valid permits can burn in those areas on
days designated by local air-quality regulators.

The permits apply to agricultural burning, prescribed burns, residential
burning, beach burning and other types of burns. Fire agencies suspend those
permits during peak fire season.

The South Coast Air Quality Management District announced that residential
burning will not be allowedtoday in most ofSan Bernardino, Los Angeles,
Riverside and Orange counties - air quality was expected to be poor, and burning
wood in indoor our outdoor fireplaces could make it worse. The ban doesn't apply
to the desert areas or the mountains above 3,000 feet.

To check whether burning is permitted on a given day, go toaqmd.gov.

Though temperatures have decreased, Cal Fire firefighters wrote in a news
release that it's still important to be mindful of humidity levels and outdoor
behavior.

The Inland area is expected have mostly average weather this week. Some drizzle
was expected Monday night and thismorning, and clouds will linger for the
foreseeable future, according to the National Weather Service.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Pittsburgh Post-Gazette

                            February 19, 2012 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

1 DAY, 1 HIT, 1 LIFE-ALTERING CONCUSSION

BYLINE: DAVE MOLINARI

SECTION: SPORTS; ON THE PENGUINS; Pg. C-4

LENGTH: 786 words


Jason Botterill had been hit hard before, and he had the medical history to
prove it.

And this check, well, it really seemed like nothing special.

"I remember going to the bench thinking, 'I got dinged a little bit,' "
Botterill said. "But I didn't think too much of it."

Not until a few hours later, anyway.

"After the game, I felt something was wrong," Botterill said. "Especially the
next morning, once the adrenaline wore off."

What seemed like a routine hit at the time turned out to be the most significant
one Botterill absorbed in his career, because it was the one that ended that
career.

Botterill, who already had been diagnosed with three concussions after
graduating from the University of Michigan, picked up his fourth in late October
2005 while playing for Buffalo's American Hockey League affiliate in Rochester,
N.Y.

That one, though, was different.

In just about every way.

The previous three times, he had been concussed by big hits. The kind that often
leave the victim dazed and on all fours, or perhaps stumbling toward the bench
like a guy whose blood-alcohol level was approaching the spontaneous-combustion
stage.

And each time, despite the ferocity of the check that injured him, Botterill
rebounded in about a week. Took it easy for a few days, then went back to work.

Not this time.

Oh, he didn't have to spend his days in bed or in a darkened room after No. 4
was diagnosed, but it was evident from the start that his recovery would not be
like any of those he had experienced previously.

"I was very fortunate because, from the standpoint of day-to-day life, I was
fine," Botterill said. "I didn't really have too many issues at all. But
whenever I started to get my heart rate up, my symptoms were room-spins and
[seeing] black spots."

Botterill spent most of that season hoping that he'd be able to resume playing,
but he eventually accepted his doctors' advice to leave the game before he
suffered something even more serious.

Which, they advised him, was a pretty good bet to happen if he didn't retire.

"They pretty much assured me that I would recover from this concussion, which I
feel I did," Botterill said. "But they felt my ability to take a hit had
diminished and my ability to recover from concussions had diminished.

"This one was going to take a little while to recover [from]; the next one
probably wouldn't be a big hit that would cause it and how long it would take me
to recover from that one was a question mark."

So Botterill left the game, but the lingering effects of the game --
specifically, the one that yielded his final concussion -- didn't leave him. Not
immediately, at least.

"Even doing the simplest of chores -- like a couple of years afterward,
shoveling the driveway -- if I got my heart rate up, the symptoms came back," he
said.

He returned to Michigan to pursue an MBA, with the goal of pursuing a career in
commercial banking or corporate finance.

While in Ann Arbor, however, he did some part-time scouting for Dallas, the team
that had invested a first-round draft choice in him in 1994.

That led to a position with NHL Central Registry and, later, a job with the
Penguins, who promoted him to assistant general manager when Chuck Fletcher was
hired as GM in Minnesota in 2009.

The Penguins have, of course, endured a spate of concussions in recent seasons,
and what Botterill went through gives him particular insight into what players
with such injuries are going through.

And to the difficulties they can have explaining their condition to players who
haven't suffered one.

"It's a difficult injury to relate to your teammates with and to your coaching
staff," he said. "A lot of times with concussions, you are fine just walking
around, and around the locker room.

"It's different from, say, your shoulder. I also had a lot of shoulder injuries
in my career. At least with a shoulder injury, the coaches and players ... at
least you can have some quantitative measure to tell them. 'I went up 10 percent
in my weight today in my shoulder exercises. I feel I'm getting stronger.'

"How do you quantify a concussion? 'I feel 5 percent or 10 percent less foggy
today than I did yesterday.' It's difficult."

That mental haze is a distant memory for Botterill now. He's developed into one
of the NHL's most promising young executives, and that might not have been the
case if his playing career hadn't been cut short.

"On one hand, [having to retire early] was an extremely frustrating part of my
life, to have to give up the game of hockey," he said.

"But in retrospect, with the way it turned out, the timing of things, it turned
out to be a great experience, to be able to join this organization, being able
to be part of a Stanley Cup. It's interesting how things turned out."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jason Botterill -- Assistant GM and one-time first-round draft
pick out of Michigan

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              672 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Tribune-Democrat (Johnstown, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 21, 2008 Friday

Blair County judge denies killer's appeal

BYLINE: Kathy Mellott, Tribune-Democrat, Johnstown, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 358 words


Mar. 21--HOLLIDAYSBURG -- A Blair County judge has ruled a Gallitzin man's
ability to form intent was not significantly impaired by drugs and alcohol when
he shot and killed three men outside a private social club in 2005.

In a 30-page decision made available this week, Judge Hiram Carpenter rejected
the appeal by Miguel Padilla, 28, of Convent Street, who through his defense
attorneys claimed the judge deprived him of his only meaningful defense.

Attorneys Donald Speice and Ed Blanarik contended in the appeal filed last year
that Carpenter erred when he instructed the jury that there was no evidence of
diminished capacity through drugs and alcohol Padilla claimed he was using when
he shot the three men.

In his opinion, Carpenter said he told the jury that it could not reduce a
first-degree murder charge to a third-degree charge based on drugs and alcohol
alone.

Padilla, now housed at a state correctional institution in Greene County, was
convicted in September 2006 in the slayings of Alfred Mignogna, owner of the
United Veterans Association club; Frederick Rickabaugh, doorman at the club; and
Stephen Heiss, a state corrections officer in Huntingdon who was a patron.

The jury brought in from Cumberland County recommended Padilla be given the
death penalty, a sentence he received in January 2007.

Padilla, a self-employed contractor, admitted to the shootings, but said he
blacked out and was unable to recall much of what happened that night.

Carpenter pointed out in his opinion that while there was some witness testimony
Padilla was drinking prior to the murder, it did not approach levels of
diminished capacity under state law.

The case now automatically will move to the state Supreme Court for review.

To see more of The Tribune-Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tribune-democrat.com. Copyright (c) 2008, Tribune-Democrat,
Johnstown, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080321-JO-Blair-County-judge-denies-killer-s-appeal-0321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JO


                      Copyright 2008 The Tribune-Democrat


                              673 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             April 13, 2008 Sunday

A clear endgame in Iraq looking farther away

BYLINE: Trudy Rubin

SECTION: A; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 818 words


One moment in Tuesday's Senate Armed Services Committee hearing with Gen. David
Petraeus crystallized the frustration of those who seek a responsible way out of
Iraq.

The last questioner, Sen. Evan Bayh, D-Ind., who isn't running for president,
asked the key question, plaintively and non-confrontationally: "Can't you offer
some rough estimate of when we can start extricating ourselves?"

Petraeus had little solace to offer. "If you believe withdrawal should be
conditions-based," he said, "it is just not responsible" to set a withdrawal
time line. That, he said, would "jeopardize" the security progress of the past
year.

In other words, the commitment is open-ended with no goalpost in sight.

Let me say up front that I have opposed setting a withdrawal time line. I
believe a time line would not force Iraqi factions to compromise. Rather, it
would goad them to gear up for the final, bloody power struggle. Since no
faction could win, this power struggle would further fracture Iraq while Iran
and a reborn AQI (Al-Qaeda in Iraq) rushed to fill the power vacuum.

But the Petraeus formulation offers no promise that maintaining a large troop
presence will enable us to exit. He knows that, despite last year's gains,
Iraq's stability depends on political reconciliation between Iraqi factions.
That may or may not happen - there are no Nelson Mandelas in Iraq.

No wonder Indiana's Republican Sen. Richard Lugar complained to Petraeus:
"Simply appealing for more time is insufficient. Does the administration have a
workable strategy ...?"

Petraeus did have a strategy behind the surge. Additional troops were supposed
to provide the security and breathing space for Iraqis to get their political
act together. The concept worked - up to a point. U.S. support bolstered and
expanded a Sunni tribal rebellion against AQI. The shrinking of the AQI threat -
which had viciously targeted Shiites - diminished support for Shiite revenge
killing of Sunnis. Sectarian casualties diminished. But Iraqis have so far been
unable to fashion the compromises between factions that could solidify gains.

Tens of thousands of Sunni insurgents and tribal forces who turned against AQI
remain on the U.S. payroll because the Shiite-led government won't absorb them
on to the government tab. Radical Shiite militias have been battling the
Shiite-led government in Basra and Baghdad.

Some so-called benchmark laws, aimed at reconciliation, have been passed but not
implemented. Iraqi security forces, five years on, aren't yet capable of
restoring order without strong U.S. backing. That leaves our forces as the
barrier to sectarian killing or intrasectarian slaughter.

Meantime, senior U.S. military commanders are telling Congress that the endless
troop commitment to Iraq is overstressing the forces.

So the question haunting the hearings - the question Petraeus and U.S.
Ambassador to Iraq Ryan Crocker were pressed to answer - was whether staying
longer will improve the situation. Crocker rightly noted that many Iraqis are
sick of militia violence; most Sunni and Shiite political factions came together
last weekend in public support of the government's effort to crack down in Basra
on the forces of the radical cleric Muqtada al-Sadr.

But in the end, neither Petraeus nor Crocker can guarantee that staying will
bring the desired results.

They could only point to clues: the fact that as the violence ebbed last year,
Sunni and Shiite parties began making some alliances across sectarian lines
based on interests. Another sign: Even Sadr seems more interested in winning
strength through provincial elections than trying to battle for the streets.

The case for staying on would be stronger, if the White House wasn't setting
unrealistic goals for the endgame. Sen. John McCain echoed those too-high hopes
by claiming "reachable" success would mean "a peaceful, stable, prosperous
democratic state ..."

A goal that set forth less exalted expectations - a stable Iraq still struggling
to define itself would be sufficient - might address fears that our troop
presence will never end. Also helpful would be a stronger, more visible U.S.
effort to ensure that Iraq's large oil surpluses started paying for development
and basing costs still covered by U.S. taxpayer money - something both
Republicans and Democrats can agree on.

And a crucial, but missing reassurance would be signs that the White House had a
regional strategy to get Iraq's neighbors, including Iran, to work for a stable
Baghdad.

That clarity was beyond what Crocker and Petraeus could promise, and may have to
wait for the next inhabitant of the White House. But bipartisan concerns about
lack of a clear endgame will haunt efforts to maintain U.S. troops in Iraq
indefinitely. That was the message at the hearings on Capitol Hill this week.

Rubin is a columnist and editorial-board member for the Philadelphia Inquirer.
Her e-mail address is trubin@phillynews.com

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              June 17, 2007 Sunday

Dads' day is not spent in church;
Increasingly, men leave religion to the women. Falling barometer

BYLINE: Helen Colwell Adams

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1209  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


There's a family at Rob Sturgill's church.

Mother and children come to worship. Father, not so much.

The reason Sturgill hears is that "Well, he doesn't like crowds."

That's an excuse, Sturgill thinks.

It's also part of a trend: The crowds at church are increasingly female.

Churches have had a gender gap for decades. Now researcher George Barna has
found, in a study published in May, that mothers are far more active in their
faith and practice than fathers.

Earlier research indicated the most important factor in a family's spirituality
is the commitment of the father.

So while dads are opening their gifts on Father's Day today, they might want to
ask themselves whether they took the family to church this morning, or synagogue
on Saturday.

Dr. Bruce McCracken, a Lancaster Bible College professor and founder of House on
the Rock Family Ministries, said the issue might be a cultural one, and another
indication that American men have abdicated their responsibilities to their
families.

Dads are missing across denominational lines in Christianity and in some
branches of Judaism as well.

"Nationally, speaking only about the Reform movement for now, we are deeply
concerned about a diminished presence of men in organized religious life," said
Rabbi Jack Paskoff of Congregation Shaarai Shomayim, a Reform congregation.

"This is especially an issue for a faith that is not 'just' about religion, but
about community and 'peoplehood.' Our kids definitely need to see more role
models of both sexes."

Sturgill is one of the organizers of a ministry, Mighty Men, in southern
Lancaster County that encourages men to "step up."

"Men are getting too wrapped up in their thing," he said. They think, "I want to
get up and go fishing Sunday morning," or "I just want to kick back and read the
paper Sunday morning."

"The bottom line," he said, "is selfishness."

Missing macho men?

For whatever reason, the diminished presence of men in congregations is well
documented.

In 1992, 42 percent of American men attended church regularly. By 1997, that had
dropped to 28 percent.

"In spite of the Christian men's movement of the 1990s," led by Promise Keepers,
"churches have struggled to attract and keep American men," McCracken noted.

Barna's May report adds, "Men may enjoy advantages in physical strength, but
they are much less likely than women to exercise their spiritual muscles. This
gender gap extends to the typical family unit: Mothers outpace fathers in terms
of spiritual activity and commitment."

That survey, available on www.barna.org, "examined 12 different elements of
faith behavior and perspective" and found:

"A majority of mothers said they have been greatly transformed by their faith,
while less than half of fathers had shared this experience."

"Three-quarters of moms said their faith is very important in their life, while
this view was true among just two-thirds of fathers."

"Mothers were also more likely than fathers to be born-again Christians, to say
they are absolutely committed to Christianity and to embrace a personal
responsibility to share their faith in Jesus Christ with others."

"In a typical week, mothers are more likely than are fathers to attend church,
pray, read the Bible, participate in a small group, attend Sunday school and
volunteer some of their time to help a nonprofit organization."

McCracken, whose House on the Rock works to build stronger families, said the
findings are more proof of the importance of fathers.

"We have documentation that father absence affects academic performance,
behavioral performance, moral development, faith development and more,"
McCracken said. "I could make a good argument that involved, hands-on fathers
are the most influential person in the lives of their children - in almost every
area of their lives."

Women aren't necessarily more spiritual than men, he noted. Barna's study
"suggests to me that it is a cultural issue. Men don't 'do' spiritual."

Paskoff had a similar perspective.

"I don't necessarily believe that women are more spiritual," he said, "but I do
believe that they are more likely to get involved in organized synagogue life,
be it through governance or service attendance. I think we too often limit our
understanding of spirituality and measure it by what one does in relation to a
place of worship."

"It's more than just the husband coming to church," Sturgill said. "Most of the
people doing things in church are women."

McCracken traces the problem to the wider issue of fathers who aren't involved
with their children.

Barna's study found four of five mothers interviewed from the "Mosaic"
generation are single parents.

"They are the only spiritual force in the lives of their children," McCracken
said. "Absent men won't make an impact."

In the 2005 book "Why Men Hate Going to Church," author David Murrow contends
that male absence from churches is because Western Christianity has become
"feminized."

Sturgill, a member of Wesley United Methodist Church in Quarryville, admitted
that for many men, "Christianity isn't the most macho thing you can do."

Even Promise Keepers is in decline. "Mighty Men, as small as it is, is the only
men's conference from here to Ohio," Sturgill said.

"Men are getting too sucked into secular and worldly things," he said. "Maybe we
even could say selfishness."

For faith communities, the failure of fathers to be involved in religion is a
danger sign.

Earlier Barna studies showed that if a child begins going to church, just 3.5
percent of families follow the child's lead. If the mother leads the way to
church, 17 percent of families come too.

But when the father is the initiator of attendance, 93 percent of families come
along.

"The most influential power on a family's faith and spirituality is dad,"
McCracken said. With men missing from the pews, "this has contributed to the
plateau and decline of the churches across America."

When fathers aren't active in faith, their children are far less likely to grow
up to be active. A 1994 Swiss study concluded, according to Anglican vicar
Robbie Low, that "if a father does not go to church, no matter how faithful his
wife's devotions, only one child in 50 will become a regular worshipper. If a
father does go regularly, regardless of the practice of the mother, between
two-thirds and three-quarters of their children will become churchgoers."

Sturgill tells fathers, "Men, you need to be leading the kids to church."

"... If I'm a child and I'm growing up and mom's taking me to church and dad's
not going, when I'm 13, I'm going to say, 'Why do I have to go to church? Dad
never goes to church."

"Dads just don't exercise their influence in this arena of life because it is
not culturally acceptable to do so," McCracken argued.

Pastor Steve Cornell of Millersville Bible Church suggested that fathers should
"help your children reach beyond the temporal world by showing them a deeply
committed relationship with the eternal God. ... Our children need solid moral
and spiritual foundations, and your example is immeasurable."

Sturgill said the rewards are worth the sacrifice.

"I have surrendered everything and put Christ in front of everything I do," he
said, "husband, father, and just in being a man. I have been nothing but
blessed.

"It's not about macho or machismo. It's about love."

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                           January 7, 2004 Wednesday

:LETTERS

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 867 words


Soldiers' sacrifices won't be diminished

Letter writer Donald Derryberry's reference to the soldier who maintained the
just purpose of the war in Iraq because he has made a terrible sacrifice for
that purpose reminded me, sadly, of another war and another time when our
veterans had that same reaction.

Many of those veterans eventually faced the terrible fact that, yes, their
sacrifices were made fighting a war we had no business fighting. I can only
imagine the courage it took to face that reality!

When thousands of those vets joined the anti-war protests, we knew that the tide
of sentiment in America had truly turned against the war in Vietnam. (The story
of one of those vets, Ron Kovic, is depicted in the movie "Born on the Fourth of
July," which should be required viewing for all Americans.)

It is important that all of us, including those fighting now in Iraq, understand
that the sacrifices made by our servicemen and women can never be diminished,
even when those sacrifices are made in a war that cannot be justified.

Barbara Corona

East El Paso

Demos out of touch

It's small wonder that Democrats' fortunes have been declining. They have
allowed their ultra-liberal, blame-America-first wing to hijack their party.

As such, many of today's Democrats would rather:

Believe the greatest mass-murderer since Hitler, Stalin, and Mao had nothing to
do with 9/11 and global terrorism than cheer President Bush for removing this
monster from power.

Question President Bush's and America's motives, but not those of Germany and
France, countries which fought to keep Saddam in power (and preserve their
lucrative contracts).

Tax and regulate businesses into oblivion (or move overseas) than provide a tax
break to anyone who actually provides jobs and pays taxes.

Have the poor go without affordable gas and electricity than allow the energy
industry to build new refineries and electric plants.

Have America stay dependent on Saudi oil and continue to send the Saudis
billions than allow American companies to explore and develop our resources and
provide good, high-paying jobs.

Allow the forests to burn than allow loggers to thin the forests.

More and more conservative Democrats are backing President Bush for re-election.
Today's Democratic Party is out of touch with, and has no positive vision for,
most Americans.

Larry DuMond

Northeast El Paso

No income tax, ever

For those who think a state income tax is a good idea or a necessary evil,
please take a microeconomics course, and then rethink your position.

Numerous economists have noted the profoundly negative effects of taxation on
businesses, investment and personal income. The problem is that politicians
never listen to economists, until economic disasters occur, such as in
California.

Please, learn from the mistakes of others.

Should Texas implement an income tax, I know one Texan who will become a
Floridian faster than you can say "change of domicile."

Solving state budget woes is achieved with two words: spending limits. Spend
less than you bring in, and save the rest for a rainy day. This works well for
individuals, but the concept is apparently lost on lawmakers.

Lastly, some may offer the argument "It's for the kids!" referring to taxes for
schools. The answer to public education is not more money that will be
effectively wasted, but better management of the current funds.

P.J. O'Rourke once said that "Giving money to the government is like giving
whisky and car keys to teenage boys."

Perhaps we all can learn from this statement.

Craig Cunningham

Upper Valley

Great experience

For all the complaining that the people of El Paso have made the Times' Opinion
section famous for, I would like to recognize somebody for getting it right.

Recently, I had the opportunity to not only attend this year's highly
anticipated Sun Bowl game as a spectator, but also to participate in it as a
member of the UTEP All-Star Band.

Our practice definitely paid off, as I and almost 150 other high-school
musicians from here in El Paso, New Mexico and even Arkansas got to perform for
the 50,000 spectators who packed the stadium, and the millions of people who
watched it on TV at home. It was truly a once-in-a-lifetime experience.

Kudos go out to the people at UTEP, Sun Bowl staff members and volunteers, CBS
News and especially Dr. Curtis Treadway for continuing to support the musical
arts here in El Paso and for providing me and my fellow bandmates with a New
Year's Eve experience we will not soon forget.

Kirk M. Cooper

East El Paso

Your views

The El Paso Times welcomes letters to the editor. Letters may be edited for
brevity and clarity. Limit letters to 200 words and allow 30 days between
letters. Provide full name, address and daytime phone number, which will not be
published but are needed for verification only. Letters to the editor, opinion
and editorial columns and articles submitted to the Times may be published or
distributed in print, electronic or other forms. Aceptamos cartas en espanol.

Click here to send a letter to the editor

Mailing address: Letters to the editor, El Paso Times, P.O. Box 20, El Paso, TX
79999

Fax letters: 546-6343

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 5, 1999, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Headers face scrutiny in soccer Early studies look at links to diminished brain
function

BYLINE: Peter Brewington

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 892 words


University of Florida women's soccer star Erin Gilhart retired
last month, worried that heading balls was damaging her brain.

Gilhart began suffering blurred vision and memory lapses last
year. When the symptoms returned after a game vs. UCLA, the All-America
defender walked away, ending her career 1 1/2 years early.


"With the symptoms I was having, it was dumb to keep going out
there and heading it," she says. "It was like, man, this is
happening way too much. I couldn't take it. It's just scary."

Gilhart is still practicing with the Gators but not taking headers.
She believes heading caused the problem, although she is not sure.
Her decision, while rare, is a sign of the times in world soccer,
where evidence is growing that head blows could be causing concussions
and diminished mental functioning.

In a two-year study of 57 soccer players ages 11 to 14, David
Janda, an orthopedic surgeon and director of the Institute for
Preventive Sports Medicine in Ann Arbor, Mich., found nearly half
had symptoms of concussion. Those symptoms -- blurred or double
vision, headaches, ear ringing, nausea -- were most common in
kids who headed the ball most often.

In September, The Journal of the American Medical Association
published a report with similar conclusions. Dutch researchers
compared the brain functions of 33 adult amateur soccer players
with 27 middle-distance runners and swimmers. Most of the tests
showed decreased performance in memory and planning among the
soccer players. "In conclusion, participation in amateur soccer
is associated with decreased performance on tests of memory and
planning," the report said.

Janda has called head blows in soccer a "stealth injury" because
there are no broken bones or blood.

He is trying to heighten awareness of the problem, but he recognizes
heading is an integral part of soccer that will never be abolished.
"If you try to abolish heading, you'll inflame and irritate traditionalists,"
Janda says.

It's a hot-button topic. After all, soccer has been characterized
as a nonviolent alternative to football, a parental favorite for
good, clean, wholesome exercise. That image was exemplified by
the U.S. women's national soccer team, which won this summer's
Women's World Cup, further heightening the game's appeal to girls.

A total of 18.2 million Americans played soccer in 1998, including
13.8 million under the age of 18.

Now, soccer parents are hearing frightening teasers on the local
news -- Why soccer is dangerous for your kids! -- and talking
about helmets and protective headbands.

"I read a couple articles about this and thought it was kind
of overkill," Debra Robertson, a team manager for a Louisville
youth team, told The (Louisville) Courier-Journal."We
joke, 'There go a few brain cells,' " says Audrey Estrain, of
Clarksville, Md., the mother of Jaymie, 10, and Brandon, 6. "But
they aren't heading it enough and not at a high impact."

His ability to score off head balls has made Columbus Crew forward
Brian McBride a starting striker on the U.S. national team.

McBride also typifies the risks players face to their heads. He
has a history of head injuries: one concussion, a broken cheekbone,
stitches twice in the head. The concussion kept him from heading
balls in practice before last year's World Cup.

"A lot of dangerous things can happen in soccer, but if I head
it correctly I'll be fine," McBride says. "You've got to watch
out for players' elbows and other heads."

The soccer players in the Dutch study headed the ball an average
of 8.5 times a game. A soccer ball weighing 14 ounces can typically
reach speeds of 50 to 80 mph.

John Powell, a Michigan State kinesiology professor, says more
research is needed to tell whether the act of heading causes concussions.

"It's an oversimplification to say when you go up and head the
ball and the impact is the automatic reason." He cites a study
showing most concussions of high school soccer players occurred
when players collided or fell while heading.

He says studies show only 4% of soccer injuries are concussions.
"The incidence is low," he says, especially compared to football.

Soccer officials don't feel the world's most popular game should
be characterized as one prolonged assault on the brain. "We need
a real study that would start at (age) 16 and follow the careers
of 50 male and 50 female soccer players and 50 runners and 50
swimmers," says Hughie O'Malley, medical administrator for the
U.S. Soccer Federation. "We need to do comparisons that would
give more real answers."

As for solutions, Janda has some. He says awareness is paramount.
Coaches should pull kids at any indication of ear ringing, nausea
or headaches. And heading should be minimized in practice, where
it most often occurs.

Another important step is to reduce the weight of the ball in
drills, especially for kids. He likes a beach ball. As for headgear,
Janda says none has been shown to reduce the force to a significant
degree.

The most drastic move is to quit heading or be driven to the extreme
and quit the game -- as with Erin Gilhart.

"I think a lot of people in my family are relieved," says Gilhart,
who is playing tennis and swimming to fill her workout void.

LOAD-DATE: November 05, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jay Laprete, AP; PHOTO, B/W, Alan Campbell, University of
Florida; Double whammy: Brian McBride, left, is known for scoring off head
balls. Along the way, he has suffered a concussion, a broken cheekbone and
stitches to his head. Retired: Memory lapses, blurred vision scared Erin
Gilhart.

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              677 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 13, 2003 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Heisman Suffers Weight Loss

BYLINE: Michael Wilbon

SECTION: Sports; D01 , MICHAEL WILBON

LENGTH: 904 words


Remember when the Heisman Trophy was huge? Remember when it was the biggest
thing college football had to offer in December? Remember when the award
reflected not only a consensus on the best player in college football, but also
suggested that player would be pretty good in the NFL, too? The Heisman was the
Academy Award of college sports, the greatest stamp of approval in all of
sports.

Now . . . the Heisman is, well, okay. Everybody would like to have one, but it's
not the end of the world, is it? Are you going to plan your evening around
tonight's Heisman Trophy ceremony? The best skill-position player in college
football may still win it, whether we're talking about Oklahoma quarterback
Jason White, Pittsburgh receiver Larry Fitzgerald, Michigan running back Chris
Perry, or Mississippi quarterback Eli Manning. But does it mean anything
anymore? Do teenagers know that the Heisman is traditionally more important than
all those awards they saw handed out during the Thursday night show?

"A little bit of the glow has been lost," Doug Shabelman, senior vice president
of Burns Sports Celebrities, said last night in a conversation about the
commercial perception of the Heisman Trophy to corporate sponsors and the player
who wins one. "Though it is clearly a college award, it seems to have been
diminished by the fact that quite a few players have not had anywhere near the
same level of success at the pro level."

True, the Heisman is a victim of its own excessive hype, that it is probably
being hurt by what Shabelman calls "this proliferation of awards." In this age
of information bombardment, people have to now differentiate the Heisman from
the Davey O'Brien Award, the National Quarterback Award, the Biletnikoff Award,
the Butkus Award, the Maxwell Award. It's like asking a 15-year-old, who has
always had 100 channels, to draw the distinction between network and cable.

Legit as all that may be, the Heisman's biggest problem is just what Shabelman
identified: lack of the performance at the pro level. Already I hear people
screaming (led by Kornheiser, who loves the Heisman), "It's a college award."
That's true. I had a Heisman vote for probably more than a dozen years, and I
never voted based on NFL projections. But the reality is, the aura the award
maintained for so long may be diminished by the professional failings of its
winners.

Here's why.

Starting in 1974, these are the players who won the Heisman, consecutively,
right up through 1988: Ohio State's Archie Griffin (twice), Tony Dorsett, Earl
Campbell, Billy Sims, Charles White, George Rogers, Marcus Allen, Herschel
Walker, Mike Rozier, Doug Flutie, Bo Jackson, Vinny Testaverde, Tim Brown, Barry
Sanders. Rozier was probably the pro of least consequence in that list.

You might think Griffin wasn't much, but he played in the NFL for seven years.
Okay, White never dominated the game as he did running "student body right" at
Southern Cal in the late '70s, but in 1987 he did rush for 1,374 yards and 11
touchdowns. Most NFL backs would still love that season. Rogers scored 18
touchdowns in a season once. Sims's career was cut short by injury, but in five
seasons he scored 47 touchdowns. Or for you fantasy football freaks, Sims was
the No. 1 guy in 1980 and 1981. You've got Hall of Famers in Dorsett, Campbell,
Allen, perhaps Walker and soon enough, Brown and Sanders. Testaverde is in his
17th year playing quarterback. And Bo Jackson was one of the greatest athletes
of the 20th century.

Look, the Heisman is littered with great names and players, all the way back to
Tom Harmon in 1940, Doc Blanchard and Glenn Davis in 1945 and 1946,
respectively, Alan Ameche in 1954, Paul Hornung in 1956, Roger Staubach in 1963
and O.J. Simpson in 1968. They gave the Heisman its glamour and therefore its
commercial appeal.

But that group from '74 to '88 cemented the Heisman's popularity and its
legitimacy as the number one indicator of football stardom. It was an accurate
forecaster, whether intended or not, of whether a kid had it and was going to
demonstrate it in the pros. Sponsors knew exactly what they were getting, and
stardom was the rule, not the exception.

So what happened?

Here's what happened beginning in 1989: Andre Ware, Ty Detmer, Desmond Howard,
Gino Torretta, Charlie Ward, Rashaan Salaam, Eddie George, Danny Wuerffel,
Charles Woodson, Ricky Williams, Ron Dayne, Chris Weinke, Eric Crouch, Carson
Palmer. Forget about stars, there are only three starters (George, Woodson and
Williams) of the last 14 Heisman winners. None is a lock for the Pro Football
Hall of Fame.

Howard was a Super Bowl MVP, which puts him in a pretty exclusive club. But he
made his way in the NFL on special teams, not being an every-down starter.

Of the last four (Dayne, Weinke, Crouch and Palmer), none has played a single
down in the NFL this season.

Oklahoma's White certainly had the kind of stats (40 touchdown passes, eight
interceptions for the No. 3 team in the nation) that make him Heisman worthy,
though there's nothing yet that suggests he's a star. If I still voted, I'd put
Fitzgerald No. 1 on my ballot, White No. 2 and Peyton's little brother Eli
Manning No. 3. Whether the winner (Fitzgerald or White, and you can take that to
the bank) is a future star or at least a bankable pro is another matter. For
years and years, winning the Heisman told us he would be. Lately, it tells us
just the opposite.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              678 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     February 24, 2003 Monday Home Edition

Charities benefit from insurance windfall

BYLINE: SAEED AHMED

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 788 words


Call it the fender-bender fund.

A landmark high court ruling that ordered auto insurers to compensate motorists
involved in collisions not just for vehicle repairs but also for the diminished
value of their cars is reaping a windfall for several Georgia charities.

After insurance companies settled several class-action lawsuits following the
court decision in November 2001, thousands of Georgians either did not claim the
money owed to them or could not be located.

The money is now being donated for such things as the conservation of the
Chattahoochee River or to endow a chair for the only heart transplant program
for kids in metro Atlanta.

And that's from one settlement alone --- some $6 million left over from a suit
against insurance giant State Farm.

Another $1 million from a settlement by GEICO is benefiting the state's Boys and
Girls Clubs and the Make-a-Wish Foundation.

Eligible members of similar class action suits against 21 other insurance
providers are still collecting money from settlements.

Lawyers who filed the suits say they believe that in coming years, unclaimed
money available to charities from these sources will exceed $20 million.

Plaintiffs' attorney Neal Pope of Columbus said every effort is made to contact
people eligible to receive settlement money.

"But that's not always possible because some don't cash their checks and some
can't be found," he said. "Under the circumstances, this is the best thing to do
with the money."

Recipients said the donations came as a surprise. Some jokingly call it
"accidental" philanthropy. Others can't remember a more unusual source for their
group's funding.

Becky Rumer's organization, Columbus for Kids, received $350,000 to help create
a temporary home for abused and neglected children.

The payout began last November --- a year after the Supreme Court ruled in the
State Farm case.

Pope said lawyers spent most of the year searching for the 700,000 motorists who
were part of the class-action case. In the end, about 7 percent --- or 49,000
--- could not be found. The $6 million that went to charity was the money they
would have collected.

In the lawsuit, policyholders contended that wrecked cars are worth less no
matter how well they are repaired --- a concept known as "diminished value" ---
and that State Farm should pay the difference.

The court agreed, pushing the Illinois-based company to settle. State Farm,
which writes at least one out of every five auto policies in the state, agreed
to pay $100 million in reimbursements to policyholders who had filed claims
since Dec. 22, 1993.

Policyholders received a minimum of $25 each and as much as several thousand
dollars, depending on the amount of their original claim.

State Farm also agreed to pay diminished value, where warranted, in all future
claims in Georgia, a payout that is expected to reach another $100 million
during the five years.

More than a dozen attorneys who worked on the case also received $50 million as
compensation.

Soon after, Pope and others filed similar class-action lawsuits against 22 other
companies, including Progressive, MetLife and Allstate. Together, the lawsuits
affect about 70 percent of Georgia's drivers.

Because it cost State Farm several million dollars to determine the payments,
Pope said, the other insurance companies that settled agreed to hand out equal
amounts to those eligible in the suits --- about $160 each.

"By the time we're finished with this case, almost $1 billion will go to
Georgians as part of the settlement," Pope said.

The idea to have the unclaimed money go to charity is rare but not unheard of,
said Emory University law professor Richard Freer.

"Some say the excess money should go back to the defendant," he said. "Others
says that since the company agreed to pay the money to avoid going to litigation
and risk having their head handed to them, it's not theirs to have anymore."

John Chandler, an attorney representing one of the insurance firms, said lawyers
from both sides nominated charities to the judge overseeing the cases for
approval.

The settlement awarded Emory University's School of Medicine $1 million to endow
a chair in pediatric heart surgery. Dr. Kirk Kanter, a surgery professor, said
the money will not only help the school retain surgeons who perform the
operations at the Children's Healthcare of Atlanta at Egleston --- the metro
area's only hospital to do so --- but also help it conduct research.

"More than 10 years ago, Neal Pope received a heart transplant at Emory and I
happened to have done it," Kanter said.

--- Staff writer Bill Rankin contributed to the article.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 2003 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              679 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           August 22, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Going for that finishing touch

BYLINE: Jorge L. Ortiz, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 597 words


In the unlikely event that Stephen Drew returns to his 2008 form in the final
six weeks of this season, the Oakland Athletics will have acquired a top-notch
shortstop who can energize their flawed lineup with his extra-base-hit ability
-- and for the price of a middling prospect.

If not, he's still better than what Oakland had at the position.

By obtaining Drew from the Arizona Diamondbacks in a swap completed late Monday,
the A's hope they have bolstered their chances in a surprising chase for a
playoff spot after failing to make any moves before the July 31 non-waiver trade
deadline.

Other teams are seeking similar boosts, be it by calling up top minor leaguers,
trading for players who have cleared waivers -- as was the case with Drew, who
was batting .193 in 40 games with the Diamondbacks -- or claiming players on
waivers.

The Texas Rangers already have summoned corner infielder Mike Olt and are
considering promoting 19-year-old infielder Jurickson Profar. The Los Angeles
Dodgers on Tuesday reinstated hard-throwing right-hander Rubby De La Rosa, who
missed a year after having Tommy John elbow surgery. The San Francisco Giants
are looking for an outfielder to fill the void left by suspended Melky Cabrera.

In the case of the A's, they're searching for more production from a middle of
the infield that, until Tuesday, included .198-hitting Cliff Pennington as the
regular shortstop and Jemile Weeks as the second baseman. Weeks, who was batting
.220 and had the second-lowest slugging percentage in the American League at
.302, was optioned to Class AAA Sacramento.

Drew, coming back from a gruesome ankle injury that sidelined him from July 21,
2011, until June 27, had not been much more productive offensively but has a
better track record.

Drew enjoyed a breakout season in 2008, batting .291 with 44 doubles, 11
triples, 21 homers and 67 RBI while playing in Arizona for Bob Melvin, who is
now the A's manager.

"I've seen this guy be an all-around player in that he can defend, he swings the
bat well, he drives the ball, he knocks in runs, he's a guy you can move around
in the lineup," Melvin said. "In talking to him late last night, he really felt
he's starting to swing the bat well and has hit into some tough luck recently."

Drew, 29, put together four consecutive years of at least 12 home runs and 60
RBI before his season-ending ankle break.

Earlier this season, Diamondbacks owner Ken Kendrick expressed frustration with
how long it was taking Drew to return to the lineup. Drew's diminished
production once he got back, along with his status as an impending free agent,
prompted Arizona to make him available. In exchange, the Diamondbacks got
infielder Sean Jamieson, who was batting .234 at Class A Burlington.

The A's pursued Drew at the deadline but deemed the cost  too high. His value
diminished with his  average, and the rest of the season presents a chance for
Drew to re-establish his worth.

"I'm looking forward to being a part of it," Drew said of the A's. "It's the
same thing with Arizona last year. Nobody thought they were going to be there,
and we pulled it out."

For the A's to earn a playoff bid, they'll probably have to retain the fighting
spirit that has resulted in a major league-high 13 walk-off wins. Their
chemistry has been tested by the Aug.3 trade that sent catcher Kurt Suzuki to
the Washington Nationals, and now by the acquisition of Drew and the demotion of
Weeks.

"You could bring in the worst bad apple in the big leagues, and it's not going
to mess up this clubhouse," veteran Brandon Inge said. "He's going to love it
here."

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    January 10, 2002 Thursday, Home Edition

METRO ONLINE

BYLINE: CHERYL SEGAL

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: Metro News; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 377 words


Seeking diminished value

State Farm has posted a Web site to help past and present policyholders make
claims under a recently announced lawsuit settlement regarding diminished value.
The state's largest insurer announced the settlement last week, along with
attorneys for three Columbus-area policyholders who filed suit saying they were
owed reimbursement for the lost value of their repaired cars. The settlement
affects about 700,000 first-party claims, which are those filed by a vehicle
owner against his own insurance carrier. At the Web site, policyholders can read
the lawsuit, State Farm's answer and the settlement disclosure. Details about
who is eligible and answers to frequently asked questions are available, as
well. www.georgia17c.com --- Duane Stanford

Domesticating benefits

Although the East Point City Council decided not to add domestic partnership
benefits last month, the issue isn't dead. It continues to be a controversial
topic. Some elected officials suggest more discussions and even a referendum for
the community to decide. To find out why employers are offering the benefits, go
to the Human Rights Campaign Web site. The site also lists the 124 local
governments, eight state governments, 158 colleges and universities, 3,954
private companies, nonprofits and unions and 155 Fortune 500 companies that
offer domestic partner benefits. Find out more: www.hrc.org/worknet/dp/index.asp
-- Charles Yoo

Another high school

The Catholic Archdiocese of Atlanta operates three high schools, Blessed Trinity
in Roswell; Our Lady of Mercy in Fayette County and St. Pius X in Atlanta. As
the number of Catholics in northeast Georgia has grown, fueled in part by the
booming numbers of Hispanics moving to the area, so has the demand for Catholic
education, said Stephen Holton, a management consultant with ISC whose clients
include the Atlanta Archdiocese. After years of meetings and discussion, a group
of parents and supporters in Athens has secured the blessing of the Archdiocese
needed to start building support for a new Catholic high school. Organizers
expect it to draw students from Commerce and Gainesville, as well as Athens and
surrounding counties. www.archatl.com/default.htm --- Rebecca McCarthy

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2002 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              681 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               December 12, 2000, Tuesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

MIDWEST'S FIRST MAJOR WINTER STORM GRAZES ST. LOUIS;
AREA ESCAPES HEAVY SNOW, BUT FIERCE WIND, BITTER COLD CONNECT WITH A PUNISHING;
BLOW

BYLINE: Tim O'Neil; Of The Post-Dispatch; Heather Ratcliffe Of The Post-Dispatch
Contributed Some Information.MIDWEST STORM; ARCTIC FRONT; TEMPERATURE DROP;
WINTER STORM WIND DAMAGE; POWER OUTAGE; WEATHER FORECAST

SECTION: METRO, Pg. D1

LENGTH: 528 words


The big snow went north. All but a pinch of the sleet stayed west. The cold wind
rushed right in, flash-freezing the damp roadways and stinging noses and ears.

The St. Louis area caught the south flank of the Midwest's first major winter
storm early Monday afternoon. It arrived too late to make serious mischief of
the departing rain, but the windy cold wave arrived with enough force to keep
things nippy for several days.

The frigid wind Monday afternoon gusted to 36 mph at Lambert Field. The
wind-chill calculation dropped to a numbing minus 20 degrees.

Forecasts called for a high temperature today in the teens and an easing of the
wind. There is a chance of light snow late tonight and Wednesday, and little
prospect for a decent thaw until the weekend.

The St. Louis area avoided the worst of Monday's storm. Heavy snowfall from
Nebraska eastward to Chicago diminished as it reached down into northern
Missouri. Freezing rain caused mayhem Monday on the streets and highways of
southwestern Missouri, but the glaze faded as the storm moved eastward.

In St. Louis, periodic rainshowers diminished to mist as the cold air moved in.

And it did so in a hurry. The temperature at Lambert Field fell from 36 degrees
at noon to 16 at 4 p.m. Monday. At midmorning, when the temperature in St. Louis
was 39 degrees, it already was only 5 in Kansas City, 9 in Kirksville, 15 in
Joplin and 22 in Jefferson City.

Road crews on both sides of the Mississippi River began dispensing salt on
bridges and roads during the early afternoon as rain gave way to cold, which
froze bridges and some streets.

The day of St. Louis Streets Commissioner James Suelmann was typical for his
line of work. He said crews assembled at 3:30 a.m. Monday in anticipation of
snow and sleet. Forecasts Sunday had put the St. Louis area on the edge of a
gathering snowstorm.

When the morning rush was met only by rain, crews took a break. Suelmann said
they began salting at 2 p.m. as the wind blew in.

At Lambert Field, crews kept open all taxiways and runways, and the flights that
hadn't been canceled elsewhere generally moved on time, an airport spokesman
said.

Area police departments reported numerous accidents, most of them minor.

AmerenUE reported isolated losses of electric power caused by wires snapping in
the wind. A spokesman said about 1,400 customers, all widely scattered
throughout the St. Louis area including parts of Clayton, lost power Monday
afternoon.

In Edwardsville, about 6,000 customers of Illinois Power Co. lost electricity
before dawn Monday. The Edwardsville School District already had canceled the
day's classes before power was restored at 8 a.m.

Later Monday, power was lost again to about 3,500 customers in Edwardsville and
Glen Carbon. Another 2,600 customers in the Dupo area lost electricity for about
an hour after a substation failed at 2:20 a.m. Monday.

===

THREE-DAY FORECAST

TODAY

A few clouds, cold.

High: 17 degrees

WEDNESDAY

Increasing clouds.

Low: 10 degrees High: 25 degrees

THURSDAY

A chance for snow.

Low: 20 degrees High: 30 degrees

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: To reach reporter Tim O'Neil: E-mail: toneil@post-dispatch.com   Phone:
314-340-8132

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, GRAPHIC (1) Color Graphic/Illustration - (Weather illustrations)

 (2) Color Photo by LAURIE SKRIVAN /POST-DISPATCH - Mike Webb of Collinsville,
an employee of Colliers Turley Martin Tucker, sprinkles salt Monday outside the
Firstar Financial Services building at Seventh Street and Washington Avenue
downtown. "I'd say it's cold out here," Webb said.
 (3) Color Photo by ANDREW CUTRARO /POST-DISPATCH - A homeless man examines
shoestrings Monday as he searches for a pair of boots at the New Life
Evangelistic Center at 1411 Locust Street downtown. The man asked that his name
not be used. The center says it is in need of sweaters, coats, boots and
blankets to give to the poor.
 (4) Color Photo by DAVID CARSON /POST-DISPATCH - Susan Meneau, a teacher at
Wentzville Middle School, scrapes ice off her car windshield Monday afternoon.
Rain started changing over to sleet and snow about noon. Classes were dismissed
an hour early because of the storm.
 (5) Color Photo by DAVID CARSON /POST-DISPATCH - Steve Bolte of O'Fallon, Mo.,
makes his way through snow and high wind Monday afternoon along West Pearse
Street in Wentzville. He was going to pick up his car, which was being repaired.
Forecasts called for a high temperature today in the teens and an easing of the
wind. There is a chance of light snow late tonight and Wednesday.

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              682 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          February 28, 2001 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

BASEBALL;
Thomas Tells White Sox He's Sorry

BYLINE:  By MURRAY CHASS

SECTION: Section D; Column 2; Sports Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 835 words

DATELINE: TUCSON, Ariz., Feb. 27


Eager to shed his new national image as "a poster boy of greed" as quickly as he
earned it, Frank Thomas apologized profusely today for his public stance that
painted him as a wealthy player complaining about not making enough money.

After missing the first six days of full-squad workouts, Thomas arrived at the
Chicago White Sox camp here before 8 a.m. today. He worked out, then held an
outdoors news conference at which he declared that he had made no contract
demands and apologized to "all baseball fans of America and sports fans" as well
as White Sox fans and his teammates for creating "a big distraction."

"I did ask for structural changes in my contract to help clear up certain
clauses that seemed very unfair to me," he said.

By staying away from the White Sox camp and giving the impression that he wanted
more money, Thomas became linked with Gary Sheffield of the Los Angeles Dodgers,
who asked to be traded because the Dodgers would not give him more money in
light of the expensive contracts signed this off-season, led by $252 million for
Alex Rodriguez.

Thomas remained somewhat vague about the structural changes he sought, but they
appeared to deal with $23 million that is scheduled to be deferred from his
$9,927,000 salary in each of the next six years and a clause that enables the
White Sox to change his salary if they feel his skills have diminished.

Thomas, who said he regretted that his contract issues became public, said he
never intended to stage a lengthy holdout and had planned all along to arrive
today, which was the mandatory reporting date under the labor agreement.

But he added that before beginning spring training, he needed to meet with Jerry
Reinsdorf, the White Sox chairman, which he did on Monday.

"I do look like a poster boy of greed, but that is not the case," Thomas said.
"I've never been greedy. I've had a couple opportunities to be the highest-paid
player in this game. I didn't want to be there. I deferred a lot of this money
to help this team sign other players."

In each of the next six years, the White Sox will defer $3,827,000 from their
star's salary. They are scheduled to pay out that money beginning in July 2007,
the year after the contract expires, and continue payments through 2021.

"I don't know if I want to wait till I'm 52 or 54 to receive it," the
32-year-old designated hitter said. "Who knows if I'll be here when I'm 52, 54.
I've earned the money and it's mine.

"The way I get it I think should be up to me. I'm not asking for more money;
it's my money. If I want to bring some of it up to me in existing years, that's
up to me."

Well, not if the contract provides something else, which it does. But he and
Reinsdorf apparently are going to talk further about the contract.

"He has made no changes; he didn't promise he's going to make any changes,"
Thomas said of the owner. "He said we're going to work on it. He's a man of his
word. He knows what he has here with me."

Thomas also talked about the revised-payment provision that would allow the
White Sox to change his salary to $250,000 a year plus $10,125,000 deferred if
they believe his skills have diminished and he has won none of the stipulated
awards that would keep his existing salary intact.

"I haven't discussed the deferred money," Thomas said, clouding the issue. "The
clause right now is what's important." In other words, he seemed to be saying,
he wanted Reinsdorf to agree not to invoke the revised-payment provision. Asked
if he would like to have the provision eliminated, he said: "Of course. But who
knows?"

Thomas said he felt the problems would have been resolved earlier if his agent,
Robert Fraley, had not been killed in a plane crash about a year and a half ago.

"I just felt a player that's done what I've done, established a career like I
have, certain clauses seemed unfair to me," he said.

Reinsdorf issued a five-paragraph statement about Thomas and their meeting, but
it said nothing about the player's contract concerns.

"Frank has never made demands of me in terms of his contract," Reinsdorf said,
"and he again expressed his willingness to honor his current contract."

This is the second successive year Thomas has begun spring training with a
controversy. A year ago he engaged in a heated on-field dispute with Manager
Jerry Manuel that the two subsequently settled privately, but noisily, in
Manuel's office.

"This type of thing happened last year," Thomas said. "It motivated me to have
my best season ever. Hopefully, this is the case again because we fell a little
short last year."

After two substandard seasons, Thomas last year batted .328 and gained career
highs with 43 home runs and 143 runs batted in. He will not have to worry about
a contractual change in his salary if he continues that kind of hitting. He will
have to worry, though, about fan reaction in Chicago.

"Nothing good is going to come out of this," he said. "It's a black eye. But
I've never been greedy and I would never be greedy. Money's not an issue, never
been an issue."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Frank Thomas was at the White Sox training camp yesterday. He
apologized for creating a distraction. (Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              683 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           August 14, 2013 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Setting course to concession-ville;
Airlines may need to give in to move on with merger

BYLINE: Charisse Jones, @charissejones, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1181 words


The Department of Justice lawsuit that is threatening to derail plans for US
Airways and American to merge has shocked industry watchers who have watched
other megamergers get cleared for takeoff without a hitch.

Industry experts said Tuesday that the merger -- which would create the world's
largest airline -- could still ultimately come to pass, but likely not without
American and US Airways having to make significant concessions on routes,
takeoff and landing slots at some airports and perhaps even the executives they
choose to run the new, combined carrier.

"The Department of Justice is going to want to extract far more than they really
have any right to expect," says Henry Harteveldt, a travel analyst with Hudson
Crossing, "and that's not only going to be slots and gates at certain airports,
but they may try to dictate who should not lead the company."

The Department of Justice, along with the attorneys general for six states and
the District of Columbia, filed suit Tuesday to block the pending deal citing
concerns that diminished competition would force fliers to pay higher airfares
and fees.

The ability to possibly get the airlines to give up more than they otherwise
would have may have been part of the reason for the Justice Department voicing
its objections so late in the process, some said. American, which has been under
bankruptcy protection since November 2011, was to have the bankruptcy court
review its restructuring plan this week, and hoped to merge with US Airways by
the fall.

"This is where they can apply the greatest pressure," says Anthony Sabino, a
business law professor at St. John's University. "So there's a certain tactical
reason that might be behind this."

Still, he says, ultimately the deal "will not be derailed. It will be delayed."

Others aren't so sure. The last time a merger was squashed occurred in 2001,
when the Bush administration said it wouldn't OK a union between US Airways and
United because of concerns about diminished competition. Since then,
consolidation has transformed the industry, with pair after pair of airlines
getting the OK to join forces. In just the last five years, Delta linked with
Northwest, United with Continental and most recently low-cost carriers Southwest
and AirTran decided to become one.

As it now stands, more than 70% of U.S. market share is in the hands of four
airlines, and that would grow to roughly 85% if US Airways and American combine,
a fact that may have also led to the proposed merger receiving more scrutiny,
says William Swelbar, a research engineer at MIT's International Center for Air
Transportation.

"We know from prior mergers that elimination of head-to-head competition on
non-stop routes results in substantial price increases for consumers," Assistant
Attorney General Bill Baer said in prepared remarks.

"I just keep coming back to the idea that the (Department of Justice) looked in
the mirror and said that this deal would result in too much market share in the
hands of a few," Swelbar says.

US Airways and American, like other carriers wishing to merge before them, have
insisted that they will not shed hubs if they become one airline, and service
will only be enhanced as they blend their networks. But the state attorneys
general who joined with Justice include Texas and Pennsylvania, which are home
to hubs for each carrier.

"Any network restructuring ... you'll reduce some costs, and invariably that
probably means a hub or two or three may be downsized," says Daniel Friedenzohn,
assistant professor, Aeronautical Science at Embry-Riddle Aeronautical
University's Daytona Beach, Fla., campus. "For some of these states that's job
loss. I think American and US Airways will have to make an aggressive push to
show some of the benefits of these mergers."

A fighting spirit

US Airways and American have promised to fight the lawsuit in court, a process
that they say will likely take several months. Many think they'll prevail, but
say it's less of a certainty given the Justice Department's surprising mood.

"US Airways and (American Airlines) will be able to mount a strong case based on
prior mergers in the industry," Swelbar says. "That said, I am less convinced
today that a merger will happen based on what appears to be a changed mind-set
toward further consolidation in the US airline industry" at  Justice.

The era of megamergers in the airline industry was coming to an end with the
tie-up of American and US Airways, and will also come to a close if the deal
doesn't happen. But mergers on a smaller scale, involving smaller airlines,
could still continue.

"If the Department of Justice squashes this merger, it doesn't mean that other
mergers won't take place; it just means they won't be able to take place among
the four largest airlines," Harteveldt says.

On their own, American and US Airways could survive, as officials at both
carriers have previously said. But they might have a harder course to travel
without the benefit of the other.

"I think their life will be harder if they don't merge because they're competing
against two other airlines that have a significant competitive advantage," says
Robert Mittelstaedt, dean emeritus of Arizona State University's W.P. Carey
School of Business, who closely follows the airline industry.

List

Why the merger is in trouble

The Justice Department sued to block the proposed US Airways-American Airlines
merger by arguing the deal would reduce competition and raise fares and fees for
travelers.

Higher fares for

connecting flights

US Airways Advantage Fares for connecting flights beat the

competition on some routes, Justice says. If there is a merger, those fares
could

disappear, Justice contends.

For example, for a Miami to

Cincinnati round-trip flight, leaving

Aug. 13 and returning Aug. 14:

American Airlines (non-stop)  $740

US Airways (1-stop)  $471

American Airlines (1-stop)  $751

Multiple airlines (1-stop)  $686

United Airlines (1-stop)  $762

Delta Air Lines (1-stop)  $762

Reduced competition on more than 1,000 routes

The merged airline would significantly reduce competition on more than 1,000
routes where they now compete with one-stop flights, Justice says. Among the
examples it cites are:

Charlotte to Dallas

Dallas to Philadelphia

Fresno to Tampa

Dallas to Phoenix

Miami to Santa Barbara, Calif.

Austin to Riverside, Calif.

Charleston, W.Va. to

New York City

Chicago to Charlottesville, Va.

El Paso to Honolulu

Columbus, Ohio, to Fresno

Less competition

at Reagan Washington National Airport

US Airways now has 55% of the slots, and American Airlines now has 14% of the
slots. The combined airline would have 69% of the slots and 63% of the non-stop
routes.

Higher fees

The Justice Department says a merged airline would have an easier time raising
fees for services such as checked baggage and flight changes. A December 2012
discussion between US Airways executives included the observation that after the
merger, "even as the world's largest airline, we'd want to consider raising some
of the baggage fees a few dollars in some leisure markets," according to the DOJ
lawsuit.

Source U.S. Department of Justice lawsuit

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo LM Otero, AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                            November 13, 2005 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

Alstott accepts his role;
The wildly popular fullback is willing to play a diminished role for the good of
the team.

BYLINE: By TOM BALOG tom.balog@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 750 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


If Mike Alstott was Keyshawn Johnson, the Buccaneers' easy-going Pro Bowl
fullback would have created a furor over his diminished role in the Tampa Bay
offense.

Whenever Alstott has touched the ball lately, good things have happened to the
Buccaneers, who have had little else to hang their hat on offensively.

One of the most popular players in team history is playing out his final season
in relative obscurity as head coach Jon Gruden continues to make it obvious that
Alstott is being phased out of the team's plans altogether.

Alstott has carried the ball only 11 times in eight games and caught 13 passes,
for an average of three touches per game. Three is exactly the number of times
Alstott has handled the ball in last Sunday's 34-14 home loss to the Carolina
Panthers, when he scored one of the Bucs' two touchdowns.

Last year, Alstott carried the ball 67 times and caught 29 passes, while missing
a few games with a knee injury.

Asked if he's happy with his role, Alstott offered an answer that diplomatically
suggests, "No."

"I've accepted my role and take pride in my role," Alstott said, knowing he has
no choice. "If it's blocking, if it's catching, if it's carrying the ball. I
don't call the plays, I don't call the shots. But I'm on this team to win a
championship with the other 53 guys.

"Don't get me wrong, I would love to get the ball 30 times a game. It's just my
competitive nature," Alstott said. "But I'm a team guy, also."

Gruden gets defensive whenever it is suggested that Alstott just might be a
solution to improving a stagnating running game that has hit a wall since rookie
Cadillac Williams stalled out last month with a foot injury.

Tampa Bay has rushed for 87 yards in the past two games, a 2.2-yard average per
carry, in two Buccaneers' losses.

Gruden continued to harp on Williams' sensational start, when he rushed for 434
yards on in his first three NFL games, setting a league record with three
straight 100-yard rushing efforts after which the Pro Football Hall of Fame in
Canton, Ohio, put Williams' shoes and gloves on exhibit.

"We've got a guy who was enshrined in the Hall of Fame after three games, for
crying out loud," Gruden said, suggesting why would he prefer Alstott over
Williams. "We'd like to get him (Williams) going again. But Alstott has been a
big part of our football team and his role might be changing, who knows?"

Alstott refuses to make any waves, knowing where he stands with Gruden and that
nothing he says will matter anyway, just like it didn't with Johnson, the
outspoken wide receiver who was traded to Dallas after the 2003 season.

The loudest ovations of the Panthers game came when Alstott bowled over two
Carolina tacklers on the way to his 12-yard gain on a reception in the flat that
netted a first down. TFans erupted again on his fourth quarter, 1-yard touchdown
run.

But Gruden made clear he is not going to give Alstott the ball just because
there is an uproar in the community and in the stands at Raymond James Stadium
in support of Alstott.

"I respect our fans and there's a chance he might get the ball a little bit,"
Gruden said. "We'll see. We want to get the running game going, whoever carries
it, OK? He might carry 50 times, he might not. I just want to win some games. I
don't care who runs the ball. If we don't start blocking better, it's not going
to be a relative issue."

The 10-year veteran has scored 63 touchdowns, (51 rushing), ranking first in
franchise history in both categories. He missed 14 games over the past two years
with a serious neck injury in 2003 and a knee injury in 2004.

Notebook

* WR Michael Clayton, who missed all three days of practice this week with a
bone bruise on his knee, likely will not play although he is still listed as
questionable.

* Port Charlotte graduate John Hall, the Redskins' kicker, has recovered from a
quad injury to return to his regular role. Hall has made all four of his
field-goal attempts this season, including a 24-yarder last week against
Philadelphia.

* Redskins head coach Joe Gibbs was the defensive line coach at Florida State in
the early 1960s when Joe Kinnan, the Manatee High coach, played for the
Seminoles. Kinnan was later a graduate assistant under Gibbs at the University
of Arkansas. Asked what he learned from Gibbs, Kinnan replied: "I think he
survived me is a better way to put it. We have a great respect for Joe. If you
survived everything Joe has gone through, chances are, you're battle-tested and
you're going to be a pretty good coach down the road."

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 CAPTION: STAFF PHOTO / NINA GREIPEL / nina.greipel@heraldtribune.com Bucs'
fullback Mike Alstott dives over the Carolina Panthers' defense for a touchdown
during the fourth quarter at Tampa's Raymond James Stadium last Sunday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              685 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Business Times (Singapore)

East Asia's industrialisation unstoppable: Lee

                                  May 15, 1992

Genevieve Cua


Not even diminished US role in region can stop it

SINGAPORE -East Asia's industrialisation is unstoppable. It will proceed even if
the US plays a diminished role in the region over the next 10 years, Senior
Minister Lee Kuan Yew said yesterday.

Speaking during the 1992 Pacific Rim Forum in San Diego, Mr Lee likened Asia's
industrialisation to nuclear proliferation. "Knowledge and technology cannot be
put back in the bottle and corked up. And there is enough industrial capacity,
capital and trained manpower available in East Asia for development to
continue."

Mr Lee's speech, on the theme "The Dawn of the Pacific Century", dwelt on East
Asian industrialisation, the US role in this process, and whether a synergy
between the East and the West could evolve. Mr Lee is now on a 12-day tour of
North America.

He noted that Eastern and Western cultures will never fuse, as core values are
too deeply embedded. But each will learn from the other to compete more
effectively.

With close interaction, "there will be a trial-and-error grafting of methods,
practices, habits, virtues and strengths of one by the other", he said.

"East Asian communitarianism must accommodate more Western individualism to
throw up enough innovators to match the creativity of the individualistic West.
Western individualism in turn will adopt methods that increase teamwork to
compete successfully against Asian communitarianism," Mr Lee said.

On the US role, he said that historically, the US played a key role in ensuring
world order. But with the end of the Cold War, US attitudes were changing. He
observed an "increasing disquiet" among Americans at Japan's manufacturing
success and the prospect of Asians such as Koreans and Taiwanese becoming
"nearly as troublesome as the Japanese with their zero defect products".

He also said that intra-regional trade in East Asia was now growing faster than
trade across the Pacific. Investments were also rising due to complementarity.
Japan and the NIEs provided the funds, technology and infrastructure, while
Asean and China provide the workers, land and natural resources.

"They complement each other's needs and increase interdependence, and ideology
is no longer a barrier," said Mr Lee.

One imponderable, however, was China. Mr Lee reiterated points made in an
earlier speech in New York as he warned against pushing China on democracy and
human rights.  The best way to quicken the pace and direction of political
change in China is through increased trade and investment, he said.

Another uncertainty was whether the US can continue to play a key role in East
Asia's security and economy. If the US stayed engaged in the region, East Asia
would get to 2010 with a combined output greater than the US, Canada and Mexico.

But if the US economy failed to recover in 10 years, the region will see a new
geopolitical balance, one less comfortable than the current one. There would be
tension as the US cuts its defence spending in Asia, and countries like Japan
and Korea take up the slack by building up their military forces.


SECTION: Page 2 News

LENGTH: 960 words

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mr Lee: intra-regional trade in East Asia now growing faster than trade
across the Pacific

                   Copyright 1992 Times Business Publications


                              686 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 14, 1985, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

Up and Down and Up Year For Dykstra

BYLINE: By William C. Rhoden, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section 5; Page 5, Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 817 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON, July 13


Len Dykstra considered the question, staring into space in contemplation.

The expression was similar to one he had worn two months earlier in Cincinnati
when he found himself in a Mets uniform, explaining to reporters how it felt to
be in Tidewater one day and in the majors the next, hitting a home run off Mario
Soto.

Now he was sitting at a poolside table, reflecting on how he felt about the past
eight weeks. He answered with the confidence of a rookie who, for the moment,
had gained a foothold on security.

''Yeah, I guess that I was pretty awed then, just to come up and have that kind
of day,'' the 22-year-old center fielder said this afternoon before the Mets'
beat the Astros, 10-1, in a night game. ''I guess I was playing a lot on
adrenaline. On the way up I knew Soto was pitching, but I really didn't think
about it. I was just happy to be going.

Awe Factor Diminished

''Now the awe factor is diminished,'' he added. ''I'm playing baseball, trying
to help the club win and trying to prove myself.''

Dykstra is certainly doing all of that, and with the sort of fiery, impromptu
style of play that seems to have won over Manager Dave Johnson.

He has 21 hits in 82 times at bat, only a .256 average, but in the first 10
games of the Mets' current trip, he has scored nine runs, drawn nine walks and
stolen four bases in five attempts. Tonight, he batted 2 for 5 and scored a run.

In the field, Dykstra has drawn mixed reviews as a replacement for Mookie
Wilson, who went on the disabled list July 2 with a shoulder problem. But
Dykstra has overcome his inexpericence with a combination of good instincts and
hustle in a difficult situation.

An outfielder who bats and throws left-handed, the Mets drafted him out of
Garden Grove High School in California on the 12th round in 1981 and he worked
his way to Tidewater, the club's top farm team in the International League.

Replaced Gardenhire on Roster

On May 2, after a night game with Tidewater, Dykstra was told to report to the
Mets immediately as a replacement for Ron Gardenhire, the infielder who had been
placed on the disabled list.

The following afternoon, playing in his first major league game, Dykstra hit a
homer off Soto in the third inning at Riverfront Stadium. In the final game of
the series, when Pete Rose blooped a ball to right center, Dykstra, after
misjudging the play, ran in and made a sensational diving catch to save the
game. Afterward he displayed a nasty rug burn as a souvenir.

Despite going 5 for 13 with a homer and three runs batted in in his first four
games with the Mets, he found himself back in Tidewater on May 12.

He was recalled on June 18 when the Mets sent the pitcher Calvin Schiraldi to
Tidewater, and he stayed with the team until June 28. During that stretch he
went 3 for 17 with one run batted in.

Recalled on July 2

Dykstra's latest - and perhaps final - recall came on July 2 when the Mets put
Wilson, the regular center fielder, on the disabled list.

Including the game that day against Pittsburgh, he has started all 12 games
since, and the Mets have won 11.

What has impressed Johnson the most is Dykstra's on-base percentage. The
manager's rule of thumb for a leadoff hitter is a .350 on base percentage.
Dykstra's percentage since rejoining the team was .373. going into tonight's
game. On the trip it was .382 before tonight, prompting Johnson to say: ''The
way he's playing, he'll be here for a long time.''

Asked what will happen in August, when Wilson is expected to return, Johnson,
says, ''We'll cross that bridge when we get to it.''

Asked about the potential competition with Wilson, Dykstra said:

''The way I see it, the job is still his. I'm just trying to fill his shoes. My
priority is to help the this team win a pennant. Secondly I want to prove that I
can play. I know that if I play well, there are other teams that'll want me if
things don't work out here.''

Lean and Efficient Style

Dykstra's style is deceptive. There is nothing pretty or graceful about his
game, but it is lean, compact and, thus far, efficient.

He has been able to blend a spirit of abandon with the alert opportunism he has
always shown. One day it's a headfirst slide into first to beat out a bunt.
Another time it's being trapped between second and third, drawing a rundown then
diving head first into third to beat the tag.

''I play a lot on instincts and feeling, that's why it's good for me to be
playing every day,'' Dykstra said. ''After the All Star break, I'm looking to
get even better. I can steal bases, and I think I can improve my offense, now
that I'm getting to know the pitchers. The biggest thing is playing regularly.

''When I went down to Tidewater the second time they said they didn't want me to
sit on the bench. I was depressed, but I knew it was true. And I knew I'd be
back. Hopefully, this time it'll be for a while.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              687 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 25, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

When the Senses Become Confused

BYLINE: By SANDRA BLAKESLEE

SECTION: Section F; Column 0; Science Desk; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 696 words


One morning seven years ago, Sherrilyn Roush woke to discover that the left side
of her body had gone numb.

The cause was obvious, according to Dr. Roush, now 42 and a philosophy professor
at the University of California, Berkeley:  the day before, she had been given a
prescription decongestant with an ingredient suspected of causing strokes in
young women.

Five months later, the Food and Drug Administration took the drug off the
market.

But Dr. Roush, then starting her career at Rice University in Houston, did not
realize that her stroke would lead to sensations that few people have ever
experienced.

A year and a half after the stroke, caused by a lesion the size of a lentil in a
region of her midbrain, Dr. Roush began to feel tingling on her body in response
to sounds.

Today, more than ever, she feels sounds on her skin.

The first time it happened, Dr. Roush was channel-surfing when she heard the
voice of an announcer on a local FM station. When the announcer started to talk,
she recalled, ''I felt an unpleasant sensation on my left thigh, left arm, the
back of my shoulder and even the outside of my left ear.''

''It was the kind of icky feeling that uniformly washes over you at a scary
movie,'' she continued. ''I had to stop listening. It made me cringe.''

Tony Ro, a psychologist from Rice University who has followed her case from the
beginning, said Dr. Roush has a rare case of acquired synesthesia.

Synesthesia is a condition marked by odd mixings of the senses. Sensory areas of
the brain that do not normally communicate engage in cross-talk.

Most synesthetes are born with such crossed connections. Some experience complex
tastes, like  apple or bacon, in response to words. Others feel complex shapes,
like pyramids, in response to tastes. Many see colors attached to specific
letters or numbers.

In this case, Dr. Ro said, the crossed wiring developed as a consequence of the
stroke. Imaging studies reveal that fiber tracts from Dr. Roush's midbrain that
normally go to higher regions involved in touch are disorganized and diminished.
Such disruption can lead to enhanced connectivity in remotely connected regions
of the brain like hearing and touch.

Dr. Ro and colleagues have tested Dr. Roush for the last seven years, observing
how her brain has reorganized. An article describing her case appears in the
November issue of Annals of Neurology.

For several months, Dr. Roush found herself bumping into doors. When she drove,
her car would veer to the right. But gradually, the weakness on her left side
and the neglect of space around her left side diminished. Her only concession
was to give up driving a car with a stick shift because of  lingering weakness
in her leg.

But in laboratory tests a year later, she exhibited a rare phenomenon. If
simultaneously touched on both hands,  she  would feel an increased sense of
pressure on her left hand. Her brain was reorganizing in ways that baffled her
doctors.

Not long after that, sounds began to produce tingling, hair-raising sensations
of touch on her body. Something about that radio announcer's voice -- its pitch
or timbre -- was unbearably irritating. The sound of a duck quacking or the
sharp clanging of a fire alarm sets her teeth on edge. When she rides the
subway, the sound of the train hitting the rails makes her left side ''feel on
the way to tingle.''

But the soft sound of water bubbling is ''soothing, almost like a massage on my
skin,'' Dr. Roush said, adding,  ''Round sounds produce a very light tickle but
without the annoying part of being tickled.''

She always feels touch sensations, positive and negative, on the left side of
her body, particularly the outside of her arm, thigh, head and shoulder. They do
not reach the bottom of her leg. Sometimes they make her squirm. But most, she
said, do not interfere with everyday life.

Recently, Dr. Roush learned how to exploit her oddly mixed up senses.

''I took up the string bass,'' she said. ''Most people get pleasure from this
instrument. It is huge. It has a soft deep sound. But I get more pleasure out of
it, right there in my left arm. When I play, it feels like a massage.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION (ILLUSTRATION BY JOHN RITTER)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              688 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 7, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Dickerson, Falcons back on same page

BYLINE: Larry Weisman

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6C

LENGTH: 763 words


Citing a misunderstanding, the Atlanta Falcons plan to welcome Eric Dickerson
back today. But it won't be a warm welcome.

Dickerson said Tuesday the Falcons had released him, citing a desire to go with
younger players. But the Falcons never waived him and said he had mistaken the
team's plans to use him less as their way of terminating him.

"We did call him to tell him his role was going to be diminished," coach Jerry
Glanville said Wednesday. "We were giving him the option of what he wanted to
do" in the way of being released or traded.

Dickerson, 33, is the NFL's No. 2 all-time leading rusher. He was acquired in a
draft-day trade with the Los Angeles Raiders after playing previously with
Indianapolis and the Los Angeles Rams.

How much his role could be diminished is an interesting question. He has three
carries for 4 yards in the last two games and 91 yards on 26 carries for the
season.

EAST: The DALLAS COWBOYS acquired TE Jim Price from the Los Angeles Rams and
plan to make him No. 2 at the position this week at Indianapolis. "I'm glad to
get out of L.A.," said Price, who had 69 catches in 1991-92 for the Rams. . . .
PHILADELPHIA EAGLES DB Eric Allen, who returned an interception 94 yards for the
winning TD in a 35-30 victory against the Jets, is NFC defensive player of the
week. . . . The NEW YORK GIANTS could play Sunday at Washington without starting
RBs Rodney Hampton (sprained knee, ankle) and Jarrod Bunch (pneumonia), both of
whom are "very doubtful," says coach Dan Reeves. . . . WASHINGTON REDSKINS QB
Mark Rypien practiced for the first time Wednesday since hurting his right knee
in the second game of the year against Phoenix. "Tomorrow will be a better
indication how the recovery is," he said. "Today was a little more hesitant.
Tonight, hopefully, there won't be any swelling." . . . PHOENIX CARDINALS WR
Gary Clark needs 61 yards to become the 13th NFL player to have 9,000
regular-season receiving yards.

CENTRAL: CHICAGO BEARS rookie coach Dave Wannstedt has the art of coachspeak
down. The Bears play Philadelphia Sunday and Wannstedt claims he's more worried
about facing Bubby Brister than he would be if he was going against Randall
Cunningham, who broke his leg last week. "When I was with Dallas, we played
Philadelphia twice each year, and we developed a good feel for Cunningham's
strengths and weaknesses," Wannstedt said. "We don't know that much about Bubby
Brister, and that will be a concern." . . . TAMPA BAY BUCCANEERS RB Reggie Cobb
said family pressures as much as anything contributed to the 27-10 victory
against Detroit that got the club into the win column. The week before, the Bucs
got creamed 47-27 in Chicago to go 0-3. "My wife told me we looked bad. My aunt
was there. She told me we looked bad," said Cobb, who rushed for 113 yards and a
TD against the Lions. "Until you prove yourself, people are going to have their
own opinion." . . . MINNESOTA VIKINGS QB Jim McMahon has 21 consecutive wins
against NFC Central opponents and never lost to Tampa Bay (five games), Sunday's
foe. . . . GREEN BAY PACKERS WR Sterling Sharpe has a catch in 75 consecutive
games. He has never had a 100-yard receiving day against a team from the AFC
West. Sunday, he gets another chance, vs. Denver. . . . Although the DETROIT
LIONS have a bye this week, coach Wayne Fontes said he will name his starting QB
today - Andre Ware, Erik Kramer or Rodney Peete. Fontes said he intends to name
a starter and use him for the remainder of the season.

WEST: The SAN FRANCISCO 49ERS and WR Jerry Rice agreed on a five-year contract
taking him through 1997. The contract will pay Rice $ 12 million in the first
four years and anywhere from $ 2.175 million-$ 3.5 million depending on Rice's
1996. "I'm really glad to get it done and now I can focus on football." . . .
Another setback for NEW ORLEANS SAINTS LB Sam Mills: While hospitalized last
weekend, doctors went back into his infected right knee with an arthroscope and
placed a drain in the knee to remove fluid and flush it out. Mills is still
receiving antibiotics. He was first scoped two weeks ago after hurting the knee
Sept. 12 against Atlanta. . . . LOS ANGELES RAMS CB Darryl Henley and his mother
received death threats last month by men   reported. The men robbed

Henley of his car at gunpoint and contacted his relatives to demand repayment
for a seized shipment of 12 kilos of cocaine. Henley reportedly is under
investigation for drug trafficking, although no charges have been filed. He is
on an indefinite leave of absence.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NATIONAL FOOTBALL LEAGUE; NFC NOTES

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              689 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 12, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

U.S., Britain: Is there still a 'special relationship'?;
Cameron's U.S. visit includes a long agenda

BYLINE: Aamer Madhani, USA TODAY

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 742 words


As British media and political analysts question whether Britain and the U.S.
have lost their "special relationship" status, President Obama is rolling out
the red carpet -- literally -- and scheduling plenty of quality time with
British Prime Minister David Cameron during his visit here this week.

Obama's talks with Cameron on Wednesday are expected to include the fallout from
Sunday's killings of up to 16 Afghanistan civilians by a U.S. soldier.
Afghanistan was already high on the leaders' agenda, including plans by the U.S.
and allies to turn over security responsibilities to the Afghan government in
2014.

Obama and Cameron plan to travel to Dayton, Ohio, on Tuesday to watch a
first-round game in the NCAA college basketball tournament.

Meanwhile, first lady Michelle Obama has invited the prime minister's wife,
Samantha, to take part in a mini-Olympics event with Washington-area
schoolchildren -- a bit of homage to the Brits, who will be hosting the 2012
Summer Games. The two will also host a barbecue for U.S. and British troops.

On Wednesday, the president and prime minister will huddle in the Oval Office,
where -- in addition to the Afghanistan War and Sunday's shooting -- they're
likely to discuss Iran's suspected nuclear program,  the  precarious situation
in Syria and the European financial crisis. Secretary of State Hillary Rodham
Clinton will host a luncheon for Cameron, and Obama will honor him with a state
dinner that night, beginning with a  red-carpet entrance at the White House.

"There's a strong working relationship, and actually even a strong personal
bond, between Prime Minister Cameron and President Obama they'll cultivate
during this visit and during these meetings," says Josh Earnest, deputy White
House press secretary.

Cameron, 45, who leads Britain's Conservative Party, and Obama come from
ideologically different traditions. Their differences are most apparent in their
approaches to the global financial crisis: Obama has pushed for stimulus and
slow deficit cutting, while Cameron has embraced tougher austerity measures in
the United Kingdom.

Some experts who follow the Anglo-U.S. relationship say the connection between
the two nations has shifted  as Britain's power globally has diminished.

"The policy elites in Britain would like to still believe there is a special
relationship between the U.S. and Britain," says Mark Blyth, professor of
political economy at Brown University in Providence. "The American focus has
shifted toward Germany and the eurozone and away from the so-called special
relationship with Britain."

On perhaps the two biggest national security questions -- Iran's nuclear program
and winding down the Afghanistan War -- there's no difference in the views of
the two leaders, says Nile Gardiner, director of the Margaret Thatcher Center
for Freedom at the Heritage Foundation, a conservative think tank in Washington.
Britain and the U.S. also closely coordinated their efforts in establishing a
NATO-led no-fly zone over Libya and assisting rebels there last year in an
operation that helped lead to the toppling of Moammar Gadhafi's regime.

Even so, Gardiner laments that the relationship has diminished from the close
partnerships that Ronald Reagan and Thatcher had during the Cold War, or George
W. Bush and Prime Minister Tony Blair shared during the Iraq War and in the
aftermath of 9/11.

"On the surface, the relations are very cordial, but behind the scenes, this is
not a very close partnership," Gardiner says of Cameron and Obama.

Early in Cameron's term, Obama and the prime minister were at odds as Cameron
pushed to protect the British oil company BP from excessive claims for
compensation following the massive oil spill in the Gulf of Mexico and resisted
calls from U.S. lawmakers to launch an inquiry into the release by Scotland of
Abdel Baset Ali Megrahi, the Libyan who was convicted in the 1988 Pan-Am flight
103 bombing over Lockerbie, Scotland, which killed 270 people.

"There were some real strains in the relationship, and they had a bumpy
beginning initially," says Heather Conley, Europe analyst at the Center for
Strategic and International Studies, "but clearly there was a lot of
communication in Operation Unified Protector in Libya.  On Iran, they're in
lockstep, and there is close coordination on Syria."

And recently, Obama named Cameron in a Time interview as one of a handful of
world leaders with whom he has a "lot of trust and confidence."

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          November 11, 2015 Wednesday
                                Suburban Edition

Walker is a diminished figure - except in the state he governs

BYLINE: David Weigel

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 1075 words

DATELINE: WAUKESHA, WIS.


WAUKESHA, Wis. - Scott Walker was just miles away from home, standing in front
of a dozen probing cameras meant for someone else. Former Florida governor Jeb
Bush - who, unlike Walker, is still a candidate for president - had brought the
press corps to a Spanish-language school that had just launched an 88-student
charter program. It was Walker's program - "It's about expanding education
choices for every family in the state" - but he credited Bush for the
inspiration, and Bush returned the favor.

"It isn't the easiest thing in the world to take on entrenched interests," Bush
said. "This guy did."

The compliment had the flavor of a eulogy. Two months earlier, Walker had joined
the elite and unhappy club of governors who had lunged for the White House,
missed and returned to their capitols with diminished clout. Club inductees
include Michael Dukakis and Rick Perry. When Walker lost, the president of the
AFL-CIO snarked that Walker was "still a disgrace, just no longer national."

But something unexpected has happened in those two months. Although Walker's
days of lofty foreign policy speeches are gone, he is back to what propelled him
to the national stage in the first place: a street battle with Wisconsin's
Democrats. And he has reemerged on the state stage as powerful as ever.

Walker returned to Wisconsin as a paradox: a weakened figure who could still
defeat Democrats whenever he tried. In the past few weeks, his Republican allies
in the state legislature have steamrolled their opponents to allow more and
looser money into elections, and to end a law that allowed prosecutors to
investigate officeholders without convening a jury. And a signature conservative
change started today: drug testing for welfare recipients.

"They're determined to ram things through very quickly," said Peter Barca, the
leader of the minority Democrats in Wisconsin's state assembly. "Maybe they look
at the polls and think they won't be able to do all this after the next
election. I think he was back from Iowa for 10 minutes and said, 'Well, it's
time to do civil service reform.' "

Walker has also seized the pulpit that comes with being a state's chief
executive. He has celebrated new jobs in Kenosha and asked Kraft Heinz not to
close a hot dog plant. In October, he found himself congratulating the Cow of
the Year at the World Dairy Expo. Later, donning his Green Bay Packers jacket,
he posed with a mascot from Megabus as the company unveiled the "Big Cheese"
double-decker bus.

"Our state produces high-quality cheeses for consumers around the world," said
Walker, who had canceled a planned high-speed rail line. "There is no doubt that
when people see this bus, they will know it's from Wisconsin."

This week, Walker is playing host as his former rivals for the GOP presidential
nomination descend on Milwaukee for the latest debate, which aired Tuesday
evening on Fox Business Network.

Walker's task of reasserting himself has been made easier by events that have
made Democrats largely irrelevant. Losses in 2012 and 2014 on a Republican-drawn
map put Democrats below the numbers they needed even to delay a vote by fleeing
the state, as they did in 2011 when Walker was making his name nationally by
ending collective bargaining for most public employees. In 2015, Democrats were
unable to stop Republicans from passing right-to-work legislation and won a
reprieve only when the presidential election distracted Walker.

In Madison, which teemed with protesters during the 2011 and 2015 fights, the
Democrats' problem is stark. The state's capitol is still visited every day at
noon by the Solidarity Singers, aging liberals who rewrite patriotic songs with
lyrics about Walker's misdeeds and hold signs from the campaigns he won. Sitting
in his office on Monday, Democratic State Sen. Jon Erpenbach reflected on how
Republicans worked past midnight on Friday to win the key vote on campaign
finance laws.

"It doubles the amount of money that legislators will be allowed to take in,"
said Erpenbach, who watched moderate Republican colleagues voice complaints then
vote for the final bills. "They are afraid of primaries. They've seen colleague
after colleague defeated by conservatives in their primaries."

Erpenbach, and many other Democrats, are braced for more - because there is no
reason for Walker to trim his sails. "I can see him trying to kick people off of
welfare, cut school funding," Erpenbach said. "Governor Walker is trying to
privatize as much as he possibly can."

Protests aside, none of Walker's policy moves have hurt his political strength
in Wisconsin. The 2016 campaign was the one decision that seemed to slacken his
grip. Walker's allies speculated that the campaign distracted him from the 2015
budget, which was noticeably slapdash. Walker's campaign-trail rhetoric about
fighting "even leaders of my party" for change briefly rankled allies such as
Assembly Speaker Robin Vos. But the campaign was over, and according to allies
such as Milwaukee conservative radio host Charlie Sykes, Walker had
compartmentalized that experience from the work of governing.

"It's helpful to have a fully engaged conservative governor," said Eric Bott,
the state director of Americans for Prosperity. "If you look at what he did
before he ran, Wisconsin's become the 25th right-to-work state, it's eliminated
the prevailing wage, it's expanded school choice, and it's about to pass what
could be model legislation from a free-speech standpoint."

An unassuming Walker, a governor with power but no national ambition, is what
Democrats worry about. "The spotlight was much greater when you had the national
media looking at the governor as a presidential candidate," admitted Barca, the
Democratic minority leader.

The national media's lack of interest was palpable in Waukesha. When Bush and
Walker finished a Q&A, the cameras detached from a riser and swarmed the former
governor of Florida. Walker stood off to the side, talking to students, fielding
an occasional question about whether he would make an endorsement ("It's great
to have candidates in Wisconsin") or whether he still thought governors made
better presidential timber than senators ("We'll see"). A group of kids sang a
song about pride, and Walker said he didn't miss the campaign trail at all.

"I love being here," he said. "It's a lot of fun. It's great being governor."

Then he left, an SUV bringing him down the road to a fundraiser for Vos.

david.weigel@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 3, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Relief at Diminished BP After Spill Settlement

BYLINE: By STANLEY REED and CLIFFORD KRAUSS; Stanley Reed reported from London,
and Clifford Krauss from Charleston, W.Va.

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1115 words


LONDON --  BP's future no longer has a giant cloud ahead. But it will take
years, if not decades, for the company to approach its size of five years ago,
before the explosion of the Deepwater Horizon rig.

Since the 2010 blowout of the Macondo well killed 11 rig workers and dumped
millions of gallons of crude into the Gulf of Mexico, BP has vigorously fought
in court and on American television to salvage its image and minimize the costs.
But in preparation for a settlement to resolve legal wrangling over economic and
environmental damages, in which it eventually agreed to pay   $18.7  billion,
the British-based company also had pruned its global operations to save itself.

To shore up its finances, it gave up its former ambition to reach the size of
Exxon Mobil, the giant of global oil giants. It sold refineries and natural gas
fields in the United States, and trimmed its reach across Russia, Central and
Southeast Asia, and the North Sea. From the time of the accident through 2012,
it sold off $38 billion in assets, and raised $12 billion more in cash from
selling its stake in the Russian company TNK-BP.

With the settlement, BP executives breathed a sigh of relief and Wall Street
analysts who cover the company declared a victory for it, albeit only compared
with the potential damages it had faced. BP and the analysts emphasized that
$18.7 billion -- an average of just over $1 billion to be paid annually over 18
years -- would be a manageable burden for a company that earned a profit of $2.6
billion in the first quarter despite low oil and gas prices.

''It makes me feel like the company can now plan its future,'' Robert Dudley,
BP's chief executive, said in an interview. ''It allows us to have this
manageable cash flow, including increasing a commitment to investment in the
U.S., which was increasingly uncertain for us.''

BP's share price in the United States jumped more than 5 percent on Thursday,
closing at $41.29, even though the company will add $10 billion to the $43.8
billion in provisions for cumulative pretax charges that it has already taken.

Wall Street analysts praised the settlement for dealing with almost all of the
company's major liabilities, and its penalties are lower than many expected
under the federal Clean Water Act as well as settlements with the gulf states.
Payments to the states and federal government will not begin for another year,
giving the company relief at a time when revenue is dropping because of the 40
percent drop in oil prices over the last year. Much of the payment will be
tax-deductible.

''Every aspect of this deal is better than what both we and the market were
expecting,'' said Stephen Simko, Morningstar's director for energy research.

Mr. Simko noted that the agreement gave the company additional financial
strength to invest capital it was holding back in new projects, dividends, stock
buybacks, and even mergers and acquisitions in a market in which many oil and
gas assets are now in distressed condition.

Fadel Gheit, a senior analyst at Oppenheimer & Company, compared the settlement
to a 30-year mortgage, which can soften the financial blow, and he estimated
that it was half of what the company could have faced.

''BP is now in the best shape since Macondo in terms of looking into the
future,'' Mr. Gheit said. ''The only risk going forward for BP is oil prices,
and that is the same for Exxon Mobil or Chevron or any other company.''

Since becoming chief in 2010, Mr. Dudley has reshaped BP into a significantly
smaller company that he says is easier to manage and hence safer. In doing so,
he has reduced production by close to one million barrels a day, to around 3.3
million barrels a day.

Mr. Dudley has sold off a total of $45 billion worth of oil and gas
installations and other assets. Because most of these sales occurred before last
year's price drop, he received much higher prices for these assets than he would
have today.

Mr. Dudley has also cut BP's risk in Russia by selling the company's 50 percent
stake in its Russian subsidiary TNK-BP to Rosneft for $27 billion, including $12
billion in cash and a nearly 20 percent stake in Rosneft.

Even before the settlement announcement, BP had made considerable headway toward
restoring the company's status in the United States, a crucial profit center for
the company before the 2010 disaster. While it had a moratorium after the 2010
oil spill, BP is now back drilling in the Gulf of Mexico and has eight rigs
working there. A settlement with the Environmental Protection Agency last year
allowed BP to resume bidding in exploration lease auctions held by the federal
government.

Since oil prices are at $60 a barrel, BP and most oil companies are struggling.
But through winnowing down its asset base, the company has put itself in a
better position than many of its rivals. With what amounts to an attic
clear-out, it has dispensed with a lot of the older oil and gas fields in places
like the British North Sea, which because of high maintenance costs for rusting
structures have difficulty turning a profit at current prices.

BP has emerged, stripped down, with sound businesses and cash to spend on
exploration. The Gulf of Mexico, where BP is rebuilding, is likely to remain a
strong profit center. BP is one of the big players in Angola, whose deepwater
oil fields play well to BP's knowledge of geology under seabeds.

BP has also rid itself of unprofitable refineries that have dragged down the
company's performance for years, while investing in its better ones, like the
giant refinery at Whiting, Ind.

The biggest risk for BP is Russia, where it owns about 20 percent of the
state-controlled Rosneft. But Russia is a world leader in oil and gas resources,
and Mr. Dudley figures that the stake in Rosneft, for which he is a board
member, is worth maintaining.

''We remain committed to our investment there,'' he said. ''I just hope that
cool heads will prevail'' in the politics of all sides.

''BP still has the uncertainty of Russia facing it, given it has so much
invested there,'' said Brian Youngberg, senior energy analyst at Edward Jones.
''Removing much of the remaining uncertainty regarding the oil spill is
obviously a positive, but the company needs to now execute well and show it can
grow.''

The settlement, which is subject to approval by a federal court, does not end
BP's legal struggles entirely. It still faces numerous lawsuits from
shareholders as well as businesses and Gulf residents who opted out of a
class-action settlement reached in 2012. The exact amount owed from that
settlement is still not entirely determined, and may top the current estimates
of more than $10 billion.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/07/03/business/energy-environment/diminished
-bp-in-deepwater-horizon-settlement.html

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Deepwater Horizon rig in April 2010. (PHOTOGRAPH BY GERALD
HERBERT/ASSOCIATED PRESS) (B1)
 Crews worked to clean up the beach in Pensacola, Fla., in June 2010 after the
BP Gulf of Mexico oil spill. BP sold off assets worth billions of dollars to pay
for costs related to the spill. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MICHAEL SPOONEYBARGER/ASSOCIATED
PRESS) (B7)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              692 of 997 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            December 21, 2012 Friday

Fund Mental Health

SECTION: A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 667  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Within a matter of seconds, perhaps minutes, our world changed. Lives were
shattered, forever altered in a small community that represents the best of
America. Such acts of violence are unfathomable, but over the years we have
witnessed similar, inexplainable tragedies with lone gunmen preying upon our
nation's innocent with alarming frequency - look at Columbine, Nickel Mines,
Virginia Tech, Aurora and now Newtown.

We look for answers that are held in a mental illness diagnosis, as if a label
could explain it all away. It's not that easy. Mental illness is complicated,
especially when ignored and/or left untreated. The mind is a complex organ.
Medical advances and related technologies have made tremendous progress in
treating cancer, heart disease and the like. Yet, when it comes to the mind,
treatment is often found in prescribing a drug, or a combination of drugs, with
the hope that it will work. That is, of course, only if treatment is sought.
Only one-third of individuals with a diagnosable mental condition seek help.

In a rush to judgment, people speculate why the shooter, Adam Lanza, caused such
a terrible tragedy. Was it a personality disorder or something else? It's a list
that can go on and on, a likely combination of speculation that will ultimately
lead to conclusions that will be considered fact. Yet, now more than ever, we
need to understand that not one of these diagnoses alone or together makes for a
violent person.

Perhaps the violence that we have witnessed has some underpinnings in stigma
which keeps individuals from accessing treatment. The stigma surrounding mental
illness is enormous and it can be dangerous. One in four individuals struggles
with a mental illness; a condition that presents itself in the form of a
diminished sense of wellness, which can take shape as depression, anxiety or
stress. Another one in 17 individuals experiences some form of a serious mental
illness - bipolar disorder, borderline personality disorder or schizophrenia, to
name a few. Until we erase the stigma, many people will not seek the treatment
and support they need and deserve.

The mental health system is broken, there is - and has been - severe erosion of
mental health services at all levels. Today, many providers are forced to make
difficult decisions. Often, those most in need cannot access mental health
services due to a broken system which only serves to exacerbate the problem.

In our own community, there are severe shortages created by funding cuts leading
to diminished resources, which causes long waiting lists, denials of service due
to lack of insurance, etc.

What happened in Newtown is a senseless and unconscionable tragedy that has
forever altered the landscape of our nation and, in its wake, hearts have been
smashed into a million pieces never to be whole again. We all mourn the loss of
those precious children and dedicated staff; our country and our hearts need
time to heal.

It's been said that healing hurts. A part of healing can begin when we turn our
outrage and grief into action. Today, please reach out to local, state and
federal leaders and urge them - no, demand - that they demonstrate leadership by
committing more funding to mental health services. Funding that provides ready
access to providers and treatment (without long waiting lists that can take
months); funding that strengthens the infrastructure of a fractured system that
causes so many of us to provide services on a shoestring without the needed
resources; funding that provides much-needed education to erase the stigma
surrounding mental illness.

Less than 10 percent of health care dollars are spent on mental health. Take a
moment, it just may provide the catalyst that begins to bring about desperately
needed - and lifesaving - changes.

Mental Health America of Lancaster County offers information, resources and
support to help individuals and families lead mentally healthy lives.

Jan Baily is the executive director of Mental Health America of Lancaster
County.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jan Baily

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            November 20, 2011 Sunday
                                TWO STAR EDITION

SELLING OUT OUR GRANDKIDS;
TO SAVE PENNIES ON FOOD AND FUEL, WE LET INDUSTRIES POISON THEM

BYLINE: STANLEY J. KABALA

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. F-1

LENGTH: 1101 words


I'd like to talk about grandchildren -- mine and yours. It's something I do
rather often now that I have a few.

We're selling them out.

In 2005, researchers at Mt. Sinai Medical Center in New York released their
finding that mercury air pollution was costing the U.S. economy $8.7 billion a
year in lost earnings due to diminished IQs of children exposed to mercury in
the womb.

Mercury is well known and well understood as poison -- to both children and
adults -- but it also is a developmental toxin. It affects developing fetuses
and children in a way that it doesn't affect adults, and its effects are
permanent and irreversible.

Lowered IQ. Lessened ability to learn. Reduced capacity for life. Why?

Because we like cheap electricity, and in today's market coal-fired electricity
is the cheapest. When coal is burned, mercury is released into the air. Then it
makes its way into the nostrils, lungs and brains of our children.

The solution is simple: Require all coal-fired power plants to install equipment
that captures mercury before it escapes into the air.

Try that idea out on the power and coal companies. You won't have long to wait
for the denials, evasions, knee-jerk rejections of data, lobbying and the
charming PR that is churned out by the industry resistance machine.

Eventually -- and let us hope we are nearing that point in the case of mercury
-- the power and coal industries will stop resisting and whining and do what
they should have done in the first place: control the pollution they create. In
this, they will be repeating the pattern of business stalling that has
characterized every significant pollution-control policy in the United States
for the past 40 years.

Sad news for the kids with permanently diminished IQs.

In April, the University of California/Berkeley, Columbia University and Simon
Fraser University in Vancouver released three independent studies on the
neurodevelopmental damage related to environmental exposure to organophosphate
pesticides. Organophosphates are a class of pesticides -- organochlorines are
the other -- extensively used in agriculture in the United States and around the
world.

Now, this is nothing new. Research has been pointing at the problem for at least
15 years. These pesticides belong to a class of chemicals that, because of their
effects on animals and humans, are referred to as endocrine disruptors --
substances that block or alter the hormonal signals sent by the endocrine system
that govern tissue and organ development during pregnancy and the developmental
years of life, i.e., childhood.

In fish and amphibians, exposure to pesticides in the field induces
hermaphroditism -- the presence of both male and female reproductive organs in
males and the general diminishment of male characteristics necessary for the
survival of the species. For instance, male frogs can end up too small or with a
croak too highly pitched to attract females.

Effects in humans include testicular, breast and vaginal cancers, lowered IQ and
learning disabilities. And these effects are permanent.

So, you might ask, why are we subjecting our children to a hazard with such
tragic effects?

Once again, the answer is a few pennies, this time on our grocery bills. For
cheap fruit and vegetables, we are selling our grandchildren down the river.

If you don't believe me, ask the pesticide manufacturers or their industry trade
group, which was founded as the Agricultural Insecticide and Fungicide
Association but which now bears the euphemistic name of CropLife America.

I'll paraphrase their position in a way that I don't think does them a
disservice. The line runs like this:

Few people realize what it means not to have to spend most of our waking time
engaged in the production of food and fiber. It is modern agriculture's use of
synthetic pesticides that makes it possible for us to have abundant, unblemished
fruit and vegetables at low cost.

That, I have to say, is true. But the price we pay is permanent physical and
mental damage to our children.

Now, note what is going on in this discourse, which is typical. The strategy
here is not to challenge assertions of harm. Rather, it is to ignore them and go
on to aggressively point out the benefits that would be lost if criticisms are
addressed.

Children protected from permanent harm vs. slightly more expensive, slightly
less perfect produce. Make your choice. Fine bargain.

In June, a study was released by researchers at West Virginia University
documenting "significantly higher" rates of birth defects in areas with
mountaintop removal mines than in non-mining regions of central Appalachia. Can
you take more? Our babies can't.

Leave aside that mountaintop removal is destroying the second most biodiverse
and productive ecosystem in North America and the watershed of the major rivers
of the mid-Atlantic region -- the mountains of West Virginia, Pennsylvania and
eastern Kentucky.

Leave aside the fact that mountaintop removal generates few jobs, despite vague
industry claims.

Leave aside the fact that mountaintop removal leaves little development or
investment behind in host communities.

Leave aside that the state of West Virginia -- just one example -- spends more
on infrastructure repair made necessary by mountaintop mining operations than it
receives in revenue from fees and taxes.

Dwell only on the fact that the fuel for our electricity is hurting our kids.

And what is the industry response?

A newspaper report of the WVU study has a representative of the National Mining
Association disputing the data. This is the predictable first salvo in industry
denial operations. It is, nonetheless, only a part of the mechanism.

Along with it comes the standard avalanche of PR stressing the benevolence of
coal-fired power and telling us things such as, "America runs on coal" and "Coal
-- without it cities are dark" and "Coal -- clean and green with new
technologies." (As for that last point -- no such thing.) There's no
acknowledgement of the harm; full focus on the benefits.

Fine, you give me a few cents off each kilowatt hour on my electricity bill.
I'll give you my grandchildren's future. Had enough?

It isn't just Appalachia, Appalachians or wildlife in the Mississippi River
Basin that is our sacrifice zone for cheap electricity and cheap food. It is our
grandchildren.

Every reader of the book of Genesis for the last 5,000 years has recognized that
Cain was a fool to sell his birthright for a bowl of pottage. Well, at least it
was his birthright to sell.

We are trading our grandchildren's birthright of health and well-being for our
convenience. That is not foolishness. It is sin.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Stanley J. Kabala is associate director of the Center for Environmental
Research and Education at Duquesne University (kabala@duq.edu). The opinions
expressed here are his own./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              694 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                              June 22, 2008 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

CARDS NOTES

BYLINE: By Joe Strauss ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 559 words


MOLINA SITS

Yadier Molina was not in Saturday's lineup after scoring lower than the day
before on a test designed to gauge recovery from concussion.

Reassigned from catcher to designated hitter before hitting a home run in four
at-bats Friday, Molina was not considered for Saturday's start, according to
manager Tony La Russa, though he was available to pinch-hit in an emergency.

Molina sustained what the club called a "mild concussion" in a collision last
Sunday against the Philadelphia Phillies. His status remains vague for Sunday's
series finale.

"I think it's something we expect to be OK. He's improving. But it's not
something we want to risk," said La Russa, theorizing that "it could have been
the stress of playing" that led to Molina's diminished ability to recall a
series of visual images.

La Russa would not rule out Molina as a possible starter at first base Sunday
against a lefthanded pitcher.

CLEMENT TO BULLPEN

The Cardinals were less than thrilled by Matt Clement's rehab start Friday for
Triple-A Memphis against Albuquerque. As a result, the club has decided to
dedicate Clement to a relief role rather than a starting one.

Clement allowed six runs and eight hits in three innings.

More than two years removed from his last major-league appearance due to
shoulder problems that required reconstructive surgery, Clement has nine days
remaining on his 30-day rehab, just enough time for a mid-course correction,
according to general manager John Mozeliak.

"I think we're just going to re-evaluate the rest of the rehab and see if it
makes sense to move him into a bullpen situation," Mozeliak said Saturday night.
"It seems to be clear it's going to be difficult for Matt to contribute as a
starter. There's probably a way we can take the remaining time and give him
three or four appearances out of the pen instead of two starts. We'll see what
we have then."

Clement, originally projected as part of the opening-day rotation, arrived at
spring training with diminished arm strength and has yet to regain his
pre-surgery velocity.

EL HOMBRE ON MEND

Initially projected to miss a minimum three weeks with a left calf strain, first
baseman Albert Pujols is now expected to rejoin the team in Detroit and might be
activated from the disabled list when first eligible Thursday.

La Russa spoke with Pujols on Friday and was encouraged by the player's
improvement from an injury once believed capable of sidelining Pujols through
the All-Star break.

"He feels so good, I told him, 'Your best preparation would be 2 p.m. during
(batting practice),'" La Russa said.

WELLEMEYER CLEARED

Todd Wellemeyer threw well enough during a Saturday morning bullpen session that
La Russa and pitching coach Dave Duncan tentatively projected him to start
Thursday in Detroit. Wellemeyer threw longer and with more intensity than
expected Saturday after being scratched from Thursday's turn against the Kansas
City Royals.

"It felt back to normal. I feel great," Wellemeyer said.

Wellemeyer was diagnosed with elbow inflammation after a difficult June 13
outing vs. Philadelphia.

STICKING WITH FLORES

La Russa insists he isn't backing off on the use of reliever Randy Flores after
the lefthander nearly fumbled away Friday's 4-2 lead during a complicated
seventh inning. "He gives up a base hit, I think it shook him up, and he didn't
challenge" hitters, according to La Russa.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  CARDINALS

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 28, 1994 Thursday

Waist Not   Exhibit on what designers have done   to the waist is hardly
navel-gazing

BYLINE: RHONDA B. SEWELL; GAM

LENGTH: 354 words

DATELINE: New York NY


BY RHONDA B. SEWELL
The Toledo Blade
  New York
A study of the most vulnerable part of the body is on exhibit at the
Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York's Costume Institute.

The recently opened exhibit, which runs through August, is called Waist
Not. It examines the migration of the waist in western European and North
American dress from the 1800s to today.

Ruben Toledo designed the illustrations for a special publication
showing the major garments in the exhibit.

"We've been working on this exhibit for about a year," said Richard
Martin, curator of the institute, in a telephone interview. "We asked
ourselves, 'What's the real critical element of the body that determines
all the others?' That is the waist. It's the most vulnerable area and is
focal to all of the rest of the body."

Anatomically, the waist is the area between the hips and the ribs that
is undefined by a hard body cage. But fashion's idea of the waist has
shifted to areas beyond that anatomical zone. It has gone up and down,
it's been defined diagonally from front to back, and it has even
disappeared entirely.

Seldom does fashion conform to the natural waist. Instead, the waist
has moved.

The exhibit includes the impact of corsets and other body shapers that
diminished the waist and limited mobility in the 19th century.

The exhibit also features items used to extend the appearance of other
body parts to make the waist look smaller, such as 1948 hip pads.

A tape of Jane Fonda's exercise workout video tape plays in the gallery
for visitors to the exhibit.

"Yes, that was intentional because we are featuring the waist," Mr.
Martin said with a chuckle. "Some viewers say it makes them feel guilty."

What the curator finds so interesting about the exhibit is how
designers through various periods either emphasized or diminished the
waistline through clothing design.

"There was the sack dress in the '50s, which showed no definition of
the exterior and was less expensive to make," he said.

There was the tubular movement of dress design during the '60s by
designers such as Pierre Cardin. But during the 1970s and '80s, a variety
of waistline options appeared in clothing.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1994 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             October 6, 2013 Sunday

Deer daze

LENGTH: 256 words


I found Colin McNickle's article concerning the deer herd invasion of suburbia
("Saturday Essay: More deer tales," Sept. 28 and TribLIVE.com) quite
interesting, and the problem appears to be getting worse. How did this happen?

One reason is that Pennsylvania's very large Allegheny National Forest is no
longer hospitable to the deer population. In fact, the yearly invasion of deer
hunters after the Thanksgiving holiday has diminished because of the reduced
deer population.

Because I grew up in Elk County, I have been following since the year 2000 how
the EPA was able to close down the logging industry because of the "so-called"
endangered Indian bat discovery in the area (which has also been found
elsewhere).

Selective logging had been going on for many years with care to preserve the
crop for future generations. With the ban on logging, there are essentially
mature forests with heavy canopies and very few meadows available for the deer,
which are grazers.

The revenue from the hunters has also diminished as well as the culling of the
deer population, which has now shifted to suburbia.

In addition, President Clinton, by executive order before he left office, banned
road building in the national forests, which will make it almost impossible for
the locals to fight fires.

The biggest problem is the fact that these environmental NGOs can regulate at
will and the public has little recourse with their bad decisions. Just another
way that big government can interfere with our pursuit of happiness.

LaVerne Sober

Greensburg

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             May 31, 2007 Thursday
                                 North Edition

ELDERLY DRIVERS SHOULD BE TESTED

SECTION: PASCO TIMES; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 653 words


Anyone who reads the article about young Andrew Nappi's death should be
heartbroken. Andrew was a hard-working, intelligent young man. We've known him
since our sons were in Cub Scouts together. I watched him play Little League and
can remember him running from base to base, his arms and legs going a mile a
minute.

I could not walk into Wendy's without seeing that diligent young man working his
tail off. He was never too busy to say hello and give us a warm smile. He'd ask
about our son, his friend, and say they needed to get together and catch up, but
their busy schedules always seemed to interfere.

However, their days of reminiscing and hanging out are over, ended by an elderly
driver who likely should not have been driving. Whether the 79-year-old driver
did not see him or believed she had the right of way, the result is the same. A
fine young man is dead. He will never get married, have children or raise a
family. All because a driver with diminished driving capabilities was out for an
evening drive.

It is time our legislators here in the state of Florida begin to protect all its
residents. A special series of tests for anyone older than 70 needs to be
implemented immediately. An elderly driver with diminished faculties is just as
dangerous as an impaired driver. Older drivers wielding a 3,000- to 4,000-pound
projectile are as dangerous as someone firing a gun indiscriminately in a room
of people. They don't mean to kill, but they do.

For all our safety as well as their own, get elderly drivers off the road and
begin testing now.

Ted Johns, New Port Richey

Paper delivery just won't stop

I recently telephoned the Sheriff's Office around 9 a.m. about trash continually
being thrown into my yard. I called again at 11:24 a.m. before a deputy arrived.
The trash to which I am referring is a weekly newspaper. I have called the
circulation supervisor on at least six different occasions asking that they not
deposit their product on my property as I have never subscribed to or requested
it. As a result of their noncompliance to my request I continually have the
burden and expense of making a special trip to the property to remove their
trash or face possible issues with my homeowners association.

Deputy S. Schuck arrived about 11:40 a.m. and when I explained my concerns he
appeared quite amused. His response was that it was "freedom of the press."
Maybe I missed something when I went to school, but I don't know where in the
First Amendment that it states you also have the right to dump the garbage that
you have the right to print anywhere that you please. Giving Deputy Schuck the
benefit of the doubt, I asked if I could take my newspapers and throw them in my
neighbor's yard? To that his response was, "What would you like me to do?"

My answer to the deputy was that if he couldn't figure it out then I would just
contact Sheriff White. With that he started to leave, then returned and asked if
I would like his card.

I would have to think that somewhere between littering and illegal dumping that
there is a law that prohibits this continual abuse.

Danny J. Santilli, Hudson

Thank you for supporting troops

My sons and I own and operate the Morgan Funeral Home in New Port Richey.
Through my work with the Community Service Council, I want to say thank you to
the council and its outreach committee for all the work it does and continues to
do with Operation Shoebox for our young men and women in Iraq and Afghanistan.

Through this wonderful program, care boxes for our troops are filled with all
sorts of personal care items and food along with notes of thanks and praise for
their service to their country.

We at Morgan Funeral Home are pleased to be one of the drop off points for
Operation Shoebox items. I also want to give a special thanks to the Lady Lakers
of Beacon Lakes Condos for their generous financial contribution toward the
council's efforts.

Susan Morgan King, New Port Richey

LOAD-DATE: May 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Ran in all editions.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               August 26, 1986, Tuesday, Late City Final Edition

NEW SERIES A BIG TV STEP FOR MOTOWN

BYLINE: By THOMAS MORGAN

SECTION: Section C; Page 16, Column 4; Cultural Desk

LENGTH: 918 words


The producer of ''Sidekicks,'' a new ABC television series scheduled to start
next month, is not one of the big names in the field.

Motown Productions, a division of Motown Industries, is better known for
rhythm-and-blues records and periodic retrospective television musical
extravaganzas. But this year, Motown Productions has ventured into the
television industry with ''Sidekicks,'' a series that deals with a 10-year-old
Eurasian boy who is a master of martial arts. The series is being produced in
association with Walt Disney Productions and it is Motown Productions' first
dramatic network television series.

''I know 'Sidekicks' doesn't sound like something Motown would do, but if one
was trying to have a production company that just does music specials, one
wouldn't be very busy,'' said Suzanne de Passe, the president of Motown
Productions since it became a division of the parent company in 1981.

'Diminished Credibility'

Before 1981, Motown Productions was a department of Motown Industries that
bounced between the company's record and publishing divisions.

''When I took the job, I didn't realize how diminished our credibility was in
the production community,'' Ms. de Passe said. ''Even though we had produced
'Lady Sings the Blues,' 'The Bingo Long Traveling All-Stars and Motor Kings' and
'Mahogany' in the early 70's, no one thought we were really serious about being
in the motion-picture production business.

''When I went to meetings to build relationships with important people in Los
Angeles who were running studios, they were happy to see me when I was
suggesting Diana Ross or Lionel Richie for a movie sound-track project. But when
I went back to discuss a motion-picture deal, they would yawn.''

Judging from Motown Productions' activity this year, there are fewer yawns to be
stifled. The division generated $10 million in productions last year and about
$65 million this year, according to Ms. de Passe.

To Produce Cassettes

Motown Productions has signed production deals or has tentative agreements with
all three commercial television networks, with two cable companies - HBO and
Showtime/The Movie Channel - and with Warner Home Video to produce cassettes
based on the health and nutrition book ''Fit for Life'' and M-G-M and Tri-Star
Pictures to produce feature films, Ms. de Passe said. Also on the drawing
boards, she said, are scripts for 10 feature films, 12 to 15 situation comedies,
8 made-for-television movies and 4 one-hour drama series.

Among those deals is an agreement with King World Productions, owner of the hit
''Wheel of Fortune,'' to produce 195 half-hours of the syndicated show
''Nightlife With David Brenner,'' which will be shown in New York following
ABC's ''Nightline.'' The show will compete with Johnny Carson's ''Tonight'' show
for late-night audiences in some cities.

Motown, which purchased the rights to the Pulitzer Prize-winning book ''Lonesome
Dove'' by Larry McMurtry, is producing a six- to eight-hour western mini-series
based on the book for CBS, Ms. de Passe said.

And an NBC official said last week that that network had signed an agreement
with Motown Productions to develop a two-hour movie tentatively called ''What's
Going On?'' about the life of the late singer Marvin Gaye.

A Creative Consultant

''The strategy, from our standpoint, is to become known as suppliers of all
kinds of software, and that's really what we're up to,'' said Ms. de Passe, 40
years old, a New York native whose office now is in Hollywood. She was hired as
a creative consultant 20 years ago by Berry Gordy Jr., Motown Industries'
founder.

''Signing Ernie Reyes Jr., the star of 'Sidekicks,' was right out of the
philosophy we used in the record business,'' she said. ''Berry Gordy discovered
more superstars than anyone I know. I grew up in that environment, and I know
you can develop talent and market it. Ernie was perceived by our company as
someone with talent who should be on television. We were able to do business
with Disney because we could bring something valuable.''

One of her goals, Ms. de Passe said, has been for the company to get as much
experience in the production business as fast as possible. She hired some of the
best writers and directors in Hollywood. And she sought advice, she said, from
such key agents as Irving Lazar, who had good contacts with companies such as
Disney, MCA, King World and others that could not only help finance deals and
teach the young company aspects of syndication, marketing and film and
video-cassette distribution, but also give Motown Productions an entry into
close-knit Hollywood production circles.

With Disney providing financing and contacts with the networks and sharing
creative control, Motown produced a pilot for ''Sidekicks'' that last season
became one of the one-hour Sunday movies Disney offered on ABC. The pilot,
called ''The Last Electric Knight,'' was successful, and the series is to
premiere Sept. 26.

''I think Motown's largest contribution was putting together the entire package
at its inception,'' said Grant Rosenberg, senior vice president for development
at Walt Disney Productions. ''When it came to selling the series, we were
probably a little more instrumental because we have a greater presence in
prime-time television than Motown does, so we came in with more power. It helps
Motown to come to Disney, especially to get the first series on board. If it is
successful, the next time, hopefully, will be more successful.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo of Suzanne de Passe (AP)

                   Copyright 1986 The New York Times Company


                              699 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             April 27, 2012 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Court rejects drug tests

BYLINE: From staff and wire reports, From staff and wire reports

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 670 words


'No plausible rationale' in case for screening state workers

From staff and wire reports

From staff and wire reports

MIAMI A federal judge declared Gov. Rick Scott's order requiring drug testing
for 85,000 state workers unconstitutional Thursday, saying the governor showed
no evidence of a drug problem at the agencies to warrant the intrusion.

The ruling marks the second blow to Scott's drug testing proposals. The governor
also suspended a state law he supported that required drug testing for welfare
recipients last year after the American Civil Liberties Union filed a lawsuit. A
federal judge in Orlando has temporarily blocked that law.

The ACLU and a government worker's union also challenged Scott's order to drug
test state employees, saying the testing violates the Fourth Amendment by
subjecting state workers to an unreasonable search without adequate suspicion
they used drugs.

Scott, who suspended drug testing for state employees in June, said he will
appeal Thursday's ruling.

"As I have repeatedly explained, I believe that drug testing state employees is
a common-sense means of ensuring a safe, efficient and productive workforce,"
Scott said in a statement. "That is why so many private employers drug test, and
why the public and Florida's taxpayers overwhelmingly support this policy."

State workers in Tampa Bay area communities contacted Thursday agreed with the
court's ruling.

Richard Flamm, a scientist with the Florida Fish and Wildlife Conservation
Commission in St. Petersburg, said a sanctioning of Scott's plan might lead to
an expansion of state powers.

"When you open the door so the government can test state workers for drugs, why
stop there?" Flamm asked. "Then the government can test anywhere."

Richard Cantin, an environmental specialist with the Department of Health in
Sarasota, said state employees undergo criminal background checks before they
are hired. Those checks should indicate whether potential employees have drug
problems, he said.

"I haven't noted any issues with abuse of drugs with any of my colleagues,"
Cantin said.

"Everything is very professional. We're here because we really care about the
state and about public service."

Attorneys for the governor's office had argued there is adequate statistical
evidence in years of national studies about workplace drug use and its dangers
to justify the order. They also reasoned that employees aren't being forced to
take state jobs and that they can find employment elsewhere if they don't want
to be drug tested.

Scott's attorneys also cited state laws requiring some state employees under
certain circumstances to make financial disclosures or provide open access to
public records, arguing all state employees have diminished privacy interests
regarding drug testing.

"But the Governor's reasoning is hardly transparent and frankly obscure," U.S.
District Judge Ursula Ungaro wrote. "He offers no plausible rationale explaining
why the fact that a state employee's work product and financial status are
publicly accessible leads to the conclusion that the employee's expectation of
privacy in his or her bodily functions and fluids is then diminished."

The ACLU and the workers union said that in 2010, only 46 of the 85,000 workers
in question were subjected to drug testing because of suspicion they were using
drugs -- about five one-hundredths of 1 percent. Most were in the corrections
and juvenile justice departments, and most were found to be drug-free.

In 2009, only four of more than 4,700 workers tested were found positive for
drugs.

"There never was any evidence that state employees used drugs more than any
other group, so this was a case of using hard-working state employees to score
political points," said Alma Gonzalez, an attorney for the American Federation
of State, County and Municipal Employees.

Information from The Associated Press and Tribune reporter Mike Salinero was
used in this report.

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              700 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 16, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Walk a little, lose the weight

BYLINE: Nanci Hellmich, Liz Szabo and Sharon Jayson

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 535 words


Calorie-cutting,

a six-legged

pest and

diminished

marital bliss

-- all in the

Better Life

health blog.

This is the third week of our annual USA TODAY Weight-Loss Challenge, and this
week we profiled Ebony Lugo, 23, of New York City. She has lost almost 50
pounds. In the beginning, she says, "I started walking on a path in the Bronx
and around my neighborhood. I lost 5 pounds immediately." Read her full story at
dietchallenge.usatoday.com.

Moderate to vigorous exercise burns calories, but lighter-intensity activities
done throughout the day do, too, says endocrinologist James Levine of the Mayo
Clinic in Rochester, Minn. Levine, co-author of Move a Little, Lose a Lot, with
Selene Yeager, says that doing even a little more can add up. His advice:

*For office workers. Walk more at work. Take three 15-minute walks during the
workday. Take a walk when you get to work, one at lunch and one in midafternoon.
Keep track of this on a chart on your desk or on your refrigerator at home.

*For travelers. Weave three 15-minute walks into your day. Pace at the airport
or while waiting for meetings to begin, take a quick walk at lunch, and walk
around the hotel when you get back to your room at night. -- Nanci Hellmich

New lotion gets rid of head lice

The Food and Drug Administration has approved a new treatment for head lice, a
pest that affects more than 1 million children each year and which has become
increasingly resistant to older therapies. The new drug, benzyl alcohol lotion,
was approved for use on those 6 months of age and older.

Two studies examined a total of 628 people who received either a placebo or two
10-minute treatments, one week apart. Two weeks after the second treatment, more
than 75% of people given the benzyl alcohol lotion were lice-free, the FDA says.

Although the FDA found benzyl alcohol to be safe, some people who used it
developed skin, scalp or eye irritations. Some also developed numbness in the
areas where the lotion was spread. Using this lotion on premature babies can
cause serious problems, such as seizure, coma or death, the FDA says.

Some parents have become concerned about the safety of older treatments, which
use pesticides that can be absorbed through the skin. -- Liz Szabo

Kids can take toll on marital happiness

Having children comes with a cost, and it's not only financial, according to a
new study that found 90% of couples experienced decreased marital satisfaction
after their first child's birth.

Researchers from the University of Denver and Texas A&M University studied 218
couples for eight years and found that even though childless couples also show
diminished marital bliss over time, those with children had a bigger decline,
particularly during adjustment to parenthood right after the birth.

The study, published the Journal of Personality and Social Psychology, found
that some of the 436 individuals said their relationships were stronger
post-birth. Those couples who had been married longer or who had higher incomes
had fewer marital problems associated with kids than those with lower incomes or
shorter unions.

The researchers say the findings don't mean children harm overall life
happiness; there's just more post-baby stress. -- Sharon Jayson

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Photodisc
PHOTO, B/W, Vincent S. Smith, University of Glasgow

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 15, 2006 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Democrats Asserting Bush Has Diminished U.S. Safety

BYLINE: By CARL HULSE; Marjorie Connelly contributed reporting for this article.

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 973 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 14


After being outmaneuvered in the politics of national security in the last two
elections, Democrats say they are determined not to cede the issue this year and
are working to cast President Bush as having diminished the nation's safety.

''They are not Swift boating us on security,'' said Representative Nancy Pelosi
of California, the Democratic leader in the House.

Seeking to counter White House efforts to turn the reported terrorist plot in
Britain to Republican advantage, Democrats are using the arrests of the suspects
to try to show Americans how the war in Iraq has fueled Islamic radicalism and
distracted Mr. Bush and the Republican Congress from shoring up security at
home. They say they intend to drive that message home as the nation observes the
coming anniversaries of Hurricane Katrina and the Sept. 11 attacks.

But they are not waiting. A video Monday on the Web site of the Democratic
Senatorial Campaign Committee showed footage of Osama bin Laden, referred to an
increase in terror attacks, highlighted illegal immigration and pointed out the
nuclear aspirations of Iran and North Korea.

''Feel safer?'' it concludes. ''Vote for change.''

In another example, Representative Harold E. Ford Jr., a Democrat running for
the Senate in Tennessee, issued a statement Monday noting that the
administration shut down a C.I.A. unit dedicated to pursuing Mr. bin Laden. The
administration has said that the C.I.A. shut down the unit as part of a
restructuring of its counterterrorism division and that the move did not
diminish its focus on Al Qaeda and its leaders.

''The president told us that the British attacks are a stark reminder that the
nation is at war with Islamic fascists who will use any means to destroy those
of us who love freedom,'' Mr. Ford said, ''yet his administration has dismantled
the very infrastructure that is responsible for catching those terrorists.''

Those statements and others challenging Republicans head-on over antiterror
initiatives are a sharp contrast to Democrats' actions in the two previous
elections, when they stumbled in the face of Republican efforts to paint them as
weak. Democrats say polls show that Republicans and Mr. Bush have lost stature
on the subject on terrorism as Americans have become disillusioned with the war
in Iraq. They also believe that more voters are able to separate the war from
efforts to protect the nation against terror attacks.

''During the 2002 and 2004 elections, Republicans tried to sow fear in the
American public by claiming that they were the only ones who could keep America
safe,'' Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, the Democratic leader, said in an e-mail
message to supporters. ''This from the same crowd that has driven Iraq to the
brink of disaster, left Osama Bin Laden on the loose to attack again and
continues to ignore our security needs at home.''

Republicans said they believed that the Democratic efforts would fizzle and that
voters would ultimately choose to trust Republicans on the issue of security.
And Mr. Bush, in remarks at the State Department on Monday, disputed the notion
that his policies had contributed to a more dangerous world.

''Some say that America caused the current instability in the Middle East by
pursuing a forward strategy of freedom, yet history shows otherwise,'' Mr. Bush
said, ticking off terror attacks that occurred in the United States, Africa and
elsewhere long before he took office.

Democrats say that such comments may have had power in the past, but that
Republicans are no longer getting the benefit of the doubt. They were heartened
this past weekend when leaders of the Sept. 11 commission said the war in Iraq
was draining resources that could be put to domestic defense.

Other Democrats say the administration's initial support of a business deal that
would have allowed a Dubai company to assume control of parts of some seaport
terminals was a turning point in the public's view of Mr. Bush's credibility on
national security. As a result, they say they are advising candidates to respond
quickly and with force to Republican attacks.

While a new poll by Newsweek showed a rise in Mr. Bush's public approval rating
on security issues in the aftermath of the arrests in Britain, the latest
nationwide CBS News Poll, conducted Aug. 11 to 13, found that the recent threat
had had little effect on the public's view of the president and the two
political parties.

The war in Iraq remains the most important issue facing the country, the poll
shows, but terrorism has re-emerged as a major issue for many Americans, cited
by 17 percent, up from 7 percent last month. The latest CBS poll showed no
change in Mr. Bush's job approval rating, which is at 36 percent, the same as in
a New York Times/CBS News poll last month. His approval rating on handling
terrorism, long a central element of his political strength, also remained
unchanged at 51 percent.

While Republicans are still seen as doing a better job than Democrats in
handling terrorism, the difference in the latest CBS poll is now about 8 points,
about the same as a month ago, compared to the 25-point advantage Republicans
held on the question four years ago. The telephone poll was conducted with 974
adults and has a margin of sampling error of plus or minus three percentage
points.

Representative Rahm Emanuel of Illinois, chairman of the Democratic
Congressional Campaign Committee, said such findings reinforced his view that
Mr. Bush had failed to blend the Iraq war and antiterrorism in the public's
mind. Mr. Emanuel said that Mr. Bush's public standing was cemented in the
aftermath of Hurricane Katrina and that Republican efforts to improve the
president's image by emphasizing terror could not overcome the damage done by
the bungled response to the storm.

''Katrina equals competency,'' he said.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Images from the Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              702 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 29, 1998 Tuesday

Clouds linger over oil patch fortunes  But price discount of heavy crude
compared with light oil has diminished as demand picks up

BYLINE: JEFFREY JONES Reuters News Agency; REUT

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS; Pg. B30

LENGTH: 570 words

DATELINE: Calgary


The price discount of Canadian heavy crude compared with light oil has
diminished over a summer of strong demand and tightening supply, but some
analysts warn clouds that have darkened producer fortunes still linger.

Heavy oil has become more valuable in recent months -- thanks to strong demand
from U.S. refiners for the manufacture of asphalt, and less supply as producers
opted to shut down higher-cost wells.

"For Canadian producers, it's been a bit of a relief from a bad situation
earlier in the year, but I think there will be seasonal effects once the asphalt
season is beyond us," said Steve Kelly, crude oil markets analyst with Pervin &
Gurtz in Calgary.

That would mean wider price spreads again after the autumn, although few
analysts believe the industry was set for a return of last winter's deep
discounts of more than $7 (U.S.) a barrel less than the price of light crude.

Heavy oil such as Lloydminster blend was recently fetching about $4 a barrel
below benchmark West Texas intermediate crude in trade for October. That
represented a $2.75-a-barrel improvement since May, when a host of producers
were in the throes of shutting in production and postponing major heavy oil
initiatives.

This week, the supply situation has tightened considerably and many traders and
industry experts believe about 100,000 barrels a day of production is currently
shut in as a corporate reaction to the erosion in returns.

But even with the reduced discounts, West Texas prices, which hovered at not
much more than $13 a barrel all summer, meant heavy oil was still dirt cheap.

Recent moves by companies aiming to cut costs that are often higher than returns
include Calgary-based PanCanadian Petroleum Ltd.'s plans to spin its
smaller-reserve heavy-oil production off into a wholly owned subsidiary and
Denver-based Gulf Canada Resources Ltd.'s efforts to market some heavy-crude
properties after postponing indefinitely a planned initial public offering of
its heavy-oil division.

Other factors cited for the recent narrower spread include less Venezuelan and
Mexican heavy crude available in the United States after this year's Riyadh Pact
production cuts and Calgary-based IPL Energy Inc.'s pending need for 3.1 million
barrels of Canadian oil as line fill for its new Terrace expansion pipeline into
the U.S. Midwest market.

The better conditions have led some Canadian producers to take a few tentative
steps toward boosting heavy output again. PanCanadian spokesman Alan Boras said
his company plans to restart up to 2,500 b/d of lower-cost production over the
next few months, representing about half of what is now shut in.

Ranger Oil Ltd., also of Calgary, which earlier this year reduced its heavy oil
production to about 15,000 b/d from 20,000, is also bringing more output back
into service.

"With the improved differentials, we are starting up a few wells. I wouldn't say
we're going to do much more than maintain our production levels," said Ranger
vice-president Mike Langley. "We had been allowing our production to decline by
not servicing wells, but now we're servicing wells."

One analyst with a Canadian brokerage said he believed the tide has turned for
heavy production, saying now is the time to buy. "I think that people will be
scrambling for heavy oil all winter, and differentials are likely to remain a
lot narrower than what you might think," said Scott Inglis of Calgary-based
FirstEnergy Capital Corp.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             August 14, 2005 Sunday

Breeding loyalty by birth?

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 695 words


Should the children of illegal immigrants, born on U.S. soil, be granted
American citizenship?

The Beyond Borders Blog took up that question this week after Rep. Tom Tancredo,
R-Colo., suggested that those children ought to be considered illegal
immigrants, just like their parents.

Admittedly, that would eliminate the dangerous incentive for foreign women to
sneak across our border while pregnant. But it would also result in hundreds of
thousands of children who, upon reaching adolescence and adulthood, live within
the United States as illegal immigrants rather than full citizens.

These children will exist outside the law, outside our democratic system, and
will face deportation from the only country they have ever known or lived in.
Meanwhile, they will have a significantly diminished stake in the country's
future and diminished loyalty to America and its values.

The longer we live with a large population of illegal immigrants in our midst,
the more grave the threat we face from an unassimilated population that
understandably lacks full loyalty to America.

Unfortunately, it isn't easy to solve this problem for the illegal immigrants
here right now. Deporting them is politically impossible. Slowly making their
lives more difficult may cause some to leave, but will hasten the disaffection
felt by others. Granting amnesty will reward breaking our laws and encourage
future illegal immigration.

There is no option without significant costs.

Thankfully, we don't face that dilemma when it comes to the children of illegal
immigrants who are born on American soil. If we eliminate citizenship by
birthright, however, that will change. Looking ahead, I'd rather have hundreds
of thousands of loyal, assimilated Americans in our midst.

Californians aren't the only ones worried about immigration, as numerous items
this week attest. Stories I linked from illegal immigrants arrested for
trespassing in New Hampshire to a backlash against immigrants on Long Island to
Utah swearing in its first-ever immigration judge demonstrate that the topic has
emerged as a national issue as it never has for this generation of Americans.

In Southern California, that played out at an anti-illegal immigration forum in
Carlsbad on Thursday. Beyond Borders Blog covered the protests outside, our ears
ringing as we listened to open borders advocates and anti-illegal immigration
protesters shouting at one another through scores of police officers.
Unfortunately, we reported, both sides assumed suspect motives drove their
opponents' activism, making any productive discourse on immigration impossible.

Readers helped debate numerous facets of immigration policy this week,
particularly the question of whether the United States should treat prospective
immigrants the same no matter their country of origin, or favor immigrants from
some countries while discouraging immigrants from others.

Reader Keith Harris suggested the following: "Both our history and our social
structure necessitate that citizenship be granted based solely on an applicant's
allegiance to our core beliefs. An applicant's country of origin cannot be at
issue in this process, if we are to remain true to our original ideal.'

Our gut tells us to agree, yet we're torn. As a thought experiment, we posted
several scenarios in which we might want to discriminate on the basis of
national origin. For example, imagine a foreign nation began a large-scale
program to send immigrants to our country as spies. If we couldn't reliably
distinguish between spies and nonspies from that country, might we legitimately
decide to limit the immigration of their citizens entirely?

We'll discuss this issue further on the blog, and we'd love to hear your
thoughts.

Of course, these are just a fraction of the items we've posted this week.
There's lots more news, analysis and opinion updated several times daily, so
link up to our Beyond Borders Blog at www.sbsun.comand send your tips, feedback,
suggestions or opinions toconor.friedersdorf@dailybulletin.com. Question of the
Week: What should be done about the more than 10 million illegal immigrants
living in the United States?

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              704 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     March 28, 2000, Tuesday, Home Edition

Recreation authority shifts focus;
 Plan to borrow $ 2.5 million for arcade near Turner Field sparks criticism.

BYLINE: Alfred Charles, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: News; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 822 words

The Atlanta-Fulton County Recreation Authority plans to borrow $ 2.5 million to
develop a miniature golf course and arcade next to Turner Field by July, despite
concerns the attraction won't draw customers who live outside the impoverished
Summerhill neighborhood.

At least one authority board member suggested the idea will experience the same
difficulties attracting crowds as Underground Atlanta. Tourism officials predict
the facility, a few feet away from a liquor and convenience store, won't get
much business from visitors to the city.

The role of the recreation authority, created in 1960 to manage Atlanta's
major-league sports venues, has diminished greatly since the construction of
Turner Field and Philips Arena --- both managed by the Turner organization.

Authority officials contend the miniature golf course proposal is part of a new
mandate to create and manage recreation activities that appeal to families and
children. This mission includes continued pursuit of an aquarium for Atlanta.

In 1998, the authority temporarily discontinued a policy of giving away free
tickets to sporting events to its own members and to city and county elected
officials, after reports in The Journal-Constitution that at least two City
Council members traded their tickets for perks, including free travel and a cell
phone.

Less than a year later, the authority changed its policy again to allow free
access to Turner Field and Philips Arena for the same officials for business
purposes, such as economic development.

The ticket incident, coupled with the authority's diminished role, spurred talk
by Fulton state legislators to abolish the panel.

The latest recreation authority plans are for a vacant lot across from Turner
Field on Hank Aaron Drive, where it wants to build a family entertainment center
that could open as early as July.

The 12,000-square-foot facility would have an 18-hole miniature golf course,
nine batting cages, an arcade, slides, swings and a water play area.

Davetta Johnson Mitchell, the executive director of the recreation authority,
said the agency is securing a $ 2.5 million loan from Wachovia to build the
center.

Authority representatives are to appear in Fulton County Superior Court today to
have the borrowing plans validated, a routine procedure when public agencies
incur debt for such projects.

The authority would use $ 2.1 million to build the center. The remaining $
400,000 would be used to acquire land as a buffer between the facility and
nearby homes and businesses. The authority acquired the site during preparations
for the Olympics before Turner Field was built.

The projected revenues from the facility will secure the loan. Sportexe, a
Canadian firm that has offices in Florida, would construct the miniature golf
course.

"It will be the only miniature golf course in Atlanta-Fulton County," board
Chairman Thomas W. Dortch Jr. said Monday during the authority's monthly
meeting. "I think it will work."

Fulton County Commissioner Tom Lowe suggested otherwise in a heated exchange
with his fellow authority board members.

"I see virtually zero draw for the Northside," said Lowe, whose county
commission district includes Buckhead and Sandy Springs. "If the money is in the
neighborhood to support it, it will be a success. But I don't see anyone from
Sandy Springs or Buckhead going there. I just don't see it."

Said Bill Howard, spokesman for the Atlanta Convention and Visitors Bureau: "As
a tourism attraction, it would be something of a stretch."

The recreation authority hired a team of Orlando-based consultants, Fugleberg
Koch Architects and Group One Productions, to evaluate the idea.

The consultants concluded the project could be a success based on the operations
of what they said was a similar facility opened in 1990 elsewhere in the South.
But their feasibility report did not name the facility or identify where it was
located.

Authority officials said Turner Field drew 3 million visitors last year. They
contended many of those same patrons would flock to the proposed entertainment
center, too.

The Summerhill neighborhood is staging a comeback with a fresh crop of
suburban-style apartments and single-family homes. But the area is still beset
by an abundance of liquor stores, abandoned buildings, burned-out residences and
a perception that it is unsafe.

Johnson Mitchell told the authority board that Summerhill residents
overwhelmingly support the idea.

"It would be a good idea if it's geared toward the children," said Nancy Smith,
manager of the nearby Capitol Avenue apartment homes. "It's just a vacant lot
now that needs to be utilized."

But Sharon Collins, president of Neighborhood Planning Unit V, which includes
the area, said her group has not seen the details.

"It's inconsiderate to have something of this magnitude come up without talking
to us," Collins said. "I'm disappointed."

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Map
FIELD ATTRACTION
The Atlnata Fulton County Recreation Authority is set to borrow $ 2.5 million to
build an entertainment complex across from Turner Field that will include a
miniature golf course and arcade. Inlaid map highlights area in relation to
metro Atlanta / CHUCK BLEVINS / Staff
 Graphic
ATLANTA-FULTON RECREATION AUTHORITY
The Atlanta-Fulton Recreation Authority was created March 17, 1960, to help
finance and manage the venues for the city's new big-league sports teams:
Atlanta-Fulton County Stadium and the Omni.
Since the demolition of those facilities in the past three years, the
authority's role and budget have diminished greatly.
The authority still monitors Turner Field, Philips Arena and Zoo Atlanta, but
the Turner organization has day-to-day responsibility over the sports stadium
and arena. The zoo's daily operation is run by another group.
The recreation authority has issued $ 72 million in revenue bonds to oversee
public improvements outside Philips Arena.
Authority members came under fire in 1998 after the Journal-Constitution
reported that some of them were giving free sports tickets to city and county
politicians that, in at least two instances, were traded for perks and other
goods. Though the ticket freebies have since been abolished by both the city and
county governments, the authority still offers free access to sports venues for
its members for certain purposes, including economic development.
An effort in 1998 by a legislator in the General Assembly to do away with the
recreation authority failed.
Authority members, who are not paid for their service, are appointed by the city
of Atlanta and Fulton County commissioners.
Current board members are: Chairman Thomas W. Dortch Jr., state Rep. Douglas
Dean (D-Atlanta), Fulton County Commissioners Michael Hightower and Tom Lowe,
and citizen representatives C.T. Vivian, Lottie Watkins, Lou Zakas, Linda Jordan
and David Minkin.
Former Atlanta City Councilwoman Davetta Johnson Mitchell is paid $ 104,942 as
the authority's executive director; Fulton County Manager Thomas Andrews is paid
$ 12,000 as secretary; and Atlanta Chief Operating Officer Larry Wallace is paid
$ 12,000 as treasurer.
Photo
Officials hope to convert this site into a downtown tourist attraction. But
critics say the tourists won't come. / BEN GRAY / Staff

                    Copyright 2000 The Atlanta Constitution


                              705 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           August 22, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Going for that finishing touch

BYLINE: Jorge L. Ortiz, USA TODAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 600 words


In the unlikely event that Stephen Drew returns to his 2008 form in the final
six weeks of this season, the Oakland Athletics will have acquired a top-notch
shortstop who can energize their flawed lineup with his extra-base-hit ability
-- and for the price of a middling prospect.

If not, he's still better than what Oakland had at the position.

By obtaining Drew from the Arizona Diamondbacks in a swap completed late Monday,
the A's hope they have bolstered their chances in a surprising chase for a
playoff spot after failing to make any moves before the July 31 non-waiver trade
deadline.

Other teams are seeking similar boosts, be it by calling up top minor leaguers,
trading for players who have cleared waivers -- as was the case with Drew, who
was batting .193 in 40 games with the Diamondbacks -- or claiming players on
waivers.

The Texas Rangers already have summoned corner infielder Mike Olt and are
considering promoting 19-year-old infielder Jurickson Profar. The Los Angeles
Dodgers on Tuesday reinstated hard-throwing right-hander Rubby De La Rosa, who
missed a year after having Tommy John elbow surgery. The San Francisco Giants
are looking for an outfielder to fill the void left by suspended outfielder
Melky Cabrera.

In the case of the A's, they're searching for more production from a middle of
the infield that, until Tuesday, included .198-hitting Cliff Pennington as the
regular shortstop and Jemile Weeks as the second baseman. Weeks, who was batting
.220 and had the second-lowest slugging percentage in the American League at
.302, was optioned to Class AAA Sacramento.

Drew, coming back from a gruesome ankle injury that sidelined him from July 21,
2011, until June 27, had not been much more productive offensively but has a
better track record.

Drew enjoyed a breakout season in 2008, batting .291 with 44 doubles, 11
triples, 21 homers and 67 RBI while playing in Arizona for Bob Melvin, who is
now the A's manager.

"I've seen this guy be an all-around player in that he can defend, he swings the
bat well, he drives the ball, he knocks in runs, he's a guy you can move around
in the lineup," Melvin said. "In talking to him late last night, he really felt
he's starting to swing the bat well and has hit into some tough luck recently."

Drew, 29, put together four consecutive years of at least 12 home runs and 60
RBI before his season-ending ankle break.

Earlier this season, Diamondbacks owner Ken Kendrick expressed frustration with
how long it was taking Drew to return to the lineup. Drew's diminished
production once he got back, along with his status as an impending free agent,
prompted Arizona to make him available. In exchange, the Diamondbacks got
infielder Sean Jamieson, who was batting .234 at Class A Burlington (Vt.).

The A's pursued Drew at the deadline but deemed the cost  too high. His value
diminished with his  average, and the rest of the season presents a chance for
Drew to re-establish his worth.

"I'm looking forward to being a part of it," Drew said of the A's. "It's the
same thing with Arizona last year. Nobody thought they were going to be there,
and we pulled it out."

For the A's to earn a playoff bid, they'll probably have to retain the fighting
spirit that has resulted in a major league-high 13 walk-off wins. Their
chemistry has been tested by the Aug.3 trade that sent catcher Kurt Suzuki to
the Washington Nationals and now by the acquisition of Drew and the demotion of
Weeks.

"You could bring in the worst bad apple in the big leagues, and it's not going
to mess up this clubhouse," veteran Brandon Inge said. "He's going to love it
here."

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             March 16, 2010 Tuesday

Skinny Vogue a sign of hard times for trappers

BYLINE: Mark Blazis

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 774 words


COLUMN: OUTDOORS

Some local trappers say that when Vogue magazine is fat, fur prices rise. Recent
issues and their fur advertising seem to have decreased more to the proportions
of the models inside - skinnier and less furry.

Furs are luxury statements, conveying comfort and status, both of which have
diminished in our floundering economy. Recent warm winters, along with anti-fur
radicals, haven't helped fur sales, either.

Worcester distinctively possesses our region's last independent fur salon. With
a loyal following for 53 years, Furs by Michael at 500 Pleasant St. amazingly
outlasted Boston's last independent fur store, I.J. Foxx. Today, most furs are
sold in large, high-end department stores like Neiman Marcus, Sax Fifth Avenue
and Bloomingdales.

Furs by Michael notes major changes in the fur industry, especially new fashions
made possible by techniques nonexistent 20 years ago. Today, furs are often
sheared, grooved or dyed, and ranch - not wild mink - is the No. 1 seller.

It's been a long time since the fur market was kind to trappers. Back in the
1970s, you could pick up road-kill raccoons worth $20 to $30 and help pay a
mortgage or college tuition with your efforts. Trappers can't rely on their
pelts to pay the bills anymore.

Respected fur market analyst Parker Dozhier reports that most furriers have
small inventories, both in volume and variety, often limited to just fox and
beaver. Key players in the market are cold-weather buyers, especially China,
Russia, Korea and Greece. Europeans tend to prefer long-haired furs. China has
become a major fur garment maker. Temporarily rich Russia recently had an
insatiable appetite for fur. But both countries have problems, with Russians not
being able to afford fur and Chinese manufacturers consequently going out of
business.

What can local trappers expect to earn from wary fur buyers who worry about
holding unsold inventory? Many, like Malcolm Speicher of Spencer, president of
the Massachusetts Trappers Association, wait to see what pelts bring at the
North American Fur Auctions (NAFA.com). Figures are in for the early January Fur
Harvester Auction. Beaver trappers - who are most affected by the demands of
furriers in New York, Montreal, and Europe - averaged $18 a pelt this year.

Muskrat pelts, common in Worcester County and once a major factor in our local
fur sales, brought an average $7.45. Prices are largely dependent on Korea and
China. Until the 1950s, muskrat was important locally because it could be made
to resemble wild mink. Then came ranch mink and prices sank. The muskrat boom
fizzled.

Historically, much of the best wild mink has often gone to fashion houses in
Italy. Those premium pelts averaged $10. Ranched mink has deflated wild mink
prices, largely because China alone raises over 40 million mink a year on farms.

Raccoons in recent years have been bought mostly by Russians, who love long fur.
Dozhier points to half a million unsold skins that depressed prices. Pelts
averaged between $14 and $20.

Fashion changes. Seventy years ago, those in style wore raccoon coats.
Millionaires like Worcester's Davis Crompton attended Harvard football games
always wearing one. It enabled him to drive his convertible with the top down,
even in the middle of winter. On exceptionally cold days, my wife still wears
the incomparably warm raccoon coat her grandmother gave her. Though initially
costly, furs can outlast a lifetime, if properly cared for.

Otter, with the highest durability of all furs, is taken locally in relatively
small numbers. The best dark pelts brought from $40 to $55. Red fox pelts
averaged $22. Gray fox wasn't even listed, and projections at other auctions are
only $8. Coyote has a small market. What a surprise considering its popularity
in the '80s and '90s. Thousands of pelts remain unsold. They averaged $19. The
most luxurious of all our local fur bearers, the fisher, currently more abundant
than ever, averaged $32.

But fashion trends are changing. Despite Johnny Weir, our Olympic figure skater,
recently being threatened by anti-fur forces for wearing fox trim, fashion
designers such as Prada, Oscar de la Renta and Diana Von Furstenberg are putting
fur into their fall collections in a fashion splash not seen in decades. Fur
sales and prices are likely to rise dramatically.

But even if world fur prices skyrocket, we no longer have many trappers to
benefit. An entire generation of lore and skill has been lost. Local trappers
who once could both take care of problem animals and harvest a perennially
valuable resource are, for the most part, history.

Mark Blazis can be reached by e-mail at markblazis@charter.net

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Some local trappers say that when Vogue magazine is fat, fur prices
rise. Recent issues and their fur advertising seem to have decreased more to the
proportions of the models inside - skinnier and less furry. Furs are luxury
statements, conveying comfort and status, both of which have diminished in our
floundering economy. Recent warm winters, along with anti-fur radicals, haven't
helped fur sales, either.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            December 2, 2011 Friday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

EDITORIAL;
A RISKY CHOICE;
LAUSD SHOULDN'T RETREAT FROM REFORM {SUBHEAD} LAUSD shouldn't retreat from
reform

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 592 words


For the past few years, Los Angeles schools have been a surprising model of
education reform that has been closely observed across the nation.

Los Angeles Unified's revolutionary Public School Choice program opened up
failing and new schools to outside operators. Meanwhile, a Compton school was
the first where parents tried out the state's innovative new Parent Empowerment
Law that gave them tools to completely upend the status quo in historically
failing schools.

It has been an exciting time to be involved in education reform in California.
Hopefully, the momentum won't be sidetracked by a deal announced this week that
all but replaces the innovative School Choice Program with one that keeps
control with the LAUSD.

Superintendent John Deasy and teachers union president Warren Fletcher on
Wednesday jointly announced an agreement that they say will replicate what makes
Public School Choice great, notably charterlike autonomy for schools, but keep
the schools under district operation. As part of the deal, failing schools will
not be put up for bid to outside operators but will have to reform their
education plans. To do that, they will be liberated from district rules and
accorded the same flexibilities in choosing staff and curriculum that outside
bidders had under school choice.

Sounds great, in theory, but it comes at a steep price. What made Public School
Choice such a transformative tool is the competitive aspect that acted as a
lever to force badly needed innovation inside. Without it, the impetus to change
is seriously diminished.

The two-year-old Public School Choice program opened up chronically failing
schools and new campuses to nondistrict management. Each year of the program, a
certain number of schools were put up for bid. Outside operators would pitch an
education plan for a school, and the school board would pick.

Some of the schools went to charter operators. Some went to the mayor's
Partnership for Los Angeles Schools. Some went to groups of teachers.

This idea of putting public schools up for bid for the best educational model
was revolutionary, to say the least. But it was despised by the unions, as their
influence and control at the Public Choice schools were diminished.

Deasy put School Choice on the table Sept. 1, saying he was using it as a
bargaining chip to leverage contract reforms during negotiations with teachers.
He said at the time he was betting that he could extract some serious
educational reforms as part of the process in exchange for reining in School
Choice. Those reforms included merit pay, changes in seniority, and teacher
evaluations that would include student achievement.

If he didn't get serious concessions by Nov. 1, nothing would change, he said.
And the third year of School Choice bidding would commence. Nov. 1 came and
went, and nearly a month later the deal that did emerge to replace Public School
Choice is a question mark. It didn't come with all the teacher reforms Deasy
wanted, though he said he can change evaluations without union approval. And
it's unclear just how effective it will be. Can it take the school district to
the next level? Yes. Will it? Who knows?

The district's failing schools will have to revise their programs or be taken
over by the district. But internal reforms have been tried and have failed for
decades at LAUSD.

Deasy calls this week's deal historic and is optimistic this will be the next
step in education reform. We hope his gamble pays off, because putting aside the
powerful School Choice Program comes at a potentially heavy cost.

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            December 31, 2006 Sunday

UNDERSTANDING YOUR WORLD: FORD'S LEGACY ONE OF HONOR

BYLINE: BILL STEWART

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Pg. B-1

LENGTH: 744 words


Stewart: At great personal cost, Ford healed the nation

This week we mourn the death of Gerald Ford, former president, vice president
and longtime member of Congress. President Ford, or Jerry as he was popularly
known, was living testimony to the fact that honesty and integrity, plus a
modicum of intelligence, are the most important qualities we want in a leader.
(Brilliance is often desirable, but it can be a troublesome asset.) In any
event, in public life, brilliance is trumped by common sense, honesty and, most
of all, by integrity. And those qualities defined President Ford's life. We are
diminished by his passing.

We are diminished not only by his passing, but because at the present time, the
qualities that so distinguished him are so lacking in our national life. Perhaps
that is why Barack Obama, the Democratic senator from Illinois, seems so
attractive. He's civil, he's smart, he's attractive and he radiates honesty. We
can only hope that those qualities will survive the examination that comes with
presidential aspirations.

By contrast, President George Bush, Vice President Dick Cheney and former
Secretary of Defense Donald Rumsfeld seem like soulless cardboard cutouts. Not
one has the character to admit he may have got it wrong about Iraq -- or about
anything else, for that matter. The administration is obsessed with secrecy and
hanging tough. It no longer matters whether we were lied to, or merely misled.
The war has been a disaster. It is not clear if the president or the vice
president recognizes the scale of what has happened. But what is clear is that
they are failed leaders because of it. Neither one rises to the level of the
late President Ford.

Even Henry Kissinger, the brilliant former secretary of state from whom we have
heard quite a lot recently, thinks the war has been a huge mistake. But when in
power, Kissinger could never rise above the limitations of his own enormous but
fragile ego. He was a master of deception, but not leadership, and therefore, in
my view, never rose to the level of greatness.

And let us not confuse honesty and integrity with being nice. As Time magazine
once noted, "leadership is not about being nice. It's about being right and
being strong." Gerald Ford was comfortable in his own skin, and while he may not
always have been right, he was strong and confident. He was also decent. And
yes, he also had the grace of being nice. The country sensed that, which is why
he was precisely the right man to be president in the wake of Richard Nixon's
resignation.

Ford pardoned Nixon, a controversial act that probably cost Ford the election in
1976. There were those who felt it was profoundly wrong and unjust to pardon a
president who was about to be impeached before he resigned and almost certainly
would have been found guilty. What kind of an example did it set if the highest
in the land could avoid the penalties the rest of us would suffer? History has
made a kinder judgment in terms of the national interest. The healing process
the country needed was better served by a pardon than a trial. It was the right
thing to do. I thought so at the time, and I still do.

Ford was blessed with his lifelong partner, Betty Ford. He and his children
found the courage to confront Mrs. Ford over her addiction to alcohol and
painkillers. At the time, he was the president and she was the first lady. Mrs.
Ford at first resisted, but then recognized the truth about her condition and
went into personal rehabilitation. That took great courage. It was also an
astonishing and brave thing to do because it was done in the glare of national
publicity. For the nation, it was an act of leadership, setting a moral example
for the rest of us. She addressed her problem successfully and went on to found
the Betty Ford Clinic in California. In other words, she became a role model.

Ronald Reagan, one of Ford's Republican successors, is quoted in the Wilson
Quarterly (Winter 1994) as noting "to grasp and hold a vision, that is the very
essence of successful leadership -- not only on the movie set where I learned
it, but everywhere." It is not at all clear that Gerald Ford had a profound view
of where the country ought to go. But he did have a profound sense of what the
country needed. In Gerald Ford, what you saw was what you got. And that was what
we needed. He will be deeply missed.

Bill Stewart, a former Foreign Service officer and correspondent for Time
magazine, lives in the Seattle area.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The New Mexican


                              709 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 9, 2011 Saturday

Oakland Tribune editorial: Bills that undermine local officials' authority
should be vetoed

BYLINE: Oakland Tribune editorial © Copyright 2011, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 665 words


THE LAST thing California needs in the middle of a prolonged economic slump and
recurring government budget shortfalls is a slew of costly bills that would tie
the hands of local officials.

Unfortunately, that is just what our dysfunctional Legislature is conjuring up
at the behest of public-employee unions. If the bills reach Gov. Jerry Brown's
desk, he should veto them.


     ·    AB438 -- This bill severely restricts how and when cities can enter
          into contracts with private firms to provide library services.
          Contracting out for services may be the only way cities with tight
          budgets can afford to maintain decent library hours.


The measure would place so many unnecessary roadblocks in the way of private
contracting by cities, that it would be impractical and too costly. The result
is likely to be shorter hours for libraries and even closures in some cases.


     ·    AB455 -- This measure takes away authority from local governments to
          appoint all the members to personnel commissions they have formed and
          gives some of it to labor unions. There is no need for such action.
          State and federal laws, regulations and city codes offer safeguards
          for public employees.


Local officials have a responsibility to deal with employee matters and should
not have their authority diminished.


     ·    SB469 -- This is one more attempt to hinder the establishment of
          big-box "superstores" that have become popular with the public because
          of lower prices and a greater selection of goods.


A decision on whether to grant a permit to a "superstore" like Walmart should be
made by city officials and the public. There is no need to single out a specific
class of stores for added scrutiny.

This bill would force "superstores" to submit a 17-point economic impact
analysis, but excludes large discount membership stores, grocery chains,
shopping malls and other large projects with similar impacts. Such
discrimination is unfair and undermines local land use authority.


     ·    AB506 -- Although it is rare for a city to seek bankruptcy, it may
          become a necessary action of last resort, if the state's economy
          continues to sputter. There are already sufficient regulations under
          Chapter 9 of the federal bankruptcy law without additional legislation
          by the state.


This bill places needless obstacles in the way of cities and creates a bias
against local agencies in favor of labor interests. It would allow a state
commission to intervene to slow down or alter the conditions of a bankruptcy,
most likely to limit labor concessions.

Under the measure, a "neutral" evaluator would be empowered to make
determinations about the adequacy of documents, information and good faith. The
authority of local officials would be diminished by the commission, which is
hardly a neutral party.


     ·    AB646 -- This bill undermines local authority in collective bargaining
          by granting public-employee unions full discretion in seeking
          fact-finding if there is an impasse in contract negotiations.


Many cities already offer mediation and fact-finding, but these decisions should
not be forced upon local officials by employee unions. The result often could be
a delay in contract negotiations and added costs to taxpayers.


     ·    SB931 -- This measure would forbid public agencies from using taxpayer
          money to hire consultants or attorneys to advise the public employer
          on how to minimize or deter public-employee union activities.


The wording of the bill is so vague it could force cities and local agencies to
disclose communications with outside counsel to determine if it was permissible,
which would violate the attorney-client privilege.

Cities should maintain the right to seek outside counsel in dealing with
employee unions without such restrictions by the state.

Gov. Brown displayed a willingness to buck unions by properly vetoing SB104,
which would have allowed labor organizers to create farm worker unions without
an election. We hope he will have the political courage to continue to oppose
other harmful union-backed bills like the ones above and veto them as well.

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: California Gov. Jerry Brown signed the state budget Thursday, June 30,
2011at the state Capitol in Sacramento. (Hector Amezcua/Sacramento Bee/MCT)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                               November 27, 2007

Brooke Astor's Only Son Faces Criminal Charges

BYLINE: David Foxley

LENGTH: 1570 words


Anthony D. Marshall, Brooke Astor's only son, has been indicted on criminal
charges that relate to his handling of his late mother's finances and will,
which was curiously amended in 2002. One of the late Manhattan doyenne's former
lawyers, Francis X. Morrissey Jr., has also been fingered in the case.
According to the Times, the exact details of the case are not yet fully known,
but a Manhattan grand jury has been listening to witness testimonies for a
little over two months.

But the Manhattan District Attorney's office just sent out a press release
(scroll down to read) with a few more details in it. Allegedly, Mr. Marshall
&"took advantage of Mrs. Astor's diminished mental capacity in a scheme to
defraud her out of millions of dollars.&" Additionally, the D.A.'s release
argues that Ms. Astor's only son convinced his mother to sell real estate by
telling her that she was going broke.

Mr. Marshall reportedly left calls from reportersunanswered. Mr. Morrissey, on
the other hand, &"will plead not guilty at his arraignment&" later this week,
according to his lawyer.

As painstakingly detailed in a Vanity Fair article from last December, Mr.
Marshall, 83, and his wife, Charlene, have been at fierce odds with several of
his late mother's closest friends-namely, Annette de la Renta and David
Rockefeller, who spoke just before Mr. Marshall at Ms. Astor's funeral in
August. She was 105 when she died.

Ms. Astor's estate, not surprisingly, amounts to no small potatoes. It's valued
at about $132 million, and that doesn't even include an additional $60 million
trust.

One of the central issues of the case brought against the two men reportedly
involves the consummate socialite's beloved painting, Flags, Fifth Avenue, by
Childe Hassam, which was sold for $10 million, leaving part of Ms. Astor's
living room wall heartbreakingly bare. For his work on the sale, Mr. Marshall
pocketed some $2 million.

Here's the release from the Manhattan District Attorney's Office:


DISTRICT ATTORNEY - NEW YORK COUNTY

NEWS RELEASE                    Contact:  Barbara ThompsonNovember 27, 2007
212-335-9400

Manhattan District Attorney Robert M. Morgenthau announced today that Brooke
Astor's son ANTHONY MARSHALL and an attorney, FRANCIS MORRISSEY, have been
indicted for swindling Mrs. Astor out of millions of dollars and valuable
property, inducing her to sign a codicil to her 2002 will, and for having her
execute a third codicil, which was later discovered to be a forgery so that they
could enrich themselves at the expense of Mrs. Astor's intended beneficiaries.

Specifically, the indictment charges that MARSHALL and MORRISSEY took advantage
of Mrs. Astor's diminished mental capacity in a scheme to defraud her and others
out of millions of dollars.  MARSHALL abused his power of attorney and convinced
Mrs. Astor to sell property by falsely telling her that she was running out of
money.  He is charged with stealing money from her, as well as stealing valuable
artwork from her Park Avenue apartment.  He and MORRISSEY are both charged with
taking advantage of Mrs. Astor's diminished mental capacity by conspiring to
induce her to execute a second and third codicil to her will. MORRISSEY is
charged with forging or participating in the forging of Mrs. Astor's signature
on the third codicil to her will.

ANTHONY MARSHALL will be arraigned today; FRANCIS MORRISSEY will be arraigned
later this week.

The investigation leading to today's indictment began after one of MARSHALL's
sons moved for the appointment of a guardian for his grandmother. A
court-appointed attorney for Mrs. Astor in that proceeding observed that Mrs.
Astor's purported signature on the third codicil appeared suspicious and, after
conferring with a handwriting expert, referred the case to the District
Attorney's Office.

The investigation by the District Attorney's office revealed that MARSHALL had
been his mother's salaried financial advisor for many years.  As far back as
2001, Mrs. Astor's physicians informed MARSHALL that his mother was suffering
from Alzheimer's disease and that her ability to understand complex issues was
limited and made it clear that his mother's mental condition would be
degenerative.  In early 2002, Mrs. Astor executed a new will and in December of
2003, a first codicil, both of which were prepared by her long-time attorney.

The investigation further revealed that in January 2004, the defendants
conspired to fire Mrs. Astor's long-time attorney and have her sign a second
codicil to her 2002 will.  This codicil left MARSHALL her residuary estate
outright, thereby changing her long-standing estate plan that this money would
ultimately go to charity.  Shortly after the second codicil was executed, both
defendants conspired to have Mrs. Astor sign a third codicil which directed that
her real property be sold, resulting in higher executor fees for each defendant.
These codicils were drafted by another attorney hired by MARSHALL and MORRISSEY,
who has not been charged with a crime.  MORRISSEY has been charged with
participating in the forgery of  Mrs. Astor's signature to the third codicil.

In addition to conspiracy and false filing charges related to a cross-petition
filed by MARSHALL in the guardianship hearing as well as offering the second
codicil to Mrs. Astor's 2002 will into probate after her death, MARSHALL has
been charged with grand larceny and falsifying business records.  The indictment
charges that MARSHALL falsely informed his mother that she was running out of
money in order to induce her to sell one of her favorite paintings (&"Up the
Avenue from Thirty-Fourth Street, May 1917&" by Childe Hassam).  Rather than
sell the painting at auction, in March 2002 the defendant sold it through a
private gallery for $10 million and took a $2 million commission on the sale.
The defendant is charged with Grand Larceny in the First Degree for stealing
that $2 million commission.

MARSHALL is also charged with stealing in excess of $600,000 from his mother by
using her money to pay expenses associated with Cove End, an estate originally
owned by his mother in Mount Desert, Maine.  The investigation revealed that
although  MARSHALL convinced his mother to give him Cove End in May 2003, within
six months he quietly transferred the property to his wife, Charlene.  After the
property was transferred to Charlene Marshall in November 2003, and after it
became clear that Mrs. Astor's health prevented her from returning to the
property, MARSHALL used his mother's money, without her knowledge, to pay for
expenses at the estate.  From December 2003 to July 2006 MARSHALL stole $600,000
from his mother's accounts to pay for the upkeep of the Maine estate.

In addition, MARSHALL, after consulting with MORRISSEY, used his mother's money
to pay himself an unauthorized retroactive salary increase in 2005 (from
$450,000 to approximately $1.4 million); used his mother's money to pay the
salary of a social secretary who worked primarily for a theater production
company, Delphi Productions, which was operated out of Mrs. Astor's Park Avenue
apartment without her knowledge; stole $52,000 from his mother to pay the wages
for a captain for a yacht he purchased.and stole two works of art (one by
Giovanni Domenico Tiepolo and one by John Frederick Lewis) from his mother, each
valued at approximately a half a million dollars.

Assistant District Attorneys Elizabeth Loewy, Attorney-in-Charge of the District
Attorney's Elder Abuse Program, and Peirce Moser of the Special Prosecutions
Bureau presented the case to the grand jury under the supervision of Executive
Assistant District Attorney Leroy Frazer. They were assisted by Detective Donald
Kennedy of the District Attorney's NYPD Office Squad, paralegals Andrea Leung
and Michele Pace, and Frank Puma, Bureau Chief, Michael Vecchio, Deputy Bureau
Chief, Peter Chicola, Senior Financial Investigator, Mikhail Muladzhanov,
Special Assistant, and Irina Nayshlos, Senior Fiscal Clerk, of the Financial
Crimes Bureau.

Mr. Morgenthau thanked New York State Attorney General Andrew Cuomo and Deputy
Counselor and Special Assistant to the Attorney General Benjamin Lawsky, as well
as Assistant Attorneys General Robert Pickett, Chief of the Attorney General's
Charity Frauds Bureau and Carl DiStefano who is assigned to that Bureau for
their assistance in this case.

Grand Larceny in the First Degree is a class B felony which is punishable by up
to 25 years in prison.   Grand Larceny in the Second Degree and Criminal
Possession of Stolen Property in the Second Degree are class C felonies which
are punishable by up to 15 years in prison.  Forgery in the Second Degree and
Criminal Possession of a Forged Instrument in the Second Degree are class D
felonies which are punishable by up to seven years in prison.  Scheme to Defraud
in the First Degree, Falsifying Business Records in the First Degree, Offering a
False Instrument for Filing in the First Degree and Conspiracy in the Fourth
Degree are class E felonies which are punishable by up to four years in prison.
Conspiracy in the Fifth Degree is a class A misdemeanor which is punishable by
up to one year in jail.

Defendant Information:

Anthony D Marshall, 5/30/1924151 E. 79th Street, Apt 2ANew York, NY

Francis X. Morrissey Jr.,  10/14/1942425 E. 51st Street, Apt. 2B (home)375 Park
Avenue, Suite 2102 (business)New York, NY

###

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 3, 2014 Thursday
                                Regional Edition

History's recurring tale of plutocracy

BYLINE: Harold Meyerson

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A19

LENGTH: 798 words


Michael Lewis's "Flash Boys," his takedown of high-speed stock trading, may be
making headlines this week, but it's just one of two books on our economic
dysfunctions that are flying off the shelves. While "Flash Boys" explains how
the fastest-growing form of trading enriches the few at the expense of the many,
the other book, Thomas Piketty's "Capital in the Twenty-First Century," provides
a more fundamental and disquieting explanation: how capitalism itself enriches
the few at the expense of the many.

Piketty, a Paris-based economics professor, is one of a small but growing number
of economists who are scanning digitized tax records to discover the
distribution of income and wealth in various nations, both today and in the
past. Piketty's work with Emmanuel Saez, an economist at the University of
California at Berkeley, has shown that the share of Americans' income going to
the wealthiest 1 percent has risen to the level last seen just before the 1929
crash. In his new book, in which he looks at tax records that in Britain and
France date all the way to the late 18th century, Piketty has unearthed the
history of income distribution for at least the past hundred years in every
major capitalist nation. It makes for fascinating, grim and alarming reading.

Piketty's chief conclusion is that, in most nations in most times, the interest
on capital - income from investments and ownership - accumulates at a higher
rate than that at which the overall economy is growing. In the largely
preindustrial economies that Jane Austen and Honore de Balzac chronicled in
their novels, he notes, the road to riches came through inheritance rather than
even professional labor. The interest rate on property of all kinds was roughly
4 to 5 percent a year, while the overall economies of Britain and France were
growing at a rate of just 1 percent (a figure Piketty derives by adding the
nations' population growth to their economic growth). Over time, this meant that
the value of those nations' capital rose to six or seven times their gross
domestic product, and capital's major owners - the richest 1 percent -
controlled the lion's share of their nation's income and wealth.

Even after the Industrial Revolution, those ratios largely persisted until the
outbreak of World War I. The combination of two world wars and the Great
Depression destroyed many European fortunes, while the Depression wreaked havoc
on American fortunes. The reforms of the New Deal in the United States and of
social democracy in Europe then boosted workers' incomes on both continents and
gave rise to a sizable propertied middle class. The rate of return on the
property of the wealthy remained high, but the value of their property had been
so diminished by the cataclysms of the first half of the century that their
wealth was diminished.

Since 1980, however, their fortunes have swelled again - at the expense of
everyone else. Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher slashed taxes on wealth,
workers lost the ability to bargain for wages and, crucially, the population
growth of many nations ground nearly to a halt. Capital, again, was accumulating
faster than the overall economies were growing. In the United States, Piketty
shows, the incomes of the top 1 percent have grown so high - chiefly due to the
linkage of top executive pay to share value, a form of capital - that they soon
will create the greatest level of income inequality in the recorded history of
any nation.

Indeed, Piketty's book provides a valuable explanatory context for America's
economic woes. Wages constitute the lowest share of U.S. GDP, and profits the
highest, since the end of World War II. And with heightened accumulations of
wealth come heightened accumulations of political power - a shift toward
plutocracy to which Wednesday's Supreme Court decision, permitting the wealthy
to contribute to as many electoral campaigns as they wish, adds a helpful push.

Piketty's primary contention is that it is inherent to capitalism that the
returns on capital generally exceed the growth of nations' economies, save in
times of epochal population growth or almost unimaginable technological
breakthroughs, and that this leads to ever-rising concentrations of wealth and
power. "No self-corrective mechanism exists" within capitalism to retard this
descent into plutocracy, he writes. Rather, he concludes, its prevention
requires political action: He suggests a global tax on capital, which, he
acknowledges, is a utopian solution, though others - empowering workers again,
increasing the social provision of goods and services - are more readily
attainable.

Lewis gives us a great read on today's latest scam. Piketty gives us the most
important work of economics since John Maynard Keynes's "General Theory."

meyersonh@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                              The Herald (Glasgow)

                              July 27, 2012 Friday
                                   1 Edition

Psycho  killer found guilty of murdering Indian student

BYLINE: Kim Pilling

SECTION: HS - NEWS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 637 words


A KILLER who called himself Psycho has been found guilty of murdering an Indian
student in a random attack.

Kiaran Stapleton walked up to stranger Anuj Bidve, 23, in the street in Salford,
Greater Manchester, and shot him in the head at point blank range.

Stapleton, 21, had admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished
responsibility but a jury at Manchester Crown Court rejected that defence and
convicted him of murder. He will be sentenced today.

Nazir Afzal, chief crown prosecutor for the North West said Mr Bidve s senseless
murder had  shocked and appalled  us all .

He added:  Kiaran Stapleton shot Anuj, an innocent and defenceless man, at close
range without warning or provocation.

Thankfully such crimes of truly random and brutal violence are extremely rare.

It was a cowardly murder, and his reaction afterwards in trying to cover his
tracks, hide from police and evade justice was also cowardly. Since the moment
he killed Anuj he has shown no trace of remorse and no concern for the pain Anuj
s family are going through.

Mr Afzal told the court that two days after the murder Stapleton went to a
tattoo parlour and had a teardrop design placed below his right eye    a symbol
used by some gangs to show the wearer has killed someone.

The prosecutor said:  It was a sign, we say, that he was boasting about the
murder, that he thought it gave him some sort of notoriety.

Only when he realised the evidence against him was overwhelming did he plead
guilty to manslaughter, admitting he pulled the trigger but claiming that at the
time of the killing his responsibility for his actions was diminished.

Mr Bidve had arrived in the UK last September to embark on postgraduate studies
in micro-electronics. He was visiting Salford with a group of friends from
Lancaster University last Christmas.

They left their hotel in the early hours of Boxing Day to queue early for the
sales when their paths crossed with Stapleton s.

Stapleton calmly walked across the road and repeatedly asked for the time. When
someone finally answered he pulled a handgun out of his pocket and fired one
shot to Mr Bidve s left temple.

He was then seen to smirk or laugh over his victim s body before he ran off to
his nearby home in Ordsall. The weapon, which fired a 9mm bullet, has never been
found.

Mr Bidve never regained consciousness and was pronounced dead in hospital.

Stapleton later told a psychologist in prison that he picked out his victim
because  he had the biggest head .

Both the prosecution and defence agreed Stapleton had a recognised medical
condition,  an anti-social personality disorder.

He showed traits of callousness, impulsiveness, anger, lack of remorse and
incapacity to experience guilt.

The defence claimed he suffered from an abnormality of mental functioning
because of the disorder and said it probably substantially impaired his ability
to exercise self-control.

That was the most likely cause or a significant contributory factor as to why he
shot Mr Bidve, they argued during five weeks of evidence. However, the jury
rejected that argument less than two hours and 15 minutes after retiring to
consider its verdict.

Mr Bidve s parents, Subhash and Yogini, flew from their home in Pune, India, to
attend the trial and each day listened intently to the evidence from the front
row of the public gallery.

As the verdict was delivered. Mrs Bidve cried and Mr Bidve bowed in his seat and
later held his hands to his face.

Mr Afzal added:  Anuj had his whole life ahead of him. He was young and bright,
a talented student who was enjoying his time at Lancaster University.

His parents were understandably very proud of him. They sent him to the UK to
continue his studies and fulfil his ambitions but tragically came here
themselves to take his body back home.

My thoughts and sympathies are very much with them.

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: VICTIM: Anuj Bidve came to the UK for a postgraduate course. KILLER:
Kiaran Stapleton had a teardrop tattooed on his right cheek two days after
murdering Mr Bidve.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GH


                      Copyright 2012 Newsquest Media Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                              March 4, 2011 Friday

What do you do if your client is incompetent? Lawyers struggle to manage
clients' mental health issues

BYLINE: Michelle Lore

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 930  words


When St. Paul family law attorney Dana McKenzie realized that her elderly client
did not seem to understand the decisions he needed to make during the divorce
process - and was likely struggling with depression and possibly dementia - she
knew she had to do something.

Her first move was to obtain signed authorizations that allowed her to speak
with the client's therapist. The therapist confirmed McKenzie's concerns and
opined that the client was, at that time at least, unable to make decisions in
his own best interest. McKenzie then consulted with her client, who agreed to
accept a guardian ad litem.

But McKenzie said that even if the client had not agreed, she would have had to
ask the court for a GAL.

"If a client is incompetent, it is important to seek a guardian ad litem," she
said. "Otherwise, there is a possibility that any settlement could be later
vacated. As officers of the court, we have a duty to protect our clients as well
as the integrity of the system. An attorney who has reason to know a client may
be incompetent is not fulfilling his duty to either the client or the court. "

Dealing with a client who may be suffering from mental illness or chemical
dependency can be complicated, often leaving attorneys in a quandary on how best
to proceed.

Minneapolis criminal defense attorney Brock Hunter suggests first talking to the
client to see if he or she is aware of the issue. Some clients may have already
been diagnosed.

But others may be in complete denial.

"Then you have a tough decision to make," said Hunter.

Rules as reference

The ethical rules can offer some guidance in these situations. Rule 1.14(a) of
the Minnesota Rules of Professional Conduct states that when a client's capacity
to make adequately considered decisions in connection with representation is
diminished, the lawyer shall "as far as reasonably possible, maintain a normal
client-lawyer relationship with the client. "

"Basically the first part of the rule says 'do you best to try and represent the
client as you would any other client,'" said OLPR First Assistant Director
Patrick Burns.

There may come a point, however, when that's not possible because the client's
capacity is so diminished that he or she can't make appropriate decisions. In
that case, Burns said, Rule 1.14(b) sets out the circumstances under which the
lawyer can seek to take some protection action on behalf of the client.

Protective action can range from calling family members, calling medical
providers, encouraging a client to appoint a power of attorney or seeking a GAL
or a general guardian or conservator.

If a guardian ad litem becomes necessary, Rule 17.02 of the Minnesota Rules of
Civil Procedure allows the court to appoint one.

But think carefully about whether that's the best way to go.

"Lawyers, to their credit, are generally pretty reluctant to take what appears
to be adverse action against their own client," said Burns. "It always puts the
attorney in a difficult spot. "

McKenzie pointed out that if the custody of minor children is at stake, and the
court finds that a client can't make decisions in his or her own interest, "it's
a pretty safe bet that the court won't be placing children in the custody of
that client. "

McKenzie warned that seeking the appointment of a guardian could also drive a
wedge between the client and the attorney.

"The appointment of a GAL takes some important personal power away from a client
- the power to decide his or her own fate to some extent," she said.

In criminal cases, attorneys concerned about the mental competence of a client
should consider seeking a competency hearing pursuant to Rule 20 of the
Minnesota Rules of Criminal Procedure. The client may even have a potential
insanity defense.

But "that can be a very tough decision for an attorney to make, because if you
start that Rule 20 process in motion sometimes it's ... out of your hands, and
your client may be found incompetent to stand trial and may be civilly committed
indefinitely," said Hunter.

If the client's mental health issues don't rise to the level of insanity or
incompetence, they can be used mitigating factors at sentencing, noted Maplewood
attorney John Baker, who represents military veterans in criminal and civil
matters.

Imminent danger

Lawyers say it's a good idea to at least suggest that a client seek outside help
if you suspect he or she is struggling with a mental health or chemical
dependency issue. But do it cautiously and not accusingly.

"You've got to broach the issue in a sensitive way, and destigmatize it," Hunter
said. "A lot of times they'll come around and say they are willing to talk to
someone about it. "

Baker said if a client requests it, he'll make the call himself.

"Often they want help but don't know who to go to for help," he said.

But if a client refuses help, you may be stuck with simply providing the best
representation you can under the circumstances.

"You can't force a client's hand unless it rises to the level of being an
extreme danger to himself or others," said Hunter.

If the danger is imminent, call the police, attorneys advise.

"It goes against everything else that defense attorneys are taught as far as
zealously representing their clients," said Hunter, "but if the client's really
not there, and isn't really cognizant of what he's doing, I think you are
representing their best interests. "

If you're unsure how to proceed, it's best to consult the OLPR or an ethics
advisor as soon as possible.

"The [OLPR] will make an attorney from the board available within minutes for
consultation in emergency circumstances," said McKenzie.

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                    Press TV

                              April 6, 2015 Monday

'UK military cuts to have negative effect'

LENGTH: 413  words


The former US ambassador to the UN warns Britain against cutting its defense
spending 'at a worse time.'

John Bolton, who is a leading Republican spokesman on foreign affairs, said any
further cuts in defense spending would make Britain "far more vulnerable
militarily" and send a signal to potential enemies that "there is a diminished
will in the West to defend itself."

He warned that further cuts in defense expenditure could seriously affect future
coalition operations with the US.

"The decline in British defense spending is extremely troubling," Bolton said in
an exclusive interview with The Daily Telegraph.

"It means Britain will be far more vulnerable militarily. A diminished UK
military strength also has a more profound effect internationally because it is
a sign to our mutual enemies that there is a diminished will in the West to
defend itself. It sends an extremely negative signal to our enemies," he said.

Bolton also called on the next British government to spend two percent of the UK
GDP on the military.

Now London-based Political Commentator Rodney Shakespeare says: "John Bolton is
a Zionist warmonger. He upholds America's claimed desire to dominate the world
militarily, economically, politically, and so on.

"NATO was formed as a defensive organization and has become one of aggression
most notably at this moment in the actions in respect of Ukraine."

Professor Shakespeare told Press TV's UK Desk in a Monday interview that
"politically, the US could not long survive only by its own actions. It requires
allies and he is warning against UK military spending being relatively cut back
from 2 percent of GDP down to 1.6 or something like that, he is really warning
that without the cooperation of the UK, the USA will could not do quite as much
as bullying as it wants to."

Meanwhile, Bolton also said that at a time when the West faced growing threats
from countries such as Russia and China, as well as ISIL militants in the Middle
East, it was vital that Britain retained the military strength to participate in
future coalition operations with the US.

This is while British PM David Cameron has refused to make a formal commitment
to maintain defense spending at the 2 percent of GDP level required by Britain's
membership of NATO.

Recent estimates suggest the UK defense spending could fall to 1.7 percent by
the end of the decade. Cameron has said he wants to see a real-terms increase in
defense spending of around 1 percent, if he stays in power.

MTM/GHN

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Wire

JOURNAL-CODE: 701


                            Copyright 2015 Press TV
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Paydays lean for venture capitalists;
After a rich history in Silicon Valley, investors struggle with diminished
returns

BYLINE: REBECCA BUCKMAN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: THE WALL STREET JOURNAL; INVESTING; Pg. B9

LENGTH: 887 words


After decades of powering - and profiting from - the technology sector's growth,
Silicon Valley's venture capitalists are grappling with an era of diminished
returns.

The industry that grew rich supplying early funding to tech giants like
Microsoft Corp. and Apple Computer Inc. is being weighed down by a skittish
stock market, a glut of investment capital and slowing growth in tech areas that
have been most lucrative for backers.

Venture capitalists typically invest in young companies, such as tech start-ups.
Many of their investments turn out to be losers, but they hope for big paydays
when a company they back is sold or goes public.

For the past several years, the flood of cash pouring into the formerly small
and clubby venture capital industry has helped to make those paydays leaner by
increasing the competition for deals. The industry now manages close to
$260-billion (U.S.), much of it from pension funds, university endowments and
other investors seeking higher returns than offered by stocks or bonds.

Venture capital "will never be the business it was in the mid-1990s," and won't
reach the frenzied levels of the dot-com boom, says Paul Ferri, who founded
Matrix Partners in 1982. "I know what we have distributed to our investors over
the last six years, and it's damn little."

Mr. Ferri says he and his partners at Matrix, an early backer of Apple Computer,
considered closing their Waltham, Mass., firm a few years ago because the
industry's future looked so bleak.

"I thought by now investors would have figured out that our industry is not an
economically viable business model," he says.

Cumulative venture capital returns for the past six years remain negative, still
smarting from the dot-com meltdown.

Last year, U.S. venture capitalists posted a mean return, including realized and
unrealized gains, of 7.9 per cent, according to research firm Cambridge
Associates. That was less than a third of the cumulative, 20-year return of
nearly 21 per cent and far below the industry's 10-year return of 39 per cent.
For the year ended March 31, returns were 13.8 per cent, barely beating the
Standard & Poor's 500-stock index's 11.7 per cent.

Investors generally expect outsize returns from venture capital to compensate
them for the high risk of investing in start-ups and the lack of liquidity. They
can't pull their cash out of venture funds as easily as they can stocks or
mutual funds.

But all the new money chasing a limited number of promising start-ups is bidding
up the price of venture deals, putting pressure on returns.

Adding to the squeeze is the harsh climate for initial public offerings. Last
year, there were 56 venture-backed IPOs in the U.S., just a quarter of their
1995 number.

New regulatory constraints, such as the Sarbanes-Oxley corporate governance law,
coupled with Wall Street's recent preference for larger IPOs, is prolonging the
amount of time private companies stay private - delaying venture capitalists'
payday.

Rather than taking their best prospects public, many venture investors are
selling the companies to larger acquirers. But the profit margins on such sales
can be relatively slim. In the second quarter, only four out of 31 earned
venture investors a return of more than 10 times their investment. In nearly a
third of those deals, investors lost money, according to Thomson Financial and
the National Venture Capital Association.

The venture industry's slump comes as Silicon Valley's broader economy is
rebounding. However, growth is slowing in some parts of the tech sector, such as
personal computers, that have traditionally provided big profits to venture
capitalists. Some in the venture industry say the tougher times are simply part
of the Silicon Valley boom-bust cycle, but others think they could be here to
stay. Already, reduced profits are prompting some venture firms to consider less
risky investments, such as buyout deals. Others are searching for fatter returns
in faster-growing markets like China and India.

Elite venture firms with ties to proven entrepreneurs say they continue to find
innovative companies and rack up profits. "We've been able to make really,
really substantial absolute returns for [investors] we've worked with for a long
time," says John Doerr, a partner at Kleiner Perkins Caufield & Byers. The Menlo
Park, Calif., firm, which backed Amazon.com Inc. and Google Inc., declined to
provide exact return figures. But traditionally, a small group of top firms,
such as Kleiner, has accounted for the bulk of the industry's returns.

The venture industry is raising less money than it did at the height of the
dot-com boom, and it remains dwarfed by the much larger buyout and hedge-fund
industries. Still, even Kleiner acknowledges that today's crush of capital and
other factors have made it tougher for the more than 860 venture firms in the
U.S. to make money.

Kleiner says more than 725 venture-backed start-up companies were formed last
year, at least double the number in the early- to mid-1990s. But since 2001, the
number of "exits" through IPOs or company sales has stayed at 350 to 450 deals a
year. "We're in a position where almost one in two venture-backed companies will
fail . . . It's hard to see how the industry gets around that basic math," says
John Denniston, a Kleiner partner.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2006 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                  Valley News & Views (Drayton, North Dakota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                January 30, 2014

Regional Fears of Natural Gas Shortage Due to Pipeline Explosion Diminished;
Xcel Energy Reports Good Progress on Line Repairs

BYLINE: Valley News & Views staff

LENGTH: 114  words


Fears of a natural gas shortage in North Dakota, Minnesota due to a pipeline
explosion Saturday south of Winnipeg which also damaged two other lines have
diminished. The damaged lines served more than 100,00 Xcel energy customers in
North Dakota, northwestern Minnesota and Western Wisconsin.

Initially, Xcel Energy had asked that it's customers help conserve energy by
lowering their thermostats to 60 degrees or lower, due to the extreme cold and
significantly reduced supply of natural gas to the area.

Monday afternoon, Xcel Energy officials reported progress in their natural gas
operations in Eastern North Dakota and lifted its appeal for its regional
customers to conserve energy.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VNV

                      Copyright 2014 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2014 Valley News & Views


                              717 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                  Guardian.com

                             August 4, 2009 Tuesday

Augusta National to make Condoleezza Rice its first female member?

LENGTH: 384 words

ABSTRACT

Augusta National is thinking about inviting the former US Secretary of State
Condoleezza Rice to join, suggests the America's golf bible, Golf Digest

FULL TEXT

Sure it is. And Tiger Woods will publicly endorse Obama in the 2012 Presidential
election. Right?

Normally, the eyes glaze over when they come across stories about Augusta
considering a change to its men only membership policies. But not in the case of
. For one thing, the source - the magazine's columnist Jaime Diaz - is extremely
high grade; as well-connected as he is thoughtful. He is not the type to be
flying kites. Plus, what he writes has more than an air of authenticity.

Now is when Augusta National traditionally does its best work, as the course
lies fallow and the brain trust reflects on the last Masters.

Of course, the Vatican's conclave of cardinals leaves more clues about what gets
discussed. But I'm guessing that one topic of discussion for the green jackets
will be the implications of the midweek cameo by Condoleezza Rice, who not only
made herself more visible at the club than any political figure since President
Eisenhower, but then blogged about it for a cheeky website, The Daily Beast.

With power brokers, little happens by accident. The ex-Secretary of State's
first trip to Augusta seemed designed to further establish her sports-maven
persona, including a presentation to NFL owners and turning down the Pac-10
Conference commissionership. As for Augusta National, having a member escorting
an African-American woman around the grounds didn't do the club's image any
harm.

Another interesting passage concerns Martha Burk, the Washington-based women's
rights activist who fought an admirable (albeit losing) battle with the club's
previous chairman, the dreadful Hootie Johnson.

And though Burk's campaign was judged a failure at the time, since then she has
played a role in settlements totaling nearly $80 million on behalf of women who
work for companies whose executives belong to Augusta National.

Mind you, Diaz isn't infallible. I had to laugh at the passage suggesting
"Augusta's moral authority on the issue (of "no female members") has diminished"
since Johnson stopped running the club. How could its moral authority have
diminished when it never had any in the first place?

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Guardian Unlimited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

73-year-old East Bay man sentenced to 3 years in wife's mercy killing

BYLINE: By Malaika Fraley mfraley@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 809 words


OAKLAND -- It was a scenario unfamiliar to the attorneys who've seen hundreds of
murder cases pass through a busy Oakland courthouse: The defendant, an elderly
Alameda man, killed his wife out of love to end her chronic pain from illness in
the twilight of their life together.

And on Thursday, Jerry "JC" Canfield, 73, was sentenced to three years in state
prison for his crime -- the low term for voluntary manslaughter in California.

"The law isn't equipped to handle this kind of act that's done with no malice.
The law is geared to punish malice, and there's no malice here, so it was
difficult to find an appropriate resolution," assistant public defender George
Arroyo said in a courthouse hallway Thursday.

Canfield was stoic in an Oakland courtroom as he received his sentence, a little
more than a year after he fatally shot his 73-year-old wife, JoAnn Canfield, at
their shared Clinton Avenue home on Oct. 26, 2014.

In a letter read aloud in court, JoAnn Canfield's 50-year-old daughter wrote
that while it has been hard to accept the manner of her mother's death, she has
no ill feelings toward her stepfather.

"I know in my heart he loved my mother so much he didn't want her to suffer ...
so much he sacrificed his freedom," Lisa Reed wrote. "My biggest regret is I
didn't get to say goodbye to my mother."

Attorneys would not divulge the details of JoAnn Canfield's medical condition,
which was never made public because her husband struck a deal and pleaded no
contest to one count of voluntary manslaughter in October before his scheduled
preliminary hearing. Canfield has never spoken publicly about the incident.

But authorities have said that dementia was one of her illnesses, and that would
have made her ineligible for assisted suicide under a pending California law
expected to take effect this year.

Signed into law by Gov. Jerry Brown in October, the End of Life Option Act will
allow some terminally ill patients to commit suicide with assistance from a
physician. People with a diminished mental capacity will not be eligible.

"In the course of working to pass the End of Life Option Act, some of the most
difficult stories for us to hear were from family members of people who had
dementia or Alzheimer's or other illness that diminished their mental capacity,
and we don't have solution in the law for those situations," said Toni Broaddus,
California campaign director for the nonprofit advocacy group Compassion &
Choices. "I think our medical system and our legal system are going to figure
out how to deal with these cases. I don't think that we know now how to do
that."

Canfield's former attorney, now Superior Court Judge Andrew Steckler, said at a
2014 bail hearing that the defendant placed roses at his wife's bedside and
tried to kill her with sleeping pills before using a gun.

Many of the couple's neighbors went to that bail hearing in support of Canfield
to talk about the couple's love and commitment to each other. Years before JoAnn
Canfield became sick, the caregiver role was reversed. She nursed him after he
was badly injured in a forklift accident.

Almost unheard of in a murder case, a judge subsequently reduced Canfield's bail
from "no bail" to $100,000, which required $10,000 for him to be released from
custody. The neighbors, among others, offered to raise money toward his release.
Arroyo said Canfield refused; he didn't want anyone's money.

Canfield's history of injuries, and his advanced age and height -- 6 feet 7
inches -- makes incarceration more challenging for him than the average inmate,
Arroyo said, but he is doing "OK." Arroyo said that in his 20 years as a defense
attorney, he's never had a client more "honest and forthright and considerate."

"He is doing a lot better now that he can put this behind him," Arroyo said.
"He's been in mourning and now, I think, he can start to look forward (to the
future).

"This is really a special case, and he is a special guy. It's been a privilege
to represent him."

Canfield will have to serve 85 percent of the three-year sentence. He gets
credit for time served since his plea in October.

Alameda County District Attorney's Office spokeswoman Teresa Drenick said
Thursday that prosecutors did a thorough review of the case that took in
consideration all they could find out about the victim and Canfield's state of
mind before "we concluded justice was best served by this disposition."

Dena Aindow, a DA's office victim advocate, kept in close contact with JoAnn
Canfield's daughter through the criminal justice process. Reed wrote in her
letter read in court Thursday that she is holding all of Canfield's possessions,
and he is welcome to come get them once he is released and ready to start his
life anew.

"Her heart is still broken," Aindow said. "She misses her mother."

Contact Malaika Fraley at 925-234-1684. Follow her a Twitter.com/malaikafraley .

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           November 25, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Ads try to change fliers' attitudes toward screening;
Study finds passengers' compliance diminished

BYLINE: Thomas Frank

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 416 words


WASHINGTON -- The group that created Smokey Bear and McGruff the Crime Dog has a
new potential icon: Stephanie the airport screener.

A $1.3 million ad campaign launched this month teams the Ad Council and the
Transportation Security Administration trying to change behavior of passengers
who no longer automatically accept post-9/11 airport security procedures.  The
public relations push explains the terrorist threat and the reasons behind
annoyances at checkpoints.

A passenger focus group conducted for the TSA by New York City business
consulting firm Blue Lime found that "unquestioning compliance has diminished."
Passengers say they are more afraid of missing their flight than they are of an
airplane being attacked, the 73-page Blue Lime report found.

In a 97-second video, Washington National Airport screener Stephanie Naar gently
explains that homemade bombs "are the No. 1 threat to aircraft, and we know
terrorists have concealed these items in shoes."  The TSA hopes to make
passengers more accepting of removing footwear at checkpoints.

"Part of our effort here is to develop a spirit of cooperation," TSA spokeswoman
Ellen Howe said.

The campaign also tries to prepare inexperienced travelers  for screening. "It
will help to relieve a lot of stress and anxiety people have when they're
traveling," Ad Council CEO Peggy Conlon said.

In a spot on why passengers can carry only 3-ounce bottles onto airplanes, Naar
calmly says, "Liquid explosives are still a risk to aircraft."

The campaign grew out of comments that passengers made to Blue Lime in five
focus groups in late 2007 that revealed wide disrespect for screeners and
uncertainty about security procedures. Passengers called screeners "power
trippers" and "rude/cold."  Blue Lime urged the TSA to boost public confidence
in screeners and in security.

Because fear has receded since Sept. 11, the TSA needs a new "spirit of
cooperation" with passengers, Blue Lime said.  Explaining security procedures to
passengers "should translate to greater compliance," the company concludes.

The year-long campaign features 10-second radio spots in 12 major cities
directing listeners to its website for travel tips, and videos that the
non-profit Ad Council is placing on strategic websites.

In addition to the ads, the TSA has been training screeners to better interact
with passengers, urging them not to shout across security lanes and to chat
quietly and warmly with people in line, Howe said.

*Passengers, screeners critical in report, 3A

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                            March 22, 2012 Thursday

R.I. Supreme Court Case Summaries: March 22, 2012

BYLINE: RILW Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 673  words


R.I. SUPREME COURT Editor's note: The full text of these decisions can be found
on Lawyers Weekly's website, rilawyersweekly.com. Criminal Size disparity -
Diminished capacity - Intoxication Where the defendant convicted of first-degree
murder contends on appeal that the trial judge erred by (1) instructing the jury
that malice may be inferred where there is a disparity in the size or strength
between the victim and the defendant and (2) denying the defendant's motion for
a new trial based on evidence of his diminished capacity due to intoxication,
the judge made no error and thus the judgment of conviction must be affirmed.
Instruction "On appeal, [defendant Robert E.] Payette argues that the
instruction given 'was wholly improper' and failed to conform to Rhode Island
law. To support his contention, Payette argues that the facts presented at trial
about the disparity in size and strength between he and [Ronald] Dufour were
simply insufficient to justify the trial justice giving such an instruction.

During trial, the jury heard evidence that at the time of his arrest, Payette
was forty-four years old and weighed 163 pounds; at the time of his death, Mr.
Dufour was sixty-six years old and his body weighed 147 pounds. Payette avers
that this twenty-two-year / sixteen-pound difference was insufficient to allow
the trial justice to charge the jury as he did. ... "In the case at bar, the
jury was presented with sufficient evidence about the age and physical disparity
between Payette and Mr. Dufour to justify the instruction given. ... Such
evidence included the aforementioned weight and age difference, as well as the
state medical examiner's testimony that Mr. Dufour was in an overall 'unhealthy
condition,' and, at the time of his death, had a blood alcohol level of 0.152
percent. This evidence, properly admitted during trial, supported the trial
justice's instruction on inferred malice from disparate size or strength.
Despite Payette's contentions, and although the disparity of size and strength
here may not have been as extreme as an adult's killing of a young child, we
hold that the instruction was a correct statement of law and was not improper. "
Intoxication "Payette centers his challenge to the denial of his motion for a
new trial upon the trial justice's finding that his level of intoxication failed
to sufficiently diminish his capacity so as to negate his intent to kill Mr.
Dufour. ... Thus, Payette asserts that the court 'clearly erred by overlooking
and/or misconceiving material evidence in denying [his] motion for a new trial.
' We disagree. "In the instant case, the trial justice performed the required
review and effectively pronounced his reasons for denying Payette's motion. He
acknowledged that, despite the evidence of Payette's drinking on the night in
question, there was also sufficient evidence to 'find that [Payette] knew
exactly what he was doing when he purposely killed [Mr.] Dufour. ' The trial
justice recalled Payette's own statement to the police in which he said that at
the time he invited Mr. Dufour to dinner, he was 'fairly sober' compared to Mr.
Dufour. The trial justice also considered as evidence of Payette's alertness the
fact that he retrieved a steak knife from the kitchen prior to escorting Mr.
Dufour from his apartment. ... The court related that 'one of the most powerful
pieces of evidence' indicating Payette's clarity of mind was his conscientious
effort to conceal the body with debris. ... "There is nothing in the record that
would indicate that the trial justice overlooked or misconceived any material
evidence or otherwise clearly erred. We conclude that he properly performed the
review required. Accordingly, we affirm his denial of the defendant's motion for
a new trial. " State v. Payette (Lawyers Weekly No. 60-028-12) (14 pages)
(Indeglia, J.) (R.I. Supreme Court) Appealed from a judgment entered by Gale,
J., in Superior Court. Jane M. McSoley for the state; Catherine Gibran for the
defendant (Docket No. 2010-151-C.A.) (March 14, 2012).

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            November 11, 2007 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

LETTERS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. G02

LENGTH: 980 words


Veterans Day

In our annual observance of Veterans Day, those of us who served in World War
II, Korea and Vietnam can remember when the United States was a force to be
reckoned with.

Our national pride was bolstered by martial strength and moral courage. When we
went to war, the whole nation was involved. Many women wept, but their windows
proudly displayed banners with blue or gold stars.

But our national pride diminished when President Carter granted amnesty to those
who fled to Canada to avoid the draft. Then succeeding administrations further
diminished our power by yielding to global rather than national concerns.

Now the weakest nations are holding us hostage to our dependence on oil. Our
economy is in shambles, and our position as the pre-eminent world power is
threatened.

We need some potent leadership and a resurgence of national pride.

CDR. LEON WALD, RET.

myjnle@sbcglobal.net

Temple

Here is one 83-year-old veteran of WWII, a grandfather who is around to see
grandchildren and great-grandchildren live in a free country thanks to Gen. Paul
W. Tibbets following orders from President Truman to drop the bomb.

Countless lives on both sides were spared from what could have been an extended,
even bloodier conflict. I am grateful.

ROGER Q. WYNN

Round Rock

Acting dishonorably

Re: Nov. 6 article "State, national park agencies get last shot at Big Bend
land."

State Land Commissioner Jerry Patterson's dismissal as "legally unenforcable"
the Richard King Mellon Foundation's gift deed provision that any sale of the
Christmas Mountains be approved by the Conservation Fund is very disheartening.

May I suggest that the National Park Service exercise the option to buy the
land, agree to Patterson's proviso that hunting must be allowed on the property
and then find a sympathetic judge who can dismiss the hunting proviso as equally
unenforceable?

Enforceable or not, clearly the intent of the gift deed was that conservation be
paramount in any future sale, and by trying to enforce his own proviso on the
sale of this land, Patterson is acting dishonorably.

Let the National Park Service buy the land with no provisos; let the taxpayers
of Texas enjoy the profits of the sale; and let future generations enjoy the
land as part of our spectacular National Park system.

ED EASTON

Austin

Where are the ethics? For any Texas commissioner to ignore donor's rules and rig
the bid process to eliminate the National Park Service (which doesn't allow
firearms) is a clear ethical violation of public trust, and it is extremely
suspect.

RICHARD MAASTRICHT

Austin

"Think to yourself about going camping in Big Bend National Park at the end of a
remote trail in a remote area," Patterson said. "I would never want to do that
unarmed."

Funny thing: I've been doing precisely that for the past 30 years and never once
have I felt the need to pack heat. What's Patterson so afraid of?

JOHN T. DAVIS

Austin

Model young citizens

Little people were not the only ones "treated" on Halloween. The Food Pantry at
First Baptist Church of Pflugerville was treated very well.

Connally High School's Connally Community Cougars collected 750 to 800 pounds of
canned goods for our food pantry.

I had not mingled with high school students in many years. I was impressed and
encouraged. The students I talked to were solid in their commitment to community
and family values.

It was so refreshing. We hear so much about the lack of morals and poor judgment
with our young people today.

VAN KIRBY

Director, FBC Food Pantry

Pflugerville

Deck the halls . . .

BUT NOT YET

What is up with the Christmas decorations on Sixth and Congress streets before
Halloween even got here?

It's hard enough to see them go up before Thanksgiving. I mean, enough is
enough.

We start seeing Christmas stuff earlier and earlier every year. It seems obvious
that Christmas decorations going out in retail stores so soon is nothing more
than a marketing ploy to get the most out of our holiday dollar.

But to decorate downtown almost a month early just makes us all sick of looking
at it before Christmas even gets close.

ELIZABETH STRADER

elizabeth@lizzydezigns.com

Georgetown

Housing at Mueller

Re: Nov. 2 letter "Priced out of Mueller redevelopment."

The vision for the Mueller redevelopment is a mixed-income and diverse community
and, as such, will offer a broad range of home types and price options as it is
developed over the next 10 years.

The first homes represent 7 percent of the planned 4,600 homes, condos and
apartments that will be included at Mueller. Ultimately, 25 percent or more than
1,150 of these homes will be affordable-qualifying.

Mueller has made a strong first step on the path to building a diverse
community, introducing homes priced from $120,000 to more than $700,000.

Future plans include new home types that expand the range of size, design and
pricing, increasing the opportunity to meet diverse needs.

Catellus is committed to housing diversity and, with our city and community
partners, will continue to seek innovative ways to deliver it throughout the
development of Mueller.

DEANNE DESJARDIN

Vice president,

marketing for Mueller

Catellus Development Group

contactus@muelleraustin.com

Austin

Bailing out our neighbors

The Mexican state of Tabasco has experienced flooding comparable to what the
Gulf Coast witnessed in the aftermath of Hurricane Katrina.

After Katrina, Mexico sent doctors and medical supplies, troops and millions of
dollars to provide assistance. Now I know our beloved president and his
administration have had a number of issues to deal with - nukes in Iran, a
military coup in Pakistan, tensions in Turkey, activities in Iraq and fires in
Southern California - but one would have hoped there would have been a
comparable response by our government to the Tabasco disaster.

Let's hope our next president is an indifferent liberal as opposed to a
compassionate conservative.

STUART GREENFIELD

sjg@austin.rr.com

Austin

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Age (Melbourne, Australia)

                           January 7, 2004 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

PBS scheme stays, US told

BYLINE: Josh Gordon, Economics Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 347 words


Canberra

Acting Prime Minister John Anderson has warned an influential US Congress
delegation that the Pharmaceutical Benefits Scheme cannot be diminished as part
of a free trade deal.

Mr Anderson yesterday met eight Republican senators in Sydney, some of them farm
representatives close to President George Bush, to discuss the plan to slash
trade barriers between the Australia and the US.

"I'm feeling more confident now that we are making better progress than we have
for some time," Mr Anderson said.

"I have made it plain from our point of view . . . that agricultural access is
terribly important for Australia, more access for beef, for dairy and certainly
for sugar," he said.

Mr Anderson also indicated that Australia's PBS scheme - attacked by US drug
producers as a multi-billion drug subsidy - was non-negotiable.

"(Health Minister) Tony Abbott and I have also clearly indicated that the very
great benefits of the PBS to Australian consumers cannot be diminished either,"
he said.

Negotiations were scheduled to be concluded by the end of last year, but the
process has been delayed by the antagonism of the powerful and heavily protected
US farm lobby. The Government believes a draft agreement can be negotiated by
the end of the month. The draft would then need to survive political negotations
in both countries, before a final agreement toward the end of the year.

The Federal Government argues that an agreement with the US would boost the
Australian economy by about $4 billion by opening up new export markets and
offering consumers cheaper imports from the US. But the Government was last year
embarrassed by a report it commissioned from ACIL Consulting that found a trade
agreement with the US would do more harm than good.

Opposition trade spokesman Stephen Conroy, under pressure from left-wing unions
hostile to the deal, has written to Trade Minister Mark Vaile asking that a
Labor Party representative be included in the final round of negotiations with
the US.

Mr Vaile will travel to Washington on January 19 for talks with his US
counterpart, Robert Zoellick.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2004 The Age Company Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 20, 2008 Thursday

GOP must return to true conservatism

BYLINE: MediaNews editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 378 words


IN A FAILED BID FOR A House Republican leadership position, Sacramento area Rep.
Dan Lungren said his party needs to rediscover its conservative principles. He's
right, but one has to wonder just what that means today.

If conservatism is defined by the policies of the Bush administration, that
would be a far cry from traditional conservative values.

Under President Bush, who enjoyed Republican control of Congress for six of his
eight-year term, conservative principles were little more than campaign talking
points.

Spending increased at twice the rate it did during the Democratic Clinton
administration. There were huge and growing federal deficits, skyrocketing
borrowing from abroad, a poorly designed and costly prescription drug program
and an unwillingness to conserve resources and protect the environment.

The Bush administration also launched a disastrous, ill-planned, costly and
unnecessary war in Iraq. It also diminished fundamental individual liberties
with an overly restrictive USA Patriot Act.

A truly conservative administration would not have pursued any of the above
policies.

If Lungren is referring to real conservatism instead of right-wing military
adventurism abroad, borrow-and-spend polices at home and an abandonment of basic
government oversight of businesses, he should be heeded.

Real conservatives favor balanced budgets, minimal spending and little
borrowing. They do not pursue costly and counterproductive foreign military
adventures abroad. Also, they are strong supporters of preserving human rights
guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution and they believe in balanced government
oversight of private industry, especially financial institutions.

True conservatives are careful custodians of the environment and advocate
efficient use of natural resources. After all, conserve is the root word of
conservatism.

If Republicans revive their onetime commitment to fiscal conservatism,
thoughtful foreign policy, protection of basic rights and environmental
conservation, they can regain much of the public support they have lost.

But, if by conservative, Lungren means continued militarism abroad, diminished
civil liberties at home, federal deficits, profligate spending and wasteful use
of resources, the Republican Party will continue to shrink.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 18, 2004 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Q.&A.;
Permitting Antennas on a Co-op Roof

SECTION: Section 11; Column 1; Real Estate Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 626 words


Q. If my co-op fails to enforce a longstanding "no outdoor antennas" house rule
-- or changes the house rule to permit such antennas -- do I, as the
owner-occupant of an apartment with roof rights to the area overlying my
apartment, have a case against the co-op? By permitting outdoor antennas, I
believe, the co-op has diminished the value of my apartment. The view used to
consist of treetops, rooftops and the Manhattan skyline. Now it looks like a
mini-military installation. . . . Gregory Klosek, Brooklyn.

A. Theresa Racht, a Manhattan real estate lawyer, said that the first thing the
letter writer should do is look at the provisions of the proprietary lease to
determine to what degree the co-op corporation can restrict outdoor antenna
installations in the building.

"Almost all proprietary leases give the corporation the right to install or
permit the installation of antennas, satellite dishes and the like on the roof
or on terraces of the building," Ms. Racht said. Moreover, she said, there is no
provision in the standard form of proprietary lease that protects a
shareholder's view from a roof or terrace. "The lease only gives a shareholder
the exclusive use of a terrace or roof as against the rights of any other
shareholder to use that portion of the terrace or roof," she said.

So, Ms. Racht said, if there is currently no prohibition against outdoor
antennas, the letter writer would have no case against the co-op by claiming
that the value of his apartment has been diminished. In fact, she said, it is
possible that the letter writer would have no recourse even if the co-op had a
rule prohibiting antennas.

Ms. Racht explained that as the result of a Federal Communications Commission
ruling, apartment residents -- including tenant shareholders in co-ops -- have a
right to attach television satellite dishes on balconies, terraces, patios or
other outdoor areas over which the resident has exclusive use. "This F.C.C.
ruling has essentially imposed a limit on the co-op's ability to forbid the
installation of satellite dishes so long as the dish is being installed in an
area under the exclusive control of the resident," she said.

Paying Interest On Application Fee

Q. A number of years ago, I learned that Penn South (also known as Mutual
Redevelopment Houses Inc.) had opened its waiting list to more applicants. I
sent in my application and the requisite fee and was told I would be notified if
an apartment became available. The fee was $200, $50 of which was nonrefundable.
For many years I waited to be notified about a vacancy, but none was
forthcoming. Ten years ago, I was told there were more than 13,000 people ahead
of me; five years ago there were more than 11,000. Ultimately, I retired and
left the city but kept my application active until last month. When I requested
my refund, Mutual Redevelopment Houses returned my $150, but did not pay any
interest. If there are even 10,000 people on the waiting list, that amounts to
more than $2 million that they can utilize however they want without paying
interest. Is this legal? . . . Joyce J. Townsend, Carpinteria, Calif.

Q. Ezra Goodman, a Manhattan lawyer who represents Mutual Redevelopment Houses,
said that the money sent in by applicants who want to buy an apartment in Penn
South, the 2,200-unit co-op complex at Eighth Avenue and 23rd Street, is
considered to be an application fee, $50 of which is nonrefundable.

"We don't believe there is any requirement that interest be paid on application
fees," Mr. Goodman said.

He said that it is true that there are many thousands of people on the waiting
list, usually for many years.

"These are very desirable apartments, and the turnover is relatively small," he
said. "Once people move in, they tend to stay."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Question

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              725 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times Higher Education Supplement

                                  May 15, 2008

Teaching quality under 'grave threat'

BYLINE: Rebecca Attwood

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6 No. 1845

LENGTH: 773  words


Manchester v-c blames widening access and long-term underfunding. Rebecca
Attwood reports.

Mass higher education and the long-term underfunding of universities are putting
the quality of undergraduate education "in serious jeopardy", the University of
Manchester vice-chancellor has warned.

In a draft report on the future of undergraduate education at the university,
leaked to Times Higher Education, Alan Gilbert says academics have been "noble"
in their fight to maintain standards in the face of diminished resourcing. But,
he writes, pressures on staff nationally "have mounted ... to the point where
the quality of the educational process is under grave threat".

Seven committee reports also seen by Times Higher Education outline the
university's plans to tackle declining contact hours and a proposal to lower its
entry requirements for students from disadvantaged backgrounds in an effort to
increase the proportion of state-school students.

In the interim report of Manchester's Undergraduate Education Review Committee,
Professor Gilbert says that students and parents across the country are "telling
universities that important elements of the undergraduate experience are leaving
them disillusioned" and that Manchester "must not delude itself into assuming
that these are other people's problems".

He says the problems "are rooted in the rise of 'mass' higher education
nationally and internationally, and in a long history of policy and funding
compromises that have placed universities under inexorable pressures to do more
for less".

He comments that there is "something noble about the way the academic profession
has fought to maintain academic standards over many years, tolerating increasing
workloads and pressures ... But the truth is that this has been a gallant
rearguard action. In the end gravely diminished per capita resourcing must tell
on educational quality."

In the latest staff newsletter, the vice-chancellor promises to "revolutionise"
undergraduate education, an agenda to be taken on by Colin Stirling, the
university's new vice-president (teaching and learning).

He urges staff to read an article in Manchester's Student Direct newspaper, in
which student journalists used the Freedom of Information Act to reveal that
social science students at Manchester have half as much contact time as they did
20 years ago.

The final draft report of the committee examining "personalised" learning
suggests that short-term strategies for providing more small-group teaching
could include reducing the number of units on offer "while maintaining an
appropriate degree of student choice", increasing the number of teaching fellows
or increasing the number of teaching hours supplied by graduate teaching
assistants.

"Schools should ensure that all undergraduate students, but especially
first-year students, are taught by leading researchers ... this need not involve
researchers teaching whole units, but could be in the form of 'guest lectures',
panel discussions or other mechanisms," says the report.

Meanwhile, the group examining recruitment and standards says "the gap is
widening" between Manchester and other universities in England when it comes to
the diversity and background of students.

The group's report says Manchester does not meet two of three widening
participation benchmarks set by the Higher Education Funding Council for
England. In 2005-06, 77.7 per cent of its undergraduates were from state
schools, compared with 86.9 per cent nationally.

The university plans to move towards a range of entry grades, for example,
requirements of AAB-ABB at A level.

"The current system is weighted almost entirely on raw academic factors
(predicted grades) ... This must shift to a system where every application is
supplemented ... with additional quantitative contextual information," says the
report.

But the committee recognises that the university's reputation could be
"adversely affected by the perception that admissions standards are lower" and
notes that changes could affect its performance in newspaper league tables, many
of which use high entry tariffs as an indicator of excellence.

The committee examining promotion reports that in a 2006 staff survey 68 per
cent agreed that the university should give equal reward and recognition to
research and to teaching and learning, but only 12 per cent thought it did.
Teaching awards are viewed as "patronising", "divisive" and an "attempt to make
up for the fact that teaching does not really count for promotion".

Professor Gilbert's draft report recommends setting up a group to develop clear
promotion criteria for teaching.

rebecca.attwood@tsleducation.com

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 TSL Education Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Kansas City Daily Record (Kansas City, MO)

                           September 25, 2006 Monday

Deliberations begin in lawsuit alleging suffering due to hog farms

BYLINE: Charles Emerick

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 484  words


A jury will determine whether several families in northwestern Missouri are
entitled to damages for their alleged suffering caused by hog confinements built
near their homes.

Jurors heard closing arguments Friday morning and began their deliberations that
afternoon. A verdict had not been reached as of press time.

The plaintiffs claimed hog farms built and operated by ContiGroup Cos. and
Premium Standard Farms diminished their quality of life because of ill-smelling
odors.

Richard Middleton Jr., an attorney for the plaintiffs, told the jury early in
the trial that money was the only remedy for damages done by the defendants. He
presented evidence during the trial of seven years of suffering caused by odor -
characterized as a "rotten egg" smell - from millions of gallon of hog waste.

"How much longer should (the plaintiffs) wait?" he told the jury during closing
arguments. "How much longer must they wait?"

During his closing argument, Middleton disputed much of the evidence presented
by the defense at trial. He said there was no evidence, according to Securities
and Exchange Commission filings, that Premium Standard Farms spent $25 million
on odor-reducing technology. He also revisited testimony from a ContiGroup
executive who said the smell did not cross the hog farm's fence line.

Expert says crash victims sustained permanent injuries

Attorneys for a Louisiana family injured in a 2001 car-train collision continued
presenting evidence last week against Kansas City Southern Railway. The case is
in its third week.

A plaintiff's expert witness testified that two young girls severely injured
will likely suffer problems as they continue to grow as a result of the
collision.

Lashara James and Lillian Kemp, now 12 and 8, respectively, sustained brain
damage when a train struck the 1997 Ford Expedition driven by their mother,
Marian Kemp, at a crossing in Arcadia, Bienville Parish, La., on Aug. 1, 2001.

Lashara is "highly at risk for future problems," according to Peter Patrick. She
suffers from symptoms of depression, has mood disorders and has had a decline in
her ability to learn.

Lillian Kemp suffers from a low IQ, Patrick said, and has diminished
intellectual capacity.

"In some ways, Lilly is the best she's going to be right now," he said.

According to the plaintiff's lawsuit, the collision caused Marian Kemp to suffer
severe brain damage that put her in a coma. The accident killed her daughter
Kitti. Her daughter Melanie Prud'homme sustained numerous broken bones.

The plaintiffs allege Kansas City Southern, which operates more than 3,100 track
miles in 10 central and southeastern states, failed to ring a bell, sound a horn
or whistle as a warning as the train approached the crossing. They also claim
that the train was moving as a "speed that was greater than reasonable. "

The trial in the courtroom of Judge Stephen Nixon is expected to con- tinue
through all of October.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Yorkshire Post

                            October 24, 2010 Sunday

Blood group link to fertility found

LENGTH: 597 words



HIGHLIGHT: Scientists have discovered for the first time that a woman's blood
group could influence her chances of getting pregnant.


Those with blood type O may struggle to conceive due to a lower egg count and
poorer egg quality, according to a new study.

Meanwhile, women with blood group A seem to be better protected against falling
egg counts.

The finding could mean experts look more closely at blood group when charting a
woman's fertility.

More than 560 women with an average age of 35 undergoing fertility treatment
took part in the latest research, led by experts from Albert Einstein College of
Medicine in New York and Yale University.

Blood samples were taken to measure levels of follicle stimulating hormone
(FSH), a well known marker of fertility.

FSH levels greater than 10 suggest a woman will have more difficulty conceiving
than those whose levels are under 10.

A high FSH level indicates a diminished ovarian reserve, which refers to both
egg quality and the number of eggs left.

Ovarian reserve tends to decline significantly as a woman reaches her middle and
late 30s and faster in the early 40s.

Women who were blood type O were twice as likely to have an FSH level greater
than 10 as those in any other blood group.

The findings held true even when a woman's age was taken into account and the
fact the women came from two different clinics.

Meanwhile, those with blood group A were "significantly less likely" to have an
FSH level greater than 10 than those who were blood group O.

Some 44 per cent of the UK population are blood group O and 42 per cent are type
A.

People with blood group A carry the A antigen, which is a protein on the surface
of the cell, but this is absent in people with O type.

Dr Edward Nejat, from the department of obstetrics and gynaecology at Albert
Einstein College, is presenting his findings at the American Society for
Reproductive Medicine (ASRM) conference in Denver.

He said: "In both groups of women that were seeking fertility treatment, those
with blood type O were twice as likely to have an FSH level over 10 than those
with blood types other than O.

"We found that women with A and AB - women with the A blood group gene - were
protected from this effect of diminished ovarian reserve.

"From the population we studied, and the fact it was two different centres and
there was a good mix of patients ethnically and racially, we can say that blood
type O was associated with an FSH level greater than 10 in women seeking
infertility evaluation and/or treatment.

"Patients with blood type O seeking infertility evaluation at these centres have
a higher likelihood to be diagnosed with elevated FSH and hence manifest
diminished ovarian reserve."

Dr Nejat said FSH levels were just one marker of fertility and more studies were
needed.

"A woman's age remains the most important factor in determining her success of
conceiving.

"The baseline FSH gives us an idea of the quality and quantity of a woman's
eggs."

Tony Rutherford, chair of the British Fertility Society, said: "This is the
first time that I'm aware of that researchers have shown a link between blood
group and potential for fertility."

However, he said there were other hormones that predicted diminished ovarian
reserve which were also important.

"This is interesting and it shows a potential link but we really need to look at
it with these other, more up to date tests of ovarian reserve."

Mr Rutherford said a bigger study would need to be carried out in the general
population to see if blood group caused potential problems for all women trying
to conceive.

"We need to look at a prospective group of women to see if blood group affects
your chance of getting pregnant," he said.

"This needs further exploration."

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YPOS


                       Copyright 2010 Johnston Press Plc
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 27, 1993 Wednesday

The pressure on Mulroney is from within   ANALYSIS " The economy sputters, the
polls are   low and the speculation continues, but the Prime   Minister hears
only the voices that matter to him

BYLINE: HUGH WINSOR; GAM

LENGTH: 920 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY HUGH WINSOR
Parliamentary Bureau
  Ottawa
 WHATEVER Prime Minister Brian Mulroney tells his cabinet tomorrow and
then his caucus this weekend about his personal intentions, the words will
come from his own political sensibility rather than as the result of any
arm-twisting from his party.

The speculation in the capital about Mr. Mulroney's plans continues
unabated, increased rather than diminished by the television appearance of
Hugh Segal, the Prime Minister's chief of staff, on Sunday. Having agreed
to go on CBC Television to argue that Mr. Mulroney was staying, Mr. Segal
responded to the crucial question with evasive answers that diminished his
credibility.

But with the exception of a couple of murmurs from previously unheard-
of backbenchers, Mr. Mulroney has not been pressed to show his hand.

There has been nothing comparable to the British tradition where "the
men in dark suits," representing financiers and party organizers, tell the
Conservative prime minister of the day that the time is up.

Nor is it necessary, says a retired Conservative cabinet minister who
is convinced the Prime Minister will be talked into resigning by his
friends. "Unlike John Diefenbaker, Brian Mulroney can take advice. When he
got into trouble was when the advice was sugar-coated. He does much better
when he is given the straight goods."

He believes the advice that it would be better for him to step down is
coming from national election-campaign chairman John Tory and from Mr.
Segal.

But the reason the speculation continues so vigorously is that not even
senior and experienced Tories can be sure what is about to happen.
Seasoned pros such as former campaign chairman Norman Atkins and fellow
senator Finlay MacDonald differ over the Prime Minister's future.

Before getting on a plane for holiday in Hawaii this week, Mr. Atkins
gave Mr. MacDonald odds of 3-1 on a bet that Mr. Mulroney would have
resigned by the time he returns to Canada.

The fact that Mr. Mulroney has not come under any direct pressure to
make way for a new leader - despite defeat of the constitutional proposals
in the referendum, the failure of any tangible benefits from his
government's economic policies and the Conservatives' low standing in the
polls - shows how the Prime Minister has built up party unity.

Gone are the days remembered by former Ontario Conservative government
whip Milton (Bud) Gregory: "When there's trouble, we Conservatives like to
draw the wagons in a circle and shoot inwards."

But even if no Tories are shooting at him directly, Mr. Mulroney is
facing the prevailing winds, the strongest of which is the all-pervasive
message of change that blows across the border from the United States.

He has to answer the question of whether a new leader of the
Conservative Party would be better able to respond to that desire for
change.

And if his party's current policies are unpopular, does a government
that has been below 20 per cent in the polls for three years have the
moral legitimacy to undertake a radical shift?

In addition to unpopular policies and the lack of any improvement in
the economy, the Prime Minister remains personally unpopular.

Mr. Mulroney is also acutely aware of the manoeuvring by supporters of
several would-be leadership candidates. Even though the potential
candidates have been publicly discreet, their agents' recruiting activity
had become so unseemly that Mr. Segal felt it was necessary to squelch it
publicly.

"There has been nothing comparable to the conspiracies and intrigue
that were going on in 1982 and 1983," said Tory MP Alan Redway, recalling
the Mulroney team's efforts to dump Joe Clark as Tory leader. But members
of Mr. Redway's riding executive have been sounded out about several
possible leadership candidates.

Even though Mr. Segal's description ("He doesn't act like someone about
to quit") has not convinced many Tories that Mr. Mulroney is determined to
lead them into the next election, it may have bought some time until the
question has to be addressed in earnest.

One of the factors favouring a Mulroney decision to stay and fight the
next election is the Prime Minister's conviction that he is a superior
campaigner to Liberal Leader Jean Chretien and NDP Leader Audrey
McLaughlin. In addition, the Tories can put together a more skilled team
of organizers and have more financial resources than either of the other
major parties.

The results of the referendum have taken some of the shine off Mr.
Mulroney's reputation as a great campaigner. But Mr. Mulroney is still
seized with the Quebec question. Although recent polls show that
Conservative support in the province has been leached away by the Bloc
Quebecois, Mr. Mulroney still feels an obligation to his Quebec caucus.

He is also given more credit in Quebec for sincerity than he receives
elsewhere. This, combined with the question marks about Premier Robert
Bourassa's political future, may balance competing pressures.

Aside from the public and political considerations, there are many
personal and family considerations for Mr. Mulroney, including his view of
his place in history. By quitting now, he has an unbroken record of wins
and an impressive number of firsts. But if he chooses to stay and his
party is defeated in the fall, he goes out a loser rather than a winner.

There are some party activists who believe the Conservatives would fare
better with a new leader. But they are not going to push Mr. Mulroney
against his will because, in the words of one of them, "most Tories
believe he has done the right things, even if the rest of the country
disagrees with them."

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            July 22, 2009 Wednesday

Legal, news connection: Ninth Circuit Judicial Conference panel warns how
newsroom cuts could impact the law

BYLINE: By JULIA REYNOLDS Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 598 words


It's not breaking news that U.S. newspapers   and other media outlets   are
laying off reporters in droves.

Last year, 5,900 of them lost their jobs, according to the American Society of
News Editors.

But some wonder: As the traditional watchdogs disappear, who will fill the void?

One answer: public relations people, or as some call them, spin doctors.

That development worries National Public Radio legal affairs reporter Nina
Totenberg. Reporters, especially experienced ones, are necessary to "translate
the role of the court to the public," Totenberg told a gathering of judges in
Monterey on Tuesday.

The woman trusted by listeners across the nation as their window into the U.S.
Supreme Court spoke on a panel at the annual Ninth Circuit Judicial Conference,
held this week at the Hyatt Regency. The Ninth Circuit includes appeals, federal
trial and bankruptcy courts in nine Western states, as well as Guam and the
Mariana Islands.

Totenberg joined in a discussion of how diminished newsrooms and budgets are
affecting the nation's legal system and, ultimately, the public.

Chief District Judge Robert Lasnik of Washington told the roomful of judges and
their staffs that with an increasing dearth of news reporters, federal courts
are becoming proactive in getting information to the public. This can take the
form of legal opinions and decisions posted on official court Web sites   and
more press releases.

Federal law enforcement agencies are "filling the gap" left by news media,
Lasnik said. "Information gets out."

But he acknowledged that a press release from the government is likely to be
"glowing about the U.S. attorney."

Lasnik, whose district includes Seattle and Tacoma, first studied journalism in
college, but later   some might say wisely   he switched to law.

In a sense, he said, the courts now find themselves "saving the media" by
posting many documents online and sending out timely press releases. But the
legal system should not have to bear the information burden alone, he said.

While the courts have done their share of acting as watchdogs that root out
corruption, that task has long been shared by investigative reporters. They are
often among the first to go when newsrooms make cuts.

Totenberg said the public loses background information and insight when
reporters who still have jobs are required to constantly file spot news to keep
up with endless online news cycles.

"What that means is that they don't know anything," she said. "If I had to
actually file all day, online, about a Supreme Court opinion, I would have no
time to read the opinion."

Totenberg puts part of the blame on media corporate boards that are not content
with existing, though diminished, profit margins.

"My question is, 'What's enough? What as a society do we think about this?'"

Finding new ways to pay for good news gathering, she said, is "the soft
underbelly of the problem."

David Lat, founding editor of the legal affairs blog "Above the Law," is less
worried. Although news blogs have a reputation for unreliability   "Maybe we
bloggers have a public relations problem," he said   their role is changing.

Mainstream media are using more analysis and "getting more bloggy," he said,
while blogs are becoming "more newsy." And big media, especially the cable news
channels, he said, can "bloviate" as much any blogger.

One way or another, Lasnik said, journalist watchdogs must find ways to survive,
because the "real checks on the tyranny of power are a free and open media and
an independent U.S. courts system."

Julia Reynolds can be reached at 648-1187 or jreynolds@montereyherald.com

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday

NHL Needs To Prioritize Its Economics

BYLINE: KEVIN GREENSTEIN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 1071 words


In the next few days, it's expected that the National Hockey League Players'
Association will announce that Boston-based lawyer Paul Kelly will become the
fourth executive director in the union's 40-year history. The union's selection
committee is believed to have chosen Kelly by a unanimous vote, and they were
expected to officially recommend his hiring on a conference call with the
players yesterday.

A former U.S. assistant district attorney, Kelly tried to have the founder of
the NHLPA, Alan Eagleson, extradited to America to face charges of fraud and
embezzlement in the late 1990s. Eagleson later accepted a plea bargain under
which he was fined in America and sentenced to 18 months in a Canadian
correctional facility. Having undergone that tremendous effort, Kelly no doubt
understands better than most the unique machinations of the NHLPA and its
history of corruption and confrontation.

"(Kelly's) a great choice for players and families, and for the game and their
fans," said Hall of Fame hockey writer Russ Conway. "The reason is because he
can get things done in a manner that isn't always a battle and a war. He has the
ability to get people to listen to different points of view? He isn't a
warmonger."

The hiring of Kelly comes at a critical time for the NHL and its players. Though
a rosy picture has been painted regarding fast-rising league-wide revenue, there
are some causes for very serious concern that he'll need to immediately address.

Two weeks ago, the Detroit Red Wings played their home opener to scores of empty
seats at the Joe Louis Arena. Many observers correctly pointed out that the
Wings have more competition for the disposable income of area sports fans, and
that the auto industry's struggles are reducing the fans' disposable income. But
there's another possible reason behind the diminished ticket sales.

Because of the way the Collective Bargaining Agreement (CBA) functions, most NHL
owners actually have no choice but to raise ticket prices and/or keep them at a
level that many loyal fans cannot afford to pay.

The players are now guaranteed about 55% of league revenue. In theory, that
provides "cost certainty" for the owners. But in reality, all it guarantees is
that the fans will continue to be squeezed. Approximately 93% of NHL revenue is
generated locally, meaning inarena and local TV. Without question, the NHL is a
gate-driven business. Only about 3% of NHL revenue comes from its national TV
contract with Versus, and the $70 million total is dwarfed by what the NFL, MLB,
NBA, and NASCAR rake in.

Now, as long as the other costs contained with the remaining 45% of league
revenue continue to rise - and inflation ensures that they will - there's only
one way for owners to maintain profit levels, much less see them rise: to raise
ticket prices. So if a 10% ticket price increase results in only a 5% drop-off
in attendance, it could be argued that the price hike is a sound business
maneuver. With that, look for the owners to continue raising ticket prices until
the point where the diminished attendance outweighs the benefit of the higher
prices.

Prior to the 2004-05 lockout, former S.E.C. chairman Arthur Levitt famously said
that the NHL was on "a treadmill to obscurity." But some critical concerns are
far worse today than they were back then. Prior to the lockout, the owners
actually had the option to pay the players less than 55% of their revenues.
Today, the payroll minimums force struggling teams like the Nashville Predators
and Phoenix Coyotes to spend more on players than they can probably afford.

Perhaps short-term profit and revenue goals can be met by hiking the price of
hockey tickets. But in the long run, that will likely prove to be disastrous.
Nothing drives television viewership quite as well as a sold-out event, and when
casual fans tune in and see empty seats in the most coveted sections, it sends a
clear message that hockey isn't must-watch TV.

In Nashville, the expected purchase by a local ownership group looks to be
falling through, and Canadian businessman Jim Balsillie has again emerged as the
most likely candidate to purchase the team. Balsillie has made it abundantly
clear that he wants to move the Predators to Canada, even going so far as to
sell ticket deposits online at Ticketmaster. ca. His latest offer for the team
includes a higher penalty for breaking the lease and relocating the team,
perhaps as good an indication as any of just how lucrative he thinks moving the
team to Hamilton could be.

Further complicating matters, recent contracts handed out to high-profile
players such as Daniel Briere, Scott Gomez, and Thomas Vanek were front-loaded.
All three players are earning $10 million this season, though their cost against
the salary cap is substantially lower (the total value of the contract divided
by the number of years).

As a result, there will be a secondary market down the road, where over-the-hill
veterans are highly coveted by small-market teams. Acquiring players such as
Briere, Gomez, and Vanek at the ends of their respective contracts will bring
their new teams closer to the payroll minimum without costing them much in terms
of real dollars. But such maneuvers will hardly help these teams to ice
competitive lineups.

When the large-market teams figure this out - and every indication is that they
already have - the disparity in talent between large- and small-market teams
will become greater than it's ever been. The answer, without question, lies in
the partnership between the owners and players, and in the ability of both sides
to cooperate and grow league-wide (national) revenues. By doing so, the NHL's
economic structure will begin to more closely mirror that of the NFL and NBA,
where small-market teams have a much better shot at competing for championships.

Recent online initiatives with the likes of Apple and YouTube are hugely
positive steps. The NHL is uncharacteristically making its content readily
available to fans in a wide variety of formats and options, in sharp contrast to
the NFL's staunch refusal to do so. Should they continue to be forward-thinking
with regard to online content distribution - and should Kelly succeed in
fostering a more cooperative relationship between the players and owners - look
for the NHL to finally get off the treadmill and start gaining ground on its
less progressive rivals.

Mr. Greenstein is the editor in chief of InsideHockey.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    December 18, 1992, Friday, Final Edition

Lois Romano

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE D3; THE RELIABLE SOURCE

LENGTH: 878 words


Barry Goldwater, Leaning to the Left?

Still caustic, blunt and engaging, Barry Goldwater now views the world from his
hilltop home in Paradise Valley, Ariz.

At 83, Goldwater, the former senator and '64 GOP presidential nominee, is more
active than he has been in years, helped no doubt by his marriage this year to a
physical therapist some 30 years his junior.

He walks with a cane, having had both knees, both hips and a shoulder joint
replaced due to arthritis -- but that hasn't diminished his political awareness.
He does few interviews these days -- but that hasn't diminished his unvarnished
frankness.

He confided to Post special correspondent Don Harris that President Bush ran the
"worst campaign" he ever saw. And predicted Bill Clinton will "do all right."

His staunch conservatism seems to have softened around the edges. Imagine: He
campaigned this year for a Democratic female congressional candidate, who won,
and he helped defeat a state measure that would have banned all abortions except
to save the life of the mother.

Although Goldwater's late first wife, Peggy, was one of the founders of Planned
Parenthood, the senator maintained an antiabortion stance. Now, he says, it's up
to the woman.

And he seems to have little tolerance for the so-called religious right.

"I have a basic anti feeling against these professional TV preachers who do
nothing but raise money, money, money," Goldwater said, his voice lowering. "I
could turn the television set on right now, and I'll lay you odds there'll be
some preacher either singing songs or asking for money. ... I don't think God
should be sold for money."

Goldwater says he even voted in favor of the hotly contested -- and ultimately
successful -- bill for a paid state holiday for Martin Luther King Jr.'s
birthday, although he wasn't completely sold on the idea. And lastly, if there
ever was an issue that shows how much Goldwater has mellowed, it's gay rights.
Earlier this year he testified in favor of a Phoenix gay rights ordinance,
arguing against placing the measure before voters.

"I thought they were going to make a mistake," he said, adding, "I'm not even an
honorary gay." After a brief pause, and with a twinkle in his eye, he said: "I
have a couple of them in my family that I can't talk about."

He professes to have mixed feelings about term limits, but does note: "I look
back on my 30 years in the Senate and I think I can truthfully say that after 12
years I'd about shot my wad."



WE'VE HEARD THAT...

Hillary Clinton is being swamped with offers from designers -- eager not only to
make her inaugural gown but to clothe her in general. Randy Kemper, already a
Clinton favorite, said yesterday that he is indeed shipping out a selection of
size 8s for her consideration: a navy blue viscose suit with gold trim buttons;
a rose-pink riding jacket with black velvet collar with a black skirt and
turtleneck; and a red tartan-plaid Shantung jacket with black velvet shawl
collar and black velvet skirt. Still no word on who'll be making the inaugural
gown, but Clinton aide Lisa Caputo says Clinton may well look to "showcase a
designer from Arkansas."


Both Princess Diana and Fergie, also known as the Duchess of York, may be
looking to set up satellite domiciles in the Big Apple, the New York Post
reports.


"Preppy Killer" Robert Chambers, who is serving a five- to 15-year sentence for
the 1986 strangulation of Jennifer Levin in Manhattan, has been denied parole.
He hasn't been exactly a model prisoner (in '90 he was accused of assaulting a
guard and in '89 was accused several times of possessing marijuana) and has
spent several months in "lockdown."


In the art-reflecting-life category, a major pharmaceutical company has shot a
test ad featuring women who are either HIV-positive or have breast cancer, aimed
at promoting public support for speeding up the Food and Drug Administration's
drug-approval process. The firm does not want to be identified until it makes a
decision on whether it will air the ad nationally.


Poor New York Post gossipteer Cindy Adams seems to be having some trouble with
photographs this week. On Tuesday, she ran a picture of a man identified as
Robert Staudinger, the boss of a call-girl service -- but the photo was actually
of an assistant New York district attorney. She ran a correction and second
photo identified as Staudinger Wednesday -- and that one turned out to be
another assistant DA. Yesterday, she ran another correction. But, fortunately,
she gave up on trying to picture Staudinger.



The Circle's Winners

The New York Film Critics Circle, long a bellwether for the Oscars, yesterday
named the Hollywood satire "The Player" its best picture of the year. Robert
Altman won best director for the film.

Emma Thompson racked up best actress for the film adaptation of E.M. Forster's
"Howards End," and Denzel Washington took best actor in the title role of
"Malcolm X."

Best supporting actor went to Gene Hackman for his turn in Clint Eastwood's
"Unforgiven." Miranda Richardson was best supporting actress for her work in
"The Crying Game," "Damage" and "Enchanted April."

Best documentary was "Brother's Keeper," and best new director was Allison
Enders for "Gas Food Lodging."




LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, BARRY GOLDWATER, STANDING TALL, BUT TILTING.; PHOTO; PHOTO,
JAMES K.W. ATHERTON

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1992 The Washington Post


                              732 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Daily Deal (New York, NY)

                           December 18, 2001 Tuesday

Netila nets $4M for cheaper VPN offering

BYLINE: by Vyvyan Tenorio

SECTION: VC

LENGTH: 468 words

HIGHLIGHT: The Somerset, N.J. provider of secure remote networking systems,
initially aimed to raise $7 million for the second round, but scaled back to $4
million because of diminished VC appetites.


High cost has long been a drawback to the much-vaunted virtual private networks
that allow secure remote access to corporate networks. A cheaper alternative is
offered by Netilla Networks Inc., a Somerset, N.J. provider of secure remote
networking systems, which is set to announce today a $4 million Series B funding
from existing investors.

The 21/2-year-old company's cost-saving pitch targets small and mid-size
enterprises without the in-house expertise to build the VPNs nor the money to
pay carriers for managed VPNs.

Despite depressed corporate spending, the company has increased revenue and
customers in the past year, enough to persuade investors to ante up additional
money to take it to profitability by the end of 2002.

"It's a testament to the progress they've made in getting market traction in the
past year," said Frederick Beste, a partner with Mid-Atlantic Venture Funds of
Bethlehem, Pa. "They're not there yet, and it's very challenging."

Beste said the company initially aimed to raise $7 million for the second round
but scaled back to $4 million because of the diminished VC appetite.

The valuation was lower than the $6.5 million Series A that was completed in
January, but terms were not disclosed.

Netilla CEO and co-founder Reggie Best said the company did not seek new
investors because existing investors were "very eager" to underwrite the round
themselves.

Returning investors were Telecommunications Development Fund, Ascend Venture
Group llc, Bencas Capital llc, Early Stage Enterprises LP, Fleet Development
Ventures llc, New Jersey Telecommunications Fund and Tarantella Inc.

Hale & Dorr's David Sorin in the Princeton, N.J., office represented Netilla.

Netilla, and closest competitor Neoteris Inc. of Sunnyvale, Calif., both offer a
single platform that gives client users and their employees and business
partners remote access to their servers.

Large enterprises have relied on traditional VPNs using software based on the
standard called Internet Protocol Security, or Ipsec, used by traditional VPN
providers such as Cisco Systems Inc. of San Jose, Calif.; Enterasys Networks
Inc. of Rochester, N.H.; and Nortel Networks Corp. of Brampton, Ontario.

Others use a server-based computing software made by Citrix Systems Inc. of Fort
Lauderdale, Fla., but they have to buy separate authentication services outside.

Best, on his third startup after selling AccessWorks Communications Inc. to 3Com
Corp. of Santa Clara, Calif., in 1995, said Netilla's system can provide all the
key elements needed on a single platform, enabling substantial cost reductions
at shorter installation times.

Currently, it has 55 customers, including Frankford Hospital in Philadelphia and
Alexander Randolph Inc., in Tysons Corner, Va.

www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Venture Capital

                         Copyright 2001 The Deal L.L.C.


                              733 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 9, 2013 Sunday

OPEN MIKE Miami nice What happened to hating the Heat?

BYLINE: Mike Vaccaro

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 83

LENGTH: 598 words


MAYBE you will tell me I'm wrong. Maybe you'll tell me there is as much dislike
and distaste in your heart now as there was almost three years ago, when three
freshly signed members of the Miami Heat declared, before they ever had played a
second together, that they were on the precipice of winning seven or eight
titles in a row.

Maybe you feel as you did two years ago, when you and a large percentage of the
basketball-watching populace north and west of South Beach adopted the Dallas
Mavericks, rooting for Texas in a way that made an even larger percentage feel
queasy and uneasy, but feeling it was all worth it in the end.

Maybe.

But I don't sense the Heat are anywhere near as reviled as they used to be.
Maybe I'm wrong. I hope I'm wrong. Because I miss it. I do. I miss all the
anger, all the venom, all the bile that used to be lobbed at LeBron James,
Dwyane Wade and the other kids like so many slings and arrows.

I miss feeling as if we had a basketball version of the Yankees, a team that
could be equally beloved and loathed, a team that could inspire fierce devotions
and even fiercer damning. Don't you remember that first year together, the way
every move the Heat made was followed and furiously chronicled?

Don't you remember how the very existence of the Heat made for some very
strange, and very uncomfortable, bedfellows? Forget the nation lining up behind
Dirk Nowitzki and the Mavs; the Heat actually made the country rally around the
Celtics, of all teams. Think about that.

And now

Well, when the Heat faced an elimination game against the Pacers, there were
plenty (your humble narrator included) who felt Indiana could win the game, but
as foolish as that prediction turned out to be, it was a clear-headed and
unpolluted choice: The head said the Pacers could win as a matter of basketball;
it wasn't the heart hoping the would as a matter of principle.

And now, down a game to the Spurs in the Finals? There may be people outside of
San Antonio hoping the elder Big Three steals the title from the younger
version, but that seems to be borne far more out of admiration for a tough,
veteran team and their magnificent if ornery coach than out of any blind hatred
for the Heat.

And how did that happen?

I think it started in Game 6 against the Celtics last year, which really was the
last time the Heat had the entire universe stacked up against them. LeBron was
so over-the-top brilliant that a lot of basketball fans probably felt guilty
they ever let their distaste over The Decision blind them so; that was a
performance for the ages.

Maybe it was the realization, a few weeks later, that a player such as LeBron
should be a champion at least once in his lifetime and if it had to come, let it
come against a team such as the Thunder who (we were sure) would have many more
chances to win.

LeBron has become far more likeable, too, distancing himself from The Decision,
growing in stature. And the Heat's winning streak seemed to capture that segment
of a lot of hearts that beams at historical achievement.

You add it all together, factor in Wade's diminished status and Chris Bosh's
diminished stature and the fact it's hard to hate guys like Shane Battier and
Mike Miller and Mario Chalmers and even the Birdman   well, you may not want the
Heat to win, but you don't want them to spit up all over themselves anymore,
either, the way you did as recently as last spring. And I miss that.

Maybe I'm wrong. Maybe I've just overlooked it. Maybe still its there.

In a weird way, I hope I am.

michael.vaccaro@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cold comfort: The hatred for glum Heat stars LeBron James (left) and
Dwyane Wade seems to have dissipated, says The Post's Mike Vaccaro. AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                American Banker

                              May 23, 2005 Monday

Thieves Shifting from Cards To Demand Deposit Accounts?

BYLINE: Daniel Wolfe

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; Pg. 18 Vol. 170 No. 98

LENGTH: 557  words


Frustrated by protections against card fraud, scam artists are gunning

for consumer deposit accounts -- and many banks, considering such accounts

safer, are unprepared, some observers say.

"As the credit card fraud opportunity has diminished, it is apparent that

professional frauds have tended to migrate to compromise other consumer

financial products, most of them associated with demand deposit accounts,"

said Ted Crooks, the vice president of fraud protection solutions at the

Minneapolis credit technology company Fair Isaac Corp.

"As a result, fraud rates on deposit accounts have generally grown as

those on credit cards have diminished," he said in an e-mail.

Mr. Crooks said this trend was the "natural, opportunistic migration from

a product necessarily heavily protected to products where there has been less

emphasis on fraud suppression."

Avivah Litan, a vice president and research director at the Stamford,

Conn., market research company Gartner Inc., said one reason for this shift

is that safeguards for credit card accounts are working.

Visa U.S.A. said its credit card fraud rate in 2004 was just 0.05% of

transaction volume, down from 0.13% in 1990. That was the lowest ever, Ms.

Litan said, but one consequence has been to make demand deposit accounts more

attractive targets.

In a survey she conducted of adult Internet users, 1.3% reported at least

one fraudulent transfer out of their bank accounts, she said. (The study did

not include check fraud.) It was her first such study, but anecdotal evidence

suggests that attacks on deposit accounts are increasing, she said.

"Deposit accounts are in the dark ages," Ms. Litan said. "They need to

wake up and join credit card accounts."

American Banker contacted numerous banks, but none were willing to

discuss the issue of rising attacks on deposit accounts.

Gwenn Bezard, a research director at Aite Group LLC of Boston, said

deposit accounts are not inherently riskier than credit card accounts but are

"more exposed than they used to be." That is because there are more ways to

gain access to them, including automated clearing house transfers and online

banking, he said.

Amir Orad, the executive vice president of marketing for Cyota Inc., a

New York vendor of security technology, said phone and Internet banking have

made theft easier. "Bad guys prefer those channels," he said.

The Internet has facilitated these attacks, because criminals now trade

or sell banking passwords and other personal details over the Web, Mr. Orad

said.

Richard A. Parry, a JPMorgan Chase & Co. executive, said crooks have

figured out that deposit accounts can be back doors to credit accounts -- for

example, if a checking account is linked to a home equity line.

Fraudsters prefer the path of least resistance, but they will become more

resourceful over time, said Mr. Parry, the company's senior vice president for

consumer risk management. "The only way we can avoid our losses completely is

to not do business," he said at a March conference hosted by Cyota.

Cyota and Fair Isaac have recently introduced products and services meant

to spot remote-channel attacks on deposit accounts. Cyota's eSphinx evaluates

the risk for each transaction initiated through a remote channel; Fair

Isaac's FalconOne software is meant to help banks develop safeguards against

future scams.

http://www.americanbanker.com http://www.sourcemedia.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: a


                        Copyright 2005 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday

End of "Fire Season" declared; wet, cold weather brings new hazards

BYLINE: BY PAULA M. FELIPE/Public Safety Reporter

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 664 words


The recent wet weather has prompted an end to the fire season, according to a
press release by CAL FIRE/Butte County Fire.

With the threat of wildfire greatly diminished, the department has declared the
end of fire season as of 8 a.m. on Monday, Oct. 15. The declaration lifts
restrictions placed on dooryard debris burning in the unincorporated areas of
Butte and Plumas counties. Residents in these areas may burn vegetative waste
without a burn permit until May 1, 2008, when permits will be required, the
press release said.

"While the threats of wildfires are diminished with the rain, the increasing
fire dangers will come from home heating. There is a rise in house fires during
the winter that usually peaks in January or February. People need to have their
chimneys and flues inspected once a year," said Janet Upton from CAL FIRE/Butte
County Fire.

The changing weather also affects road conditions, so drivers are warned by the
California Highway Patrol to drive safely according to the road and weather
conditions.

"Typically, with the first rains, the oil on the roadway floats to the surface
and reduces the effectiveness of one's brakes as tires don't have their normal
traction," said Officer Tag Euritt of the CHP office in Oroville.

"People need to slow down. They drive way too fast and also you should leave
enough space in between your vehicle and the vehicle in front of you," he added.

Euritt also warned with the holidays approaching, drivers should never drink
alcohol and attempt to drive a vehicle. He reminds people of the dangers of
traffic collisions and also the costs of a first time misdemeanor DUI, including
court costs, insurance costs, attorney fees, lost work time to go to court,
among other costs, which can run to more than $10,000.

Colder weather in January and February can also bring ice and sleet to the
roadways, and fog is always a concern to drivers on the roadway, so be aware of
the weather and road conditions, he said.

CAL FIRE/Butte County Fire responds to about 1,000 traffic collisions in their
response area in the county.

To protect against house fires, residents are urged to consider these tips for
home heating safety by CAL FIRE/Butte County Fire:

Have your chimney/flue checked at least once a year by a certified professional.

Burn only clean, dry wood in woodstoves and fireplaces.

When purchasing new heating equipment, make certain it bears the mark of an
independent testing laboratory.

Always read and follow the manufacturer's directions when using any new
equipment.

Never use heaters designed for outdoor use in doors.

Never place anything that can burn near a heat source - a minimum distance of at
least 36" is recommended by the National Fire Protection Association.

Never leave portable or space heaters unattended.

Install approved smoke and carbon monoxide detectors in the home ­ at least one
on every floor and one in every room used for sleeping. Check the batteries once
a month and change them twice a year.

Remember, carbon monoxide gas is colorless, odorless and deadly.

If you have a liquid fueled space heater, use only the fuel recommended by the
manufacturer. Never use gasoline or any other substitute fuel. Make sure the
fuel is stored away from heat in the proper type container and clearly labeled.

Never burn charcoal or barbecues indoors.

Portable LP gas (Propane) heaters with self-contained fuel supplies (cabinet
heaters) are prohibited for home use by National Fire Protection Association
standards.

For more info on how to heat your home safely, call the CAL FIRE/Butte County
Fire Department's Prevention Bureau at (530) 538-7888.

CAL Fire/Butte County Fire Department provides year round response to
emergencies of all types with two hundred permanent personnel and seventeen
stations staffed year round 24/7 throughout the county, including the cities of
Biggs and Gridley.

Additional personnel are hired during the peak fire season months to augment
permanent firefighters, the CAL FIRE press release said.

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                              June 17, 2016 Friday

Fed dials back rate increase plans;
Shaky economic growth in America disappoints expectations of investors

BYLINE: BINYAMIN APPELBAUM

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 1116 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

The central bank, which entered the year planning to raise rates four times, has
scaled back those plans as economic growth has disappointed expectations.

FULL TEXT

The Federal Reserve is struggling to adapt to an American economy that refuses
to boom.

The Fed said on Wednesday, after a two-day meeting of its policy-making
committee, that it would not raise its benchmark interest rate, and that future
increases were most likely to unfold at a slower pace.

The seven-year period since the end of the Great Recession  has become one of
the longest economic expansions in American history and, at the same time, one
of the most disappointing. The Fed, in a statement announcing its decision,
noted what had become a typical mix of good news and bad.

Economic output has increased while job growth has slowed, the Fed said.
Consumers are spending more while companies are making fewer investments.
Exports are rebounding, but Britain's June 23 referendum on whether to leave the
European Union could set off another round of disruptions.

''Recent economic indicators have been mixed, suggesting that our cautious
approach to adjusting monetary policy remains appropriate,'' the Fed chairwoman,
Janet L. Yellen, told a news conference.

The decision to wait was unanimous. Even Esther L. George, the president of the
Federal Reserve Bank of Kansas City, Mo., who voted to raise rates at the Fed's
last few meetings, agreed this time that the moment was not ripe. Ms. Yellen
said, ''The labor market appears to have slowed down, and we need to assure
ourselves that the underlying momentum in the economy has not diminished.''

Investors already are heavily discounting the chances of a rate increase at the
Fed's next meeting in July, or at the following meeting in September. Those
chances, derived from asset prices, stood at 12 percent and 28 percent
respectively on Wednesday, according to the Chicago Mercantile Exchange.

In this environment of tepid growth and weak inflation, Fed officials once again
dialed back their expectations for future rate increases. The Fed in December
had predicted four rate increases this year. On Wednesday, the Fed released new
projections showing that 15 of its 17 policy makers now expected no more than
two increases this year, and six of those officials predicted just one.

Even more striking, the median prediction of Fed officials was that the central
bank's benchmark rate would rise to just 2.4 percent by the end of 2018, down
from the March median of 3 percent. That suggests officials increasingly regard
mediocre global economic growth as an enduring malaise.

The Fed also appears increasingly open to the view that a shift in basic
economic dynamics, driven by factors like lower productivity growth and an aging
population, is holding down interest rates. That means low rates are less
stimulative than they would have been in earlier eras. ''It means that long
rates can remain low without causing the economy to overheat, and therefore the
urgency of tightening is very substantially diminished,'' said Andrew Levin, a
Dartmouth College economist.

Markets are even more pessimistic than the Fed. The yield on the benchmark
10-year Treasury fell to 1.58 percent on Wednesday, the lowest level since 2012.
That is part of a broader decline in global rates that, in recent days, also has
sent the yield on 10-year German debt below zero for the first time.

Equity markets, which in recent years have often celebrated when central banks
hold down rates, also declined modestly on Wednesday. The Standard & Poor's
500-stock index fell 0.18 percent to close at 2,071.50.

Fed officials increasingly think the economy has exited its postcrisis period,
according to economic projections the central bank published on Wednesday. The
recovery, in other words, may not be complete, but it is over. Most officials
predicted stable growth around 2 percent over the next few years, and they
foresaw little if any additional decline in the unemployment rate, which fell to
4.7 percent in May, the lowest level unemployment had reached since 2007, before
the recession.

But economic growth has disappointed expectations, and the Fed's benchmark rate
remains in a range between 0.25 and 0.5 percent after a single rate increase
last December.

As recently as late May, Ms. Yellen predicted the Fed would raise rates in ''the
coming months.'' On Wednesday, she downgraded a summer move to ''not
impossible.''

Jon Faust, an economist at Johns Hopkins University and a former adviser to Ms.
Yellen, said that the Fed was standing still because the basic economic
situation had been remarkably stable. For the last several years, the labor
market has gradually improved while inflation has been sluggish.

''I suspect that the core policy developments have never been so static for so
long,'' Mr. Faust wrote.

Under those circumstances it makes perfect sense for the Fed to watch and wait.
Consumer spending has driven domestic economic growth, and Ms. Yellen said that
she expected the trend to continue on the back of job growth and rising wages.
But Fed officials were surprised by the slow pace of job growth in May, when the
economy was estimated to have added just 38,000 jobs. And a Fed index that
summarizes labor market conditions has fallen to the lowest level in seven
years.

Officials also have expressed increased concern about inflation expectations,
which play a significant role in determining future inflation. (Workers, for
example, may seek larger raises if they expect prices to rise more quickly.) The
University of Michigan's consumer survey reported last week that consumers
expected 2.3 percent annual inflation in five years, the lowest level in the
survey's history.

Ms. Yellen emphasized again on Wednesday that Fed officials also saw significant
risks in moving too quickly. Because interest rates already are low, the Fed has
little room to ease conditions if growth falters. Officials say it will be
easier to respond to faster inflation than to an economic downturn.

Some economists see evidence that the Fed itself is playing a role in the
slowdown. The Fed raised rates in December for the first time since the
financial crisis, and officials have made clear that they would like to keep
raising rates. Moreover, the decline in the Fed's projection of long-term
interest rates suggests that the Fed may have underestimated the impact of its
actions in December.

But Ms. Yellen said on Wednesday that the Fed's move in December amounted to a
small adjustment in rates, and that she did not agree with critics that it had
an outsize impact. ''I really don't think that a single rate increase in
December has had much significance for the outlook,'' she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 On Wall Street

                                   July 2015

Protecting Aging Clients;
How advisors can spot the hazards of diminished capacity.

BYLINE: Miriam Rozen

SECTION: STREETSCENE: THE WEALTH INDUSTRY; Pg. 9 Vol. 25 No. 7

LENGTH: 531  words


Make no mistake about it. Regulators will pay more attention in the near future
to advisors' relationships with the growing population of elderly clients.

With more states enacting legislation targeted at protecting seniors, and
lawsuits slamming wealth planners for failing to safeguard avidly enough their
elderly clients' interests, advisors surely recognize the trend.

When Rick Fleming, who is the first to be appointed to lead the SEC's
one-year-old Office of the Investor Advocate, spoke to an advisory conference
earlier this year, he highlighted his focus by citing statistics:

About 10,000 baby boomers will celebrate their 65th birthday every day from now
until 2030, he says.

By 2050, people age 65 and older are expected to make up 20% of the total U.S.
population - or one in five Americans.

There will be 19 million people age 85 or older by 2050.

The estimated number of people age 65 and older with Alzheimer's disease will
nearly triple to 16 million by 2050.

"It's not hard to see how diminished capacity and increasing dependence on
others can make people more vulnerable to financial exploitation and other forms
of elder abuse," Fleming says.

Indispensable Role

"It is my belief that the trusted advisor has an indispensable role in
protecting investors not only as they plan for retirement, but particularly as
they begin to face the special challenges and dangers of diminished capacity,"
he told his audience.

Mena Bielow-McAfee, the chief financial and compliance officer for Evensky &
Katz/Foldes Financial in Coral Gables, Fla., which has $1.5 billion in assets
under management, believes advisors, when providing services and products to
older clients, should also safeguard against their own potential liabilities by
paying special attention to red flags that draw regulators' attention.

Red Flags

First on her roster of such red flags: Exceeding elderly clients' risk tolerance
by having them pursue excessively speculative investing without adequately
disclosing those risks.

Not far behind would be engaging in excessive trading to generate commissions.

Exaggerating an investment's likely performance or guaranteeing returns to an
elderly client could easily prompt regulator scrutiny, she warns.

Never tell older clients that they "can't lose money," she says.

Finally, disclose all fees to the elderly, the Evensky & Katz compliance officer
recommends.

Complex Products

Advisors should also keep in mind a short list of investment products that
should be verboten for seniors, says elder law attorney Carolyn L. Rosenblatt of
AgingInvestors.com. These include non-traded REITS and variable annuities, she
says.

Rosenblatt is an author and a consultant to families struggling with elderly
parent issues and to financial planners who work with seniors.

Regulators won't want advisors selling elderly clients, "complicated,
difficult-to-explain investments products," Rosenblatt says.

Why? Because even elders with only the beginnings of diminished capacity may not
have the complex judgment skills required to determine the risks of especially
complicated products, Rosenblatt says.

Miriam Rozen is a contributing writer for On Wall Street and a staff reporter at
Texas Lawyer.

URL: http://www.OnWallStreet.com/

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: OWS


                        Copyright 2015 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            November 3, 2006 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

90% of the ocean's edible species may be gone by 2048, study finds;
29% of fish, shellfish populations 'collapsed'

BYLINE: Elizabeth Weise

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 490 words


Oversight of commercial fishing must be strengthened or there may eventually be
no more seafood.

That's the conclusion of a report in today's Science journal that predicts 90%
of the fish and shellfish species that are hauled from the ocean to feed people
worldwide may be gone by 2048.

Even now, 29% of those species have "collapsed," meaning a 90% decline in the
amount being fished from the sea, said Boris Worm, lead author and a professor
of marine conservation biology at Dalhousie University in Halifax, Canada.

"It is a very clear trend, and it is accelerating," Worm said. The paper
represents four years of work by an international team of researchers at various
universities who analyzed ocean species diversity over the past 1,000 years.

The team concludes that this trend can be reversed. "We need to implement
sustainable fishing methods, create marine sanctuaries where species can
replenish themselves and limit pollution from coastal areas," said Heike Lotze,
a marine ecologist at Dalhousie University.

"If the habitat is gone or the water's destroyed," the fish populations can't
bounce back, she said.

"We know how to do this. But it must be done soon," Worm said. "With each
species that is lost, the opportunity for the system to repair itself is
diminished."

The findings are too pessimistic and not true of the USA, said Steve Murawski,
chief scientist for the National Marine Fisheries Service, which oversees
fishing regions in U.S. waters.

Murawski said "aggressive fisheries management" is reducing the percentage of
U.S. overfished species, which he estimated is now 20%. U.S. fishing regions
represent about 10% of the world's catch.

Worldwide, overfishing is a big part of the problem, the researchers said.
"Every year it's estimated that human beings remove 150 million metric tons of
life from the seas," said Joshua Reichert, environment-program director at Pew
Charitable Trusts in Philadelphia.

But fishing isn't the only problem, the report states. The destruction of
coastal areas, estuaries and reefs by dredging, building and pollution destroys
nursery habitats for young fish.

As marine species disappear, the ability of others to survive is further harmed
by the drop in the ocean's overall productivity and stability, the researchers
found.

Fish and seafood are key protein sources for a world that's expected to add 3
billion more people by 2050. But it's also a problem for people who don't eat
fish. Sixty percent of Americans live within 60 miles of a coast. Declines in
marine biodiversity can:

*Increase coastal flooding because of the loss of floodplains and erosion
control provided by the wetlands, reefs and underwater vegetation that are a
cornerstone of marine life.

*Reduce water quality by destroying the plants, shellfish and fish that are the
ocean's biological filtering apparatus.

*Increase beach closure because of harmful algae blooms, such as red tide,
facilitated by diminished filtering.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, Color, Marcy E. Mullins, USA TODAY, Source: National Marine
Fisheries Service (Line graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2006 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             July 2, 2005 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

MEMORY LOSS WORRIES SON

BYLINE: By Dr. Allen Douma

SECTION: LIFESTYLES; The Family Doctor; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 534 words


Q: My 60-year-old father was injured in a car accident a few months ago. He had
to spend four days in the intensive care unit of our hospital because of
internal injuries. After that, his recovery went very well, physically.

I am concerned because now he gets panic attacks and his memory is not as good
as it was. In fact, he can barely remember that he was in the intensive care
unit. He is afraid that he is developing Alzheimer's disease. Can stress cause
Alzheimer's disease? Any advice would be appreciated.

-- F.F., Queens, N.Y.

A: It has been established in the medical literature -- and most of us have had
the personal experience -- that stress can cause memory problems. Some recent
studies found that 5 percent of people admitted to an intensive care unit for
trauma will forget most or all of that experience, and 5 percent will develop
post-traumatic stress syndrome.

Although memory is key to our functioning, we know little about how memory
works, much less about what happens when it's diminished. It has long been
thought that neurons in the brain code memory in a way similar to computers. But
some recent research has found that the brain's glial cells are very important
in memory as well. Until a few years ago, these cells were thought only to
support the nutrition of the neurons and to provide structure to the brain.

Post-traumatic stress disorder (PTSD) is characterized by a set of symptoms that
follow exposure to an extremely traumatic event. People who suffered severe
enough trauma to require admission to an intensive care unit would certainly
meet this definition.

The characteristic response to such a traumatic event includes intense fear,
helplessness or horror. People exposed to such an event persistently
re-experience the event, avoid reminders of it, demonstrate a diminished
responsiveness to the outside world, and show increased agitation and nervous
arousal. These symptoms usually begin within the first three months after the
trauma but may not be seen for many months, even years.

Many of these symptoms may have an impact on the function of memory. Almost
everyone I know over the age of 50 has worried from time to time about his or
her loss of memory. Perhaps your father has had more time to reflect during his
recuperation and the normal decrease in memory has become more troublesome.

I cannot tell whether or not PTSD is contributing to your and your father's
perception of increased memory problems. But, especially with his episodes of
panic, it's enough of a possibility that I recommend that he get a complete
evaluation, including psychological testing.

Although some people do develop Alzheimer's disease by age 60, it is not common.
And it is also not common for it to develop suddenly.

Another possibility is that your father developed minor brain damage during the
accident (either due to direct trauma or blood loss) that was overlooked at the
time. This possibility should be part of the evaluations of his symptoms.

Write to Allen Douma in care of Tribune Media Services, 2225 Kenmore Ave., Suite
114, Buffalo, N.Y. 14207; or contact him at DRFamily@aol.com. This column is not
intended to take the place of consultation with a health-care provider.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              740 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 16, 2015 Thursday

Veto hurts indigent wards of the state | Nonprofit scrambles to serve 100 people
after Rick Scott cuts $750,000 in funding

BYLINE: Barbara Peters Smith

SECTION: A; FL News; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 636 words


AGING

At least 20 elder or disabled adults in Southwest Florida who have no money, no
reliable family, a diminished ability to make their own decisions and nowhere to
turn for support are among the Floridians feeling the sting of Gov. Rick Scott's
record veto of $461.4 million in state

funding last month.

Scott vetoed $750,000 in funding for public guardianships this year for
indigent, incapacitated adults in Sarasota and Escambia counties. Lutheran
Services Florida, a nonprofit agency that handles state-funded guardianships in
these two counties, is now scrambling to serve 100 Sarasota County wards without
pay, and has stopped taking any new cases.

"We know there's at least 20 on the waiting list," said Chris Card, chief
operating officer for Lutheran Services. "We've had to lay off staff and
reorganize our whole organization to support the public guardianships we have.
It's not as robust a program as we want to offer them."

The moratorium means any elder unable to make decisions about where or how to
live, and lacking enough money to live on, cannot be given protection by
authorities unless attorneys and guardians take on the case for free. When wards
placed in guardianships have enough assets to cover their expenses, those assets
are used to pay the professionals who determine their fates.

The agency has resorted to such a freeze before, because of shortfalls in
donations during the Great Recession. During that two-year period, according to
Sarasota guardianship director Anne Ridings, the total number of new adult
guardianship cases in the 12th Judicial Circuit dropped by 25 percent.

A Herald-Tribune investigation last year revealed flaws in Florida's elder
guardianship system, and three reform bills were introduced in this year's
legislative session. One - HB 5, which introduced penalties for abusive
guardians - was signed into law by Scott. But most complaints have focused on
the for-profit guardianship industry, and not the taxpayer-funded public
guardianships for the poor that the state has been trying to expand to meet a
growing need.

A year ago, when Lutheran Services got its first grant from the Public
Guardianship Office of Florida, it took 18 new cases in the first two weeks,
Ridings said. Scott's veto this year of the same funding that had sailed through
in 2014 caught the agency off-guard.

"We were on our way to doing 280 public guardianships in Sarasota and
Pensacola," Card said. "We got to about 250, and were fully anticipating the
funding that was in place last year, because everything seemed to be working
very well. We were all surprised, and so was the state Office of Public
Guardianship, from what I can understand. I'm not going to pretend to understand
what the governor's thinking was."

In his veto letter, Scott said the Lutheran Services grant "duplicates already
existing statewide programs."

Scott spokesman John Tupps noted Wednesday that "in 2014, Florida became the
first state in the nation to establish a statewide public guardianship program,"
and Scott has authorized $6 million for the program since then. Tupps did not
give a specific reason for the denial of funds in this case.

Based on his conversations in Tallahassee, Card is hopeful that the veto
involved some kind of oversight.

"We believe it will be rectified next year in the state budget, and we have been
working on that with the governor's office," Card said.

In the meantime, he said, three positions in the Sarasota office have been cut,
and the agency is seeking donations from foundations and private citizens.
Anyone who would like to help - or sponsor a ward for $2,600 a year - can email
Ridings, at aridings@lsfnet.org, or call the agency at 358-6330.

"We're really in a bind here," Card added. "We're committed to serve these wards
under court order."

(Fact box available on PDF.)

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: AGING At least 20 elder or disabled adults in Southwest Florida who
have no money, no reliable family, a diminished ability to make their own
decisions and nowhere to turn for support are among the Floridians feeling the
sting of Gov. Rick Scott's record veto of $461.4 million in state funding last
month. Scott vetoed $750,000 in funding for public guardianships this year for
indigent, incapacitated adults in Sarasota and Escambia counties. Lutheran
Services Florida, a nonprofit agency that handles state-funded guardianships in
these two counties, is now scrambling to serve 100 Sarasota County wards without
pay, and has stopped taking any new cases.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            October 24, 2014 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

College football is must-see

BYLINE: JIM SOUHAN; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 688 words


This season, college football hasn't proved merely that Mississippi can produce
something wilder than Brett Favre's beard.

This season, college football has become America's most fascinating sport.

Of all the lies endemic to the game - "They're student-athletes," "The NCAA
should exist" - the silliest was the traditionalist notion that the sport would
be diminished by a playoff, that the regular season was sacrosanct because of
its unique ability to provide virtual playoffs every autumn weekend.

In this, the first season to end in a four-team playoff, the game has never been
better.

Here are seven reasons why:

1. Mississippi: The state has always produced talent but rarely contended in the
modern SEC. This year, Ole

Miss and Mississippi State rank in the top three in the country, adding both
surprise and grand tradition to the top of the polls.

Both teams could be undefeated come the Egg Bowl, giving all of us time to
discover why it is called the Egg Bowl, and whether an Egg Bowl is something
that holds a Hotty Toddy.

2. SEC dominance: Baseball is at its best when the Yankees are competitive.
College football is at its best when the SEC is strong enough to thrive, and
strong enough for the rest of the country to hate. The league boasts four of the
five top-ranked teams, plus No. 9 Georgia, with four head-to-head matchups among
those teams remaining on the schedule, making the stretch run a virtual playoff
to get into the national playoffs.

3. Unpredictability: There will always be dominant programs when those programs
operate intelligently, but no powerhouses are self-sustaining anymore.

Not long ago Michigan, Florida, Texas, Penn State and USC might have been
considered five of the eight best jobs in football. Today only one of those
schools ranks in the Top 25 - USC, which is living beneath its means at No. 20.

If a struggling program hires the right coach, it can win. If a powerful program
hires the wrong coach, it will fall. The University of Minnesota is an example
of the ...

4. Power of coaching: When former Gophers athletic director Joel Maturi was
looking to replace head coach Tim Brewster, Maturi flew to San Diego to
interview Brady Hoke, who was coaching San Diego State.

Hoke, like a handful of other candidates, turned down Maturi, who in desperation
stopped looking for the most popular names on the market and chose what he
called at the time "just a good football coach."

That was Jerry Kill.

Had Maturi successfully recruited Hoke, Minnesota would have remained mediocre
and Michigan may have stumbled upon a coach worthy of its legacy.

5. The NCAA tournament effect: This might work better in football than in
basketball.

The NCAA basketball tournament is a remarkable success that has diminished the
regular season. Football's advantage over all other major American sports is
that it offers so few games that they all feel important regardless of the
stakes.

This year, the playoff offers another level of intrigue. Now instead of a
handful of teams having a legitimate chance to win it all, with everyone else
competing to play in the Al's Stale Donut Bowl, teams are competing for division
championships, conference championships (including conference title games) and
national championship playoff berths.

If you were a college football traditionalist, this is the best of both worlds.
There will be debates about who should make the playoff, followed by a
satisfying resolution.

6. ESPN: The network that popularized college basketball has done wonders for
college football. "College GameDay" is a great show that travels to a different
campus every Saturday, leading into a day of college football programming that
spans a dozen networks and about 14 hours. If you don't like Game A, you can
click over to Game B ... or Z.

7. Katy Perry: She attended a game at Ole Miss, partied in an Oxford bar and
told Oklahoma quarterback Trevor Knight to call her. She made college football,
the sport where dusty letter jackets are considered high fashion, look almost
... cool?

Jim Souhan can be heard weekdays at noon and Sundays from 10 to noon on 1500
ESPN. @SouhanStrib · jsouhan@startribune.com

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                             July 11, 2008, Friday

THE READ;
Nurse shortage a looming crisis for patient care

BYLINE: Roy Wenzl, McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 1188 words


WICHITA, Kan. - National nursing organizations have warned for years that the
dangerous shortage of hospital nurses is about to get a lot worse and will
eventually kill hospitalized patients. Sofia Jaramillo says this will not happen
on her watch if she can help it.

Jaramillo works in a medical intensive-care unit at Via Christi Regional Medical
Center-St. Francis Campus. A few days ago, two of her patients died of natural
causes within 90 minutes of each other, and Jaramillo cried. She said, "I always
cry when one of mine dies."

Jaramillo works on the front lines of what nurses and doctors here call a
national crisis.

American medical groups say the nurse shortage - nearly 9 percent nationally -
has burned out nurses, driven many nurses working in acute care out of that
specialty, and diminished patient care, just as the Baby Boom generation has
started filling hospital beds.

Laurie Labarca, Via Christi's interim chief executive, warns the shortage could
get worse.

Meanwhile, universities in Kansas are turning away hundreds of qualified nursing
students because of a lack of teachers.

Nearly 9 percent of registered nurse positions at Via Christi are vacant.

By her bosses' own guidelines, Jaramillo should ideally be assigned two patients
a night. Sometimes it's three.

"On those nights, I just take a deep breath and go," Jaramillo said. "And I say
to myself that nobody's going to suffer because of me."

So far, she said, patient safety has not diminished. She does for three what she
does for two: dispenses meds in a sequence, checks IVs, helps with procedures;
but she has to do it a lot faster and keep 50 percent more sequences of steps in
her head. On most of those 12-hour shifts, she said, she never sits down.

Juanita Tate, who runs the nursing school at Wichita State University, said the
shortage is already visible to patients. "You see it every time you punch that
call button and no one comes," she said.

Mary Blubaugh, executive director of the Kansas State Nursing Board, said nurses
sometimes tell the regulatory body that they are made to work with too many
patients, too little help and with too many nurses assigned temporarily to
reinforce some other specialty in which they are not adequately trained. These
nurses say this sometimes endangers patients.

"I feel for them," Blubaugh said, "but when this does happen, nurses have a
responsibility to say something."

What nurses say worries them most is how they might miss a step or two while
dispensing meds or doing other tasks. People's lives are in their hands, and
their hands are flying.

With the exception of Paul Harrison, a physician and member of Wesley Medical
Center's board of trustees, Wesley officials declined to talk about the
shortage, citing a class-action lawsuit recently reinstated against Wesley that
contends it and other hospitals owned by its parent company, the Hospital Corp.
of America, deliberately understaffed registered nurses to increase profits.

Wesley lists dozens of nurse jobs vacant on a national employment Web site,
www.nationjob.com/wichita/jobs.

The Via Christi Wichita Health Network, which includes the St. Francis and St.
Joseph hospital campuses, granted interviews about the shortage - and the many
ways they've tried to address it. The Wichita Eagle interviewed Via Christi's
interim chief executive, chief of nursing and some front-line acute-care nurses.
They said explaining it to the public would help people understand the coming
crisis.

Statewide, Kansas' 129 hospitals report a vacancy rate of 8.8 percent, about the
same as Via Christi's and the national average.

The strain of the jobs has caused turnover. Via Christi's annual turnover rate
among nurses is 18 percent. Some leave the profession to start families, but
others leave to find less stressful jobs in family practice offices, or at
specialty hospitals where the load and scheduling from day to night don't change
as much.

The shortage has created a daily juggling act. Via Christi has "house
supervisors" who control the scheduling of every nurse in a Via Christi hospital
hour by hour, assessing needs and sending reinforcements when needed. The
supervisor watches every unit's numbers and how sick the patients are in each
unit. The sicker the patients, the higher the staffing numbers need to be.

The supervisor and staff review numbers and other conditions every four hours
and, if necessary, will call in extra nurses, approve overtime, call for
additional help from an internal resource pool, call in temporary nurses, or
switch nurses or patients from one floor to another or even from one Via Christi
hospital to another.

"Do we sometimes have uncovered shifts?" asked Saad Ehtisham, Via Christi's
chief nursing officer. "Yes, but we've never compromised patient safety."

Paul Harrison, a surgeon who directs trauma care at Wesley and serves on its
board of trustees, said the shortage of nurses, and of doctors, has made the
practice of medicine more demanding.

Acute-care teams have so much turnover they are always training new people, he
said.

"A hospital may have an empty bed, but if it doesn't have a nurse to staff it,
that bed doesn't exist," he said.

Nurses are stressed, especially in acute-care units. "Some of them say they are
nearing the end of their rope," Harrison said.

Even if nursing schools turn out more graduates in coming years, it won't be
enough, because a lot of nurses quit after their first year or two in nursing,
burned out or startled by the number of patients they are assigned, nursing
leaders say.

Seventeen percent of Kansans who own a current license as a registered nurse are
not practicing, according to the 2004 National Sample Survey of Registered
Nurses conducted by the division of nursing at the U.S. Department of Health and
Human Services.

Nationally, nurse, doctor and hospital associations are warning that this
shortage, combined with a huge doctor shortage and with other shortages in every
kind of job in hospitals, is going to endanger a lot of sick and injured people.

Studies conducted by Ivy League institutions such as Harvard and the University
of Pennsylvania and reported in the Journal of the American Medical Association
and the New England Journal of Medicine back them up.

One such study found that patients who go in for common surgeries at hospitals
with high patient-to-nurse ratios could have a roughly 30 percent higher chance
of dying than those at hospitals with lower ratios.

"You hear a lot of projections of doom and gloom," said WSU's Tate.

"But if you need to go to a hospital, you should go, and you shouldn't go
scared," she added. "Still, certainly, we know that there are errors made in
health care and we know that when you are overworked and short-staffed, there
are more likely to be errors."

Hospitals in recent years have seen patient populations jump as Baby Boomers
age. Hospitals began offering higher salaries. Just when nursing schools needed
them most, faculty members saw that they could go to hospitals and earn two or
three times as much as in the classroom.

So many faculty have left, Tate said, that "I feel like I'm running an
employment agency here."

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Charleston Newspapers


                              743 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                           November 22, 2008 Saturday

What's next for the GOP?

SECTION: OUR VIEW

LENGTH: 388 words


San Jose Mercury News, November 22: In a failed bid for a House Republican
leadership position, Sacramento area Rep. Dan Lungren said his party needs to
rediscover its conservative principles. He's right, but one has to wonder just
what that means today.

If conservatism is defined by the policies of the Bush administration, that
would be a far cry from traditional conservative values.

Under President Bush, who enjoyed Republican control of Congress for six of his
eight-year term, conservative principles were little more than campaign talking
points.

Spending increased at twice the rate it did during the Democratic Clinton
administration. There were huge and growing federal deficits, skyrocketing
borrowing from abroad, a poorly designed and costly prescription drug program
and an unwillingness to conserve resources and protect the environment.

The Bush administration also launched a disastrous, ill-planned, costly and
unnecessary war in Iraq. It also diminished fundamental individual liberties
with an overly restrictive USA Patriot Act.

A truly conservative administration would not have pursued any of the above
policies.

If Lungren is referring to real conservatism instead of right-wing military
adventurism abroad, borrow-and-spend polices at home and an abandonment of basic
government oversight of businesses, he should be heeded.

Real conservatives favor balanced budgets, minimal spending and little
borrowing. They do not pursue costly and counterproductive foreign military
adventures abroad. Also, they are strong supporters of preserving human rights
guaranteed by the U.S. Constitution and they believe in balanced government
oversight of private industry, especially financial institutions.

True conservatives are careful custodians of the environment and advocate
efficient use of natural resources. After all, conserve is the root word of
conservatism.

If Republicans revive their onetime commitment to fiscal conservatism,
thoughtful foreign policy, protection of basic rights and environmental
conservation, they can regain much of the public support they have lost.

But, if by conservative, Lungren means continued militarism abroad, diminished
civil liberties at home, federal deficits, profligate spending and wasteful use
of resources, the Republican Party will continue to shrink.

-- San Jose Mercury News

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                           September 4, 2007, Tuesday

America's Craig-like credibility gap

BYLINE: Douglas A. Borer

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 816 words

DATELINE: MONTEREY, CALIF.


The lack of political credibility that delineates the rapid fall from grace of
Idaho's senior senator is analogous to that facing America's diminished role as
global leader in 2007. At first glance, the gay-sex scandal involving Republican
Larry Craig may seem to have little to do with the ability to explain America's
weak standing in the global community. But hard lessons often emerge from the
strangest of places.

Political scandals in the United States are usually defined by two fundamental
elements. First, "the act" - when an individual perpetrates some sort of moral,
legal, or ethical transgression that offends the country's cultural traditions,
breaks its laws, or crosses some red line in its accepted codes of conduct. "The
act" is usually made worse when the person responsible tries to deceive, deny,
or obfuscate its existence. This second element, sometimes known as the
"coverup," is usually the fatal blow to a perpetrator's already damaged
credibility.

History is full of examples. Richard Nixon fell from the highest office both for
ordering the Watergate break-in and for illegally sending US troops into
Cambodia, but he sullied his reputation even further by conspiring to cover up
these crimes. "The act" of having oral sex with a young intern in the Oval
Office nearly ruined Bill Clinton, but it was lying under oath in the Paula
Jones civil suit that got him impeached on a charge of perjury. He may have
survived his painful trip to the Senate's politically charged docket, but his
presidency was profoundly diminished by the whole grimy affair.

The same holds true for Larry Craig. Soliciting gay sex in an airport bathroom
is a behavior that even the most cynical left-wing activist Democrat doesn't
instinctively associate with Republican in-iquity. Having gut-shot himself with
this act of sordid impudence, Craig's subsequent retractions, denials, and
increasingly lame attempts to "explain" the situation by blaming the press and
the police equate to metaphorically blasting away at his remaining political
toes with a 12-gauge autoloader. His tale is simply not credible, and we all
know that.

What most Americans often don't seem to realize is that a Craig-like credibility
gap characterizes how the US is perceived by much of the outside world. Indeed,
it is safe to say that America's various "acts of goodness" are perceived by
many Muslims as promoting gross injustices in the Middle East. Despite the wide
array of religious opinions among Islam's various sects, there is a single
viewpoint that is shared by Shiites, Sunnis, Sufis, and others. Muslims nearly
everywhere agree that the Palestinians are getting a raw deal from the Israelis
and that the US government's words simply do not reflect its actions when it
comes to judging all countries in the region equally.

The US promotes democratization in the Middle East and has taken direct action
by invading Afghanistan and Iraq to bestow the blessings of democracy. However,
for Muslims, the coverup emerges when Washington then rejects the outcome of the
democratic process following Hamas's victory in the 2006 Palestinian elections,
and when it disregards the fact that in Lebanon Hizbullah is an elected part of
the government. Washington ignores the fact that Iran is a democracy (albeit one
of a very theocratic sort) with hotly contested elections.

Moreover, in Afghanistan and Iraq the democracies that the US has installed
appear to be contributing causes of the ongoing Islamic insurgencies that
threaten to spread throughout the region. The US preaches democracy as a broad
policy mandate, only to reject it when it produces results America doesn't like.

What further widens the credibility gap is the United States' strong support for
authoritarian governments in places such as Egypt and Saudi Arabia. As a result,
many Muslims around the world are justifiably cynical when they hear Americans
exhort them to become more democratic. Most Muslims abhor the extreme violence
of Al Qaeda's radical jihadists, but they are also repulsed by the heavy-handed
injustices they perceive as being perpetuated by their own US-supported
governments against voices of political dissent. To them, America can't have it
both ways.

Until future US presidents and Congresses work together to shrink the distance
between America's political rhetoric and its actions on the ground, many global
citizens will look on the US in the same way most Americans now look on people
like Larry Craig.

America's finest leaders of both parties have been guided by the principle, "Say
what you mean and do what you say." It is time for them to do so again.

Douglas A. Borer is an associate professor at the Naval Postgraduate School in
Monterey, Calif. His most recent co-edited book is "Information Strategy and
Warfare: A Guide to Theory and Practice." The views here are his own.

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            April 10, 2002 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

Ripples from Andersen's dive limitless

BYLINE: Donald Stokes, Donald Stokes is professor of accounting at the
University of Technology, Sydney and COO at Capital Markets CRC Ltd.

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 55

LENGTH: 677 words


Donald Stokes says the markets are dealing with Andersen's cirucmstances, and
cautions against regulatory intervention.

The circumstances in which Arthur Andersen finds itself in the United States has
led to speculation that the audit firm will disappear unless it can put together
a survival plan.

There have been claims of widespread client walkouts and active pursuit of
negotiations by other Big 5 audit firms to merge the Andersen practices. This is
the market in action.

The adjustments to the audit market go to the heart of the value of the Andersen
brand name for clients and partners of the firm.

Research into audit services markets attributes value to the auditor brand name
from two sources.

First, there is a monitoring benefit flowing to investors in client-company
securities from having a competent and independent audit of the client company's
accounts.

The second source of value is an implicit insurance benefit stemming from the
investors' rights in the client-company securities to recover losses from
relying upon audited accounts that contain misrepresentations. As such, the
speculation is that if the circumstances in which Andersen finds itself lead to
a diminished capacity of Andersen to defend future actions, the insurance
benefit of the audit is diminished for the investors in Andersen's remaining
clients.

There is even speculation that hesitancy by some Big 5 firms to merge with
Andersen centres on the new firm taking up the responsibility to supply this
insurance benefit to the investors in the Andersen clients.

Early in the 1990s, a US audit firm went into bankruptcy and the case provides
good insights into the effects of uncertainty about an audit firm's future on
the insurance and monitoring benefits of its reputation.

The firm was Laventhol & Horwath, which, at the time of its bankruptcy (November
1990), was the seventh-largest audit firm in the US. Researchers looked at this
bankruptcy and published their findings in 1994. Consistent with the existence
of an insurance benefit in an audit being priced in securities markets, they
found that L&H's clients' security prices declined relative to the market when
the bankruptcy was disclosed.

The effect was more pronounced for those L&H clients whose securities had
sustained recent losses and the extent of the security price declines correlated
with the magnitude of the sustained losses. Further, they identified greater
security price declines for those securities that had sustained losses and had
recently undergone an IPO compared with those with seasoned equity offerings.

The authors of the study made the point that auditors, in pricing their audits,
are expected to ensure that the audit fees adequately reflect the insurance and
monitoring benefits being delivered. Part of the insurance benefit may be priced
into the audit by way of professional indemnity insurance and part may be
self-insurance (the "deep pockets"). An agreed audit fee means the clients
expect they are entitled to such benefits and the auditor accepts the risk if
there is misrepresentation.

This is the market for audit services at work. Litigation against auditors is a
mechanism for ex-post settlement, and settlements in and out of court are part
and parcel of the markets working.

The researchers also allude to a broader question of whether some audits may not
be worth the risk for auditors to take on. Again, this is the market for audit
services at work and clients that struggle to find an auditor willing to take
them on adjust their business activities until an auditor they demand considers
them an acceptable risk.

At a policy level, it raises questions of whether securities markets are served
by having auditors as a source of indemnification of investment losses. It also
adds another timely dimension to debate over the veracity of the presumption
that markets are failing, warranting further regulation of auditors through the
likes of the Ramsay report recommendations and the recently announced inquiry by
the Federal Government Joint Committee of Public Accounts and Audit.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2002 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

A holy place: Sisters of Providence work to serve, make a difference

BYLINE: Lisa Trigg, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 5361 words


Oct. 22--In October of 1840, the Wabash Valley would have been in the chilly,
damp grip of autumn. The landscape was likely dominated by multi-colored leaves
in the forests that covered almost all of the Wabash Valley, except for a few
acres cleared for settlements and farming.

That was the 1840 landscape that greeted six pioneering Sisters of Providence
who traveled from France to Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana, to establish a
school and minister to the growing Catholic community in this American
wilderness.

Fast forward 175 years to October 2015. The trees are turning amber, gold and
orange in the cooler days of autumn amidst a forest that has diminished greatly
due to property development and population growth. The community of Sisters has
grown and diminished through the years, as well. But their faith that Providence
is with them in their ministries and on their journeys, remains steadfast.

For the Sisters of Providence, this sesquicentennial year has not only provided
opportunities to celebrate and reflect on their past, but also to look forward.
"They have a mission of being God's Providence in the world," states their
website, "by committing to performing works of love, mercy and justice in
service among God's people. They are an apostolic congregation, serving among
people wherever need is great. That may be in schools, social justice,
counseling, healthcare, parishes, as administrators and in prayer ministry."

And the Wabash Valley community at large has embraced the Sisters of Providence
and rely on their presence.

"I think the wonderful tie we have with the people of Terre Haute and West Terre
Haute, I think we formed very close connections with the people in the
community, and that is important to us -- to feel their support," said General
Superior Sister Denise Wilkinson, speaking about the Sisters' relationship with
the community.

These days, Sisters minister in 17 states, the District of Columbia and Asia.
They have come a long way since 1840.

Early days in the woods

"It started with just six," Sister Denise said, referring to the woman now known
as Saint Mother Theodore Guerin and her companion sisters, Sister St. Vincent
Ferrer Gage, Sister Basilde Seneschal, Sister Olympiade Boyer, Sister Mary
Xavier Leree and Sister Mary Ligouri Tiercin. Their journey from France began in
July 1840 at the request of the bishop of Vincennes, who wanted to establish a
motherhouse and novitiate at a small community known as Saint Mary-of-the-Woods.

The Sisters left LeHavre, France, aboard the ship Cincinnati, which arrived in
New York Harbor in early September. They then traveled by stagecoach, steamboat,
canal boat and train to reach their destination, Saint Mary-of-the Woods, on
Oct. 22, 1840, according to their journals.

The Sisters were to educate children of pioneer families and care for the sick
and poor.

Saint Mother Theodore was a seasoned teacher and administrator when, at age 42,
she arrived at her Hoosier destination. Her Sister companions ranged in age from
22 to 40. They opened an academy for girls, which later became known as Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods College, and they established schools in Indiana and Illinois,
as well as two orphanages in Vincennes and free pharmacies at Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods and Vincennes.

The first convent was in the log cabin farmhouse of Sarah and Joseph Thralls.
The Sisters, along with four American postulants, and the Thralls family lived
together in the cramped farmhouse for more than a month before the Diocese of
Vincennes purchased the property to establish the community.

A lot about those early days of the community are known through the detailed
personal journals kept by the Sisters. One entry described how the women slept
on mattresses side by side in the small house, and they had to patiently wait as
each one arose from her bed in the morning and exited the sleeping area so that
the next person could get up.

"When she got her bearings," Sister Denise said, referring to Saint Mother
Theodore, "she wrote back to France almost immediately to the Sisters of
Providence who sent her. This sentence is one we go back to often. 'It is
astonishing that this remote solitude has been chosen for a convent, much less
for an academy. All appearances are against it.' So I like to think that way of
endurance, of carrying on the mission of those six women, gives one a sense of
belonging to the great work."

The academy for women was opened on July 4, 1841. By the next year, schools were
established in Jasper and St. Francisville, Ill.

"She was so remarkable, she was very busy opening schools, as soon as she would
have enough sisters, she sent them to different parts of Indiana and to
Illinois," Sister Denise said.

By the time Saint Mother Theodore died in May 1856, at age 57, the Sisters of
Providence were running schools in several communities. The congregation had
also grown from six sisters and four postulants to 67 professed members, nine
novices and seven postulants.

Sisters in the classroom

Sister Ellen Cunningham was 11 years old when she first visited Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods. A Chicago-area native, she was visiting an aunt who was one
of the Sisters of Providence.

"As soon as I saw it, I knew this is where I wanted to come to college," Sister
Ellen recalls, sitting in her office in Guerin Hall. "And then, after two years,
after my sophomore year, I decided to enter the community."

She did not intend to be a teacher, a vocation chosen by many of the Sisters,
but after trying it, she found out she liked it. Many sisters taught at
elementary and secondary schools, and some found posts in higher education and
administration. Sister Ellen became an instructor at the college, spending 38
years from 1974 to 2012 in the classroom, as well as a few more semesters as an
adjunct instructor.

"There was never a dull moment," she said cheerfully. "I was waiting for a dull
moment and it never came."

She had entered SMWC as a math major and a French minor, but she was also asked
to teach chemistry and English and religion.

"Thanks to God, I never did teach all of them at once," she exclaimed.

In those days, about a third of the faculty members were Sisters, while the
other faculty were lay men and lay women. The students and the Sisters developed
close ties and enjoyed traditions such as singing in the lunch hall. She later
would get her graduation ring from SMWC, and she went on to earn graduate
degrees, like many of the Sisters do.

"We are a well-educated group," she said. "Most sisters have a master's degree."

These days, she feels that many of the students still enjoy making connections
with the Sisters.

"I think that sometimes, we are grandmother figures. I think that they enjoy the
church," she said, noting that she recently saw some new students sitting around
the statute of Mother Saint Theodore and talking about her legacy.

She said there are many alumnae who keep in contact with her, and some who
consider her a mentor. The value of an SMWC education can be seen in the ongoing
ties with graduates, who enjoy homecoming and reunions.

"The students leave here with not only a good education, but also a sense of
God's providence, and the ability and confidence to make a difference in the
world," Sister Ellen said.

An immigrant in the woods

Social justice issues lie at the heart of activism for the Sisters of
Providence.

They take up causes to end poverty, gender inequality, racism, human
trafficking, and inability to live with the earth.

"There's a tendency to want power rather than to live in right relationship,"
said Sister Donna Butler.

And, creating more safety nets for people is not the answer to end poverty or
effect social change, she notes.

"One of the issues to solving poverty is we want to blame the poor for being
poor," she said. "I think we don't realize what could solve poverty, such as a
higher minimum wage and closing the gender gap. And I think there is some
resistance to that. Creating more safety nets is not the answer. What are the
reasons people have to come to the food pantry, and what can we do to change
that?"

The Sisters are also one of the six founding Congregations of the 8th Day Center
for Justice, founded in 1974 on the creation concept that after God creates the
world in seven days, on the eighth day, God invites people to be co-creators in
building a just and harmonious world. The center promotes peace, and also
participates in vigils that bring attention to social justice issues.

The Sisters have also made a commitment to address global issues such as human
trafficking, the second-largest criminal industry in the world. The Sisters have
taken on opportunities to educate the Wabash Valley on the issue, and were
particularly active when Indianapolis hosted the Super Bowl, one of the major
sporting events where human trafficking for prostitution is known to occur.

The Sisters of Providence have also developed a land ethic about how to use
their land and make decisions to sustain their land.

Many people think of Saint Mother Theodore primarily as a champion for the
education of girls. But animals and nature were also high on her priority list.

"She knew that land was an inheritance to be tended," Sister Donna said,
referring to the saint's journal writings. "And she would have been an animal
rights advocate today. You can see her sensitivity to animals and how they were
treated."

Saint Mother Theodore also called the congregation "daughters of the forest"
because the forest is a living ecosystem, and their survival in those early days
depended on living with the environment.

Another social justice principle practiced by the sisters is Fair Trade, an
approach to business and trade based on a commitment to cherish and uphold the
sacredness and dignity of every person. Fair Trade products ensure that farmers
and workers in developing countries receive a price that is fair for their
products.

The Sisters offer Fair Trade items in their Linden Leaf Gifts shop, located in
the Providence Spirituality and Conference Center.

A corridor of caring

Seeing a need, and trying to fill that need, has been an ongoing mission of the
Sisters of Providence since their founding days.

Providence Food Pantry, Helping Hands, Connecting Link -- those three
organizations and others like them are shining examples of how the Sisters of
Providence are making a difference by filling needs in the Wabash Valley.

"I think there is sort of a 'caring corridor' going on in West Terre Haute now,"
Sister Dawn Tomaszewski said of the ministries serving the needs of low-income
people near Saint Mary-of-the-Woods.

Sister Dawn points to an ongoing collaboration that shows how needs can be met
when people and groups work together.

The Providence Food Pantry started as an outreach at St. Leonard's Catholic
Church, but later made a move to the "corridor" when when the church was closed.
With no place to relocate the food pantry, Keith and Jamie Richie with Accurate
Insulation stepped up to donate retail space next door to their business. The
Richies do not charge rent, and St. Mary's Village Parish has a fundraiser to
pay for utilities.

Among the donations to the food pantry are regular contributions from the
Helping Hands resale shop, which was started by a group of women who "hung out"
at the pantry and came up with the idea for the resale store. During the past
few years, the shop has earned and given about $600,000 to benefit low-income
people. The shop makes a regular donation to the food pantry, which allows the
food pantry to provide meet every week for the clients. Last year, the pantry
fed 3,726 families, comprised of 13,732 individuals.

"What I love about it is, this is outreach at its best," Sister Dawn said of the
organizations.

There are also nine churches in the West Terre Haute area that work together to
provide donations of money and collect paper goods for the pantry recipients.

"It is like this beautiful collaboration partnership," Sister Dawn said.

The volunteers for the organization have also become close to Sister Joseph
Fillenwarth, who organizes the pantry efforts, and encourages the volunteers
interacting with clients to "Let them see the Jesus in you."

The volunteers call Sister Joseph the "heart of the ministry" because even
though they could run the food pantry themselves, they want their beloved Sister
to be involved. There are now 34 weekly volunteers at the stations when clients
make food choices.

"There's a sense of not handouts, but choices," Sister Dawn explained. "They
treat the clients with respect and are nonjudgmental."

Another part of the "corridor" is The Connecting Link, which has assisted more
than 3,000 individuals in need of food, money, furniture, clothing or basic
services since its beginning in 1997. Sister Dorothy Rasche works with the
churches and people who need assistance.

The West Terre Haute corridor also offers low-income housing through the
Providence Housing Corporation, which was formed to provide affordable housing
for neighbors in need.

It provides apartments to low-income senior citizens and houses for low-income
families in West Terre Haute. Providence Place consists of 56 apartments and 17
single-family homes.

That housing ministry started with a gift to Pope Benedict XVI for the
beatification of Saint Mother Theodore. As part of the saint-making process,
various promises are made, including building a shrine for the saint. The
Sisters decided to present the pope with a check for $50,000 that could be
returned as seed money to start the Providence Housing project, and he did that.

Outside of the Wabash Valley, the outreach extends healthcare, prisons and
education.

"Mother Theodore had this thing that she said early on, that 'we can't all stay
in the nest.' You've gotta be out there," Sister Dawn said.

The Wabash Valley Health Center, formerly the St. Anne's Clinic, was founded as
a ministry of the Sisters of Providence. For many years it has been a source of
medical and dental care for low-income people in Terre Haute, and now it has
evolved into a federally qualified health center.

Another gospel call answered by the Sisters is outreach to prisons.

Many Sisters of Providence have become visitors to inmates through prison
ministry. The Sisters also advocate for the end of capital punishment, and for
improved living conditions for those in prison.

Many retired Sisters stay "out on mission," whether that is working on the south
side of Chicago volunteering for hospice, or working overseas for people needing
assisted living.

Sister Jenny Howard said that the Asian connection for the Sisters began in the
early 1900s when the sisters were asked to establish a school for Chinese women.

It was a time of growth for the education of women, Sister Jenny said, and the
Sisters had a reputation for founding successful schools. In fact, before she
was assigned to her mission in America, Saint Mother Theodore had thought of
being a missionary in China.

So, it made sense that a sister from Connersville and five others were sent to
China, and they established a school on Nov. 24, 1920.

The school was moved in the 1950s to Taiwan, and the Sisters have ministered in
five locations.

--The St. Theresa Opportunity Center provides physical therapy and education for
mentally and physically challenged children.

--Reed School was founded to tend to the needs of physically and mentally
disabled adults.

--St. Camillus de Lellis Center for the Mentally Challenged is located on an
island between Taiwan and China, but a Sister visits each each to give
in-service training to the staff.

--Miracle Home serves an increasing number of low-income clients who are elderly
or with disabilities. It also has a senior center, and operates a Meals on
Motorcycles program to deliver meals to the homebound.

--Providence University is co-educational, and is the continuation of the
original school founded in China in 1920.

"These are another example of seeing a need and meeting it," said Sister Jenny,
who has been to Taiwan several times and enjoys the multicultural and
multi-ethnic diversity of the Congregation.

"They have a deep spiritual connection, I think," she said of the Asian
counterparts. And with the help of today's technology, communication is open and
fast, so there is no disconnected feeling between Taiwan and Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods.

Where are the alpacas?

The White Violet Center for Eco-Justice is a ministry founded in 1996 to foster
a way of living that recognizes the interdependence of all creation.

Sister Ann Sullivan is one of the founders of the center. A farm kid from
Illinois with degrees in psychology, theology and pastoral counseling, she said
that she felt that something was missing in the Woods until she learned about
eco-justice, and the concept "clicked" for her.

Tending God's Creation is part of Christian Scripture, and it deserved attention
in the Wabash Valley.

"I realized we could make a difference if we focused on eco-justice," Sister Ann
said, "so I sent around a proposal because it resonated deeply with who we were
as Sisters of Providence. So, we began talking about it, and no one picked it
up. It seemed like it was going no where, but it turns out a lot of people saw
it."

In 1994, she recalled, there was a lot of focus on eco-justice and
eco-spirituality, and it all fell into place for the Sisters.

"We all said, let's do this. That was unusual for us, but everyone was so in
sync, and within six months we had a plan developed. So there was huge energy
behind it," she said.

Transitioning to organic horticulture was no small task, and the Sisters did a
lot of learning. That led to development of an alpaca herd, because their wool
is a valuable product and the animals are gentle on the land and safe to be
around for people. The alpacas are also a huge attraction for the public, and
generate interest in what the Sisters do.

"People love to see them," she said. "We have a great wedding picture of a
couple with a little alpaca."

The center manages 343 acres of state-certified organic farmland, bees, a berry
patch, a water garden, a bluebird trail spring through fall, and classified
forest.

There are also educational opportunities for many groups and clubs such as
garden clubs, 4-H, scout troops, women's auxiliaries, college students,
homeschooling families and others.

A Community Supported Agriculture program also provides fresh produce, fruits
and herbs to people who buy into the program. Since many people no longer have
gardens as a hobby, the CSA is a way to connect people to locally grown food.

Sister Ann said the growth of the White Violet Center has been supported by
knowledge that shows up when it is needed.

She said she took a master gardener class, and she met a beekeeper there who
knew how to get hives set up for the center's gardens. She also found a
connection for organic gardening. And when she was looking for livestock,
information showed up in the mailbox about alpacas.

"When we needed something, somebody showed up to help us," she said. "That kind
of stuff, all the connections that we preach about -- being interconnected and
interdependent -- it showed up for us when we were getting started. And, it
still does today as well."

Providence has built it, and now people come

Tourism might sound like an odd component for a religious community to consider
for their mission, but the Sisters of Providence recognize that many visitors
are attracted to the peace, beauty and liveliness of their community.

Bringing people to the Woods to be refreshed takes a coordinated effort to set
up tours, retreats, programs and events.

Sister Paula Damiano, co-director of Providence Spirituality and Conference
Center, has led retreats and workshops on a variety of spiritual topics, and
holds a master's degree in spirituality.

"We say that we welcome all spiritual seekers. I think that probably includes
everybody, whether they know that they are spiritual seekers or not," Sister
Paula said in talking about the variety of experiences offered.

"We offer everything from a quiet weekend retreat to paper crafting to learning
how to pickle vegetables," she said of some of the hands-on workshops conducted
through the White Violet Center for Eco-Justice. "But here at Providence
Spiritually and Conference Center, we really want to introduce people to a side
of themselves that they think is neglected because of things like family, life,
so many commitments that we have these days."

The Sisters have recognized the benefit of billboards and self-promotion as a
way to share the "grandeur of God" by inviting everyone to visit the Shrine of
Saint Mother Theodore and take tours of The Woods.

Sister Denise recalls that one visitor welcomed by the Sisters was a businessman
who told them that he had seen their sign along Interstate 70 on his way St.
Louis. The man said that it was on his third time passing the billboard that he
made the decision to stop and visit the shrine of Saint Mother Theodore.

Last year, more than 2,000 people were counted taking tours and visits, and so
far this year, that number has been surpassed. That tells the Sisters that word
is spreading about Saint Mother Theodore and her example of caring and kindness
and spirituality.

"She faced some pretty tough things in her life and was able to live through it,
and flourish," Sister Paula said.

"Mother Theodore and the early Sisters had a great impact on the history of the
state of Indiana, because they were really some of the first to really offer
educational opportunities, especially for girls. Girls didn't go to schools in
their days," Sister Paula said. While the academy started at Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods was focused on higher education for women, the many grade
schools started by the Sisters was for both girls and boys.

The Sisters publish a booklet each year that describes their offerings to the
public.

They recently hosted a 12-step retreat workshop for both men and women that
numbered 25. The "In the Light of Providence" photography workshop has been very
popular, and the "Praying with the Mystics" workshop was so well received last
year that it was scheduled twice this year.

"One of the pieces that's been really popular and has really met a need is the
first Tuesday Taize (pronounced tah-Zay) prayer services. We've been able to
reach out to the whole community in the Wabash Valley. It is non-denominational
and has quiet prayer, beautiful music, and is that hour of quiet peace that
people need," Sister Paula said, recalling that many people in today's society
feel rushed and busy and have few opportunities to slow down in their daily
lives. So the offerings at The Woods are meant to provide that slow-down.

"We want to be able to give people that day or evening or weekend or week when
they can set all that aside and really treat themselves. Retreat, that word
retreat, I like to think of it as 'treat myself again.' People often think of a
retreat as really intense quiet time, and it can be that," she said, "but it can
also be through other activities."

The Sisters also offer organized tours of their property, and they really like
to focus on the new shrine of Saint Mother Theodore.

"I think that we take for granted that we have a Saint in Terre Haute, Indiana,"
Sister Paula exclaimed.

"We truly try to promote tours and pilgrimages to the Woods. I'm so struck when
I run into someone and they'll say, you know, I've lived in Terre Haute all my
life and I've never been out to the Woods. And yet that same day, we will have
had a tour bus here from St. Louis, Missouri, and I think people are making an
effort to come here from a couple of hundred miles away," she said of the irony.

The guestbook at the shrine shows the signatures of people from around the
world. On a recent morning, visitors Aurelia Duralski Costanza and her husband
Joseph Costanza took a guided tour of the Shrine of Saint Mother Theodore.

"I'm really impressed with it," Joseph said. He and his wife traveled from Ogden
Dunes, Indiana, for their visit. Aurelia is a 1960 graduate of Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods College, and they both attended the canonization of Saint
Mother Theodore at the Vatican in October 2006.

Trained docents conduct the tours, and while a donation is preferred, those
unable to pay are still encouraged to take a tour. Self-guided tours are also
allowed, but the Sisters believe it is a better experience to have input from a
trained docent.

The indoor tours highlight the shrine, Blessed Sacrament Chapel, Church of the
Immaculate Conception, and the National Shrine of Our Lady of Providence. The
outdoor tour takes in the grounds and the many sites including the Our Lady of
Lourdes Grotto, Saint Anne Shell Chapel, Convent Cemetery, White Violet Farm
Center and the alpacas, college buildings, St. Joseph's Lake and the replica log
cabin.

Guest accommodations are available, as are three hermitages at the lake.

Many people come for the spiritual aspect of The Woods, but not all. Many also
come to look at the architecture and for the historical significance. But no
matter the reason for the visit, Sister Paula said, most people express a
similar feeling about their visit.

"'I drive through the gate and I have a sense of peace'. I hear that more often
than not," she said, noting that there is good reason that The Woods shares such
peace with its visitors.

"I feel this place had been made holy, certainly by Saint Mother Theodore
walking in this place, but by all the people who followed after her, all these
years. You only need to go to the cemetery to see all of the people who prayed
here, walked here, worked here, ministered here, all with one purpose -- and
that is to bring the Divine to other people, to bring the Holy."

Providence by association

While their numbers reached into the 1,300s in the mid 20th Century, the Sisters
of Providence now number around 300. But that does not mean they are phasing
out. In fact, they have seen growth in a different area -- women and men of
faith who choose to have an intentional relationship as Providence Associates.

Sister Dawn said that the associate movement is a phenomenon right now in the
American Catholic Church. The movement has developed relationship with people
who are not vowed but choose to participate in the mission of the congregation
in a special way. Those people are attracted to the charism, or gift, of the
congregation.

"We believe that each religious community, each founder had a particular charism
to share with the church," Sister Dawn explained. "What makes the Sisters
different is the notion of Providence, complete trust in God, which Saint Mother
Theodore evidenced in her life and talked about all the time. So people with the
associate relationship are attracted to that spirituality.

"In this day and age, Providence Spirituality is a word we use to explain a
particular understanding of God and the universe and it comes out of cosmology.
We look at everything that's happening in the world and we say that God isn't
necessarily in his heaven controlling everything but that God spun the world
into creation and it's up to us to keep things going."

In classical Catholic theology, she continued, Providence is design and
governance of the universe. People are attracted to that, and to The Woods
through that connection.

"We think there is a sacredness about this place, and Saint Mother Theodore and
those since then have marked the land," Sister Dawn said of The Woods, "and
therefore, you cannot help but be holy when you're here. There's something about
this place."

However, women are not as likely to want to commit their lives to the perpetual
vows of the congregation these days. The Providence Associates movement is
becoming how the congregation now grows. The associates now number around 250,
almost as many as the Sisters themselves. And the Sisters see that as a good
thing, because it means that Providence is moving at a grassroots level.

"We see that as wonderful," Sister Dawn said. "That is a different way."

Once a person decides to look into the program, an associate is assigned a
companion Sister with whom to meet about once a month for a year to talk about
Providence, and the mission of love, mercy and justice, and about their
individual "giftedness." At the end of that year, the associate candidate
decides whether or not to make a commitment, and then decide what that
commitment will be, whether it is becoming a better parent, regularly
volunteering for community service, or assisting some other way where the
person's own gifts work best.

"I think this associate relationship has been a way for us to embrace the energy
for all those people who have already been touched by Providence," Sister Dawn
said.

Many of the Associates are people who have a history with the Catholic church.
Some were taught in school by Sisters. Others have relatives who are Sisters.
Some are people who have worked in the White Violet Center. Others have
affiliations with other denominations.

"But some people just kind of get to know us, and they like us, and they come on
board," Sister Dawn said.

Associates may be the way that the congregation carries on in future decades,
though the congregation continues to add Sisters each year, unlike many other
religious communities.

"One of the things that gets said about us a lot, because we are older -- our
median age is 78 -- because we are smaller in numbers, is that people call that
'diminishment,'" Sister Dawn said. "And I think that what we're trying to say
is, maybe, in size, if that is the measure of things, but I think the charism is
strong and we seem to be drawing people to that charism and partnering with
them."

She quotes Sister Denise in saying, "We have no thought of phasing ourselves
out. The mission is strong. Let's continue to do what we are called to do --
what we need to do."

Lisa Trigg can be reached at 812-231-4254 or at lisa.trigg@tribstar.com Follow
her on Twitter at TribStarLisa.

10 Things to Know: Saint Mother Theodore Guerin

--Saint Mother Theodore was born Anne-Therese Guerin Oct. 2, 1798, in
Etables-sur-Mer, France. Her feast day is Oct. 3.

--Saint Mother Theodore Guerin's father was a sailor in Napolean's Navy.

--It was custom to receive a new name when one entered religious life at that
time, and the name Theodore is Greek for "gift of God."

--Amid turmoil and hardships facing the congregation, Saint Mother Theodore
journeyed to France to seek direction from the Sisters of Providence leadership
there. While there, she had an audience with Queen Marie-Amelie, who became a
generous donor.

--There was no bridge across the Wabash River from Terre Haute to the West Terre
Haute area when Mother Theodore arrived. It took a full day of travel to cover
about four miles by stagecoach.

--With the skills that she learned and developed, today Saint Mother Theodore
would be recognized as a pharmacist. She often helped care for the ill in their
homes.

--Mother Theodore Guerin was canonized on Oct. 15, 2006, by Pope Benedict XVI at
the Vatican.

--Requests for prayer through the intercession of Saint Mother Theodore come
from many foreign countries, as well as the United States. Argentina, Poland,
Saudi Arabia, France, Canada and the Philippines are among them.

--A statue is being created of Saint Mother Theodore that will be placed in the
garden outside the National Basilica of the Immaculate Conception in Washington,
D.C.

--Saint Mother Theodore has been buried in four places at Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods: in the congregation's original cemetery, in the crypt below
the Church of the Immaculate Conception, in the congregation's current cemetery
and in the tomb beneath the floor of the church. Her remains were placed inside
a casket and placed at the altar of the Church of the Immaculate Conception
prior to services for her canonization and Foundation Day.

--Saint Mother Theodore came to the United States from France in 1840, she
mastered English well enough to write many letters in English and to carry on
negotiations with American businessmen.

Source: Sisters of Providence website, www.spsmw.org

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151022-TX-A-holy-place-Sisters-of-Providence-work-to-serve-make-a-difference-1
022-20151022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Star


                              747 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 22, 2015 Thursday

A holy place: Sisters of Providence work to serve, make a difference

BYLINE: Lisa Trigg, The Tribune-Star, Terre Haute, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 5006 words


Oct. 22--In October of 1840, the Wabash Valley would have been in the chilly,
damp grip of autumn. The landscape was likely dominated by multi-colored leaves
in the forests that covered almost all of the Wabash Valley, except for a few
acres cleared for settlements and farming.

That was the 1840 landscape that greeted six pioneering Sisters of Providence
who traveled from France to Saint Mary-of-the-Woods, Indiana, to establish a
school and minister to the growing Catholic community in this American
wilderness.

Fast forward 175 years to October 2015. The trees are turning amber, gold and
orange in the cooler days of autumn amidst a forest that has diminished greatly
due to property development and population growth. The community of Sisters has
grown and diminished through the years, as well. But their faith that Providence
is with them in their ministries and on their journeys, remains steadfast.

For the Sisters of Providence, this sesquicentennial year has not only provided
opportunities to celebrate and reflect on their past, but also to look forward.
"They have a mission of being God's Providence in the world," states their
website, "by committing to performing works of love, mercy and justice in
service among God's people. They are an apostolic congregation, serving among
people wherever need is great. That may be in schools, social justice,
counseling, healthcare, parishes, as administrators and in prayer ministry."

And the Wabash Valley community at large has embraced the Sisters of Providence
and rely on their presence.

"I think the wonderful tie we have with the people of Terre Haute and West Terre
Haute, I think we formed very close connections with the people in the
community, and that is important to us -- to feel their support," said General
Superior Sister Denise Wilkinson, speaking about the Sisters' relationship with
the community.

These days, Sisters minister in 17 states, the District of Columbia and Asia.
They have come a long way since 1840.

Early days in the woods

"It started with just six," Sister Denise said, referring to the woman now known
as Saint Mother Theodore Guerin and her companion sisters, Sister St. Vincent
Ferrer Gage, Sister Basilde Seneschal, Sister Olympiade Boyer, Sister Mary
Xavier Leree and Sister Mary Ligouri Tiercin. Their journey from France began in
July 1840 at the request of the bishop of Vincennes, who wanted to establish a
motherhouse and novitiate at a small community known as Saint Mary-of-the-Woods.

The Sisters left LeHavre, France, aboard the ship Cincinnati, which arrived in
New York Harbor in early September. They then traveled by stagecoach, steamboat,
canal boat and train to reach their destination, Saint Mary-of-the Woods, on
Oct. 22, 1840, according to their journals.

The Sisters were to educate children of pioneer families and care for the sick
and poor.

Saint Mother Theodore was a seasoned teacher and administrator when, at age 42,
she arrived at her Hoosier destination. Her Sister companions ranged in age from
22 to 40. They opened an academy for girls, which later became known as Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods College, and they established schools in Indiana and Illinois,
as well as two orphanages in Vincennes and free pharmacies at Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods and Vincennes.

The first convent was in the log cabin farmhouse of Sarah and Joseph Thralls.
The Sisters, along with four American postulants, and the Thralls family lived
together in the cramped farmhouse for more than a month before the Diocese of
Vincennes purchased the property to establish the community.

A lot about those early days of the community are known through the detailed
personal journals kept by the Sisters. One entry described how the women slept
on mattresses side by side in the small house, and they had to patiently wait as
each one arose from her bed in the morning and exited the sleeping area so that
the next person could get up.

"When she got her bearings," Sister Denise said, referring to Saint Mother
Theodore, "she wrote back to France almost immediately to the Sisters of
Providence who sent her. This sentence is one we go back to often. 'It is
astonishing that this remote solitude has been chosen for a convent, much less
for an academy. All appearances are against it.' So I like to think that way of
endurance, of carrying on the mission of those six women, gives one a sense of
belonging to the great work."

The academy for women was opened on July 4, 1841. By the next year, schools were
established in Jasper and St. Francisville, Ill.

"She was so remarkable, she was very busy opening schools, as soon as she would
have enough sisters, she sent them to different parts of Indiana and to
Illinois," Sister Denise said.

By the time Saint Mother Theodore died in May 1856, at age 57, the Sisters of
Providence were running schools in several communities. The congregation had
also grown from six sisters and four postulants to 67 professed members, nine
novices and seven postulants.

Sisters in the classroom

Sister Ellen Cunningham was 11 years old when she first visited Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods. A Chicago-area native, she was visiting an aunt who was one
of the Sisters of Providence.

"As soon as I saw it, I knew this is where I wanted to come to college," Sister
Ellen recalls, sitting in her office in Guerin Hall. "And then, after two years,
after my sophomore year, I decided to enter the community."

She did not intend to be a teacher, a vocation chosen by many of the Sisters,
but after trying it, she found out she liked it. Many sisters taught at
elementary and secondary schools, and some found posts in higher education and
administration. Sister Ellen became an instructor at the college, spending 38
years from 1974 to 2012 in the classroom, as well as a few more semesters as an
adjunct instructor.

"There was never a dull moment," she said cheerfully. "I was waiting for a dull
moment and it never came."

She had entered SMWC as a math major and a French minor, but she was also asked
to teach chemistry and English and religion.

"Thanks to God, I never did teach all of them at once," she exclaimed.

In those days, about a third of the faculty members were Sisters, while the
other faculty were lay men and lay women. The students and the Sisters developed
close ties and enjoyed traditions such as singing in the lunch hall. She later
would get her graduation ring from SMWC, and she went on to earn graduate
degrees, like many of the Sisters do.

"We are a well-educated group," she said. "Most sisters have a master's degree."

These days, she feels that many of the students still enjoy making connections
with the Sisters.

"I think that sometimes, we are grandmother figures. I think that they enjoy the
church," she said, noting that she recently saw some new students sitting around
the statute of Mother Saint Theodore and talking about her legacy.

She said there are many alumnae who keep in contact with her, and some who
consider her a mentor. The value of an SMWC education can be seen in the ongoing
ties with graduates, who enjoy homecoming and reunions.

"The students leave here with not only a good education, but also a sense of
God's providence, and the ability and confidence to make a difference in the
world," Sister Ellen said.

An immigrant in the woods

Social justice issues lie at the heart of activism for the Sisters of
Providence.

They take up causes to end poverty, gender inequality, racism, human
trafficking, and inability to live with the earth.

"There's a tendency to want power rather than to live in right relationship,"
said Sister Donna Butler.

And, creating more safety nets for people is not the answer to end poverty or
effect social change, she notes.

"One of the issues to solving poverty is we want to blame the poor for being
poor," she said. "I think we don't realize what could solve poverty, such as a
higher minimum wage and closing the gender gap. And I think there is some
resistance to that. Creating more safety nets is not the answer. What are the
reasons people have to come to the food pantry, and what can we do to change
that?"

The Sisters are also one of the six founding Congregations of the 8th Day Center
for Justice, founded in 1974 on the creation concept that after God creates the
world in seven days, on the eighth day, God invites people to be co-creators in
building a just and harmonious world. The center promotes peace, and also
participates in vigils that bring attention to social justice issues.

The Sisters have also made a commitment to address global issues such as human
trafficking, the second-largest criminal industry in the world. The Sisters have
taken on opportunities to educate the Wabash Valley on the issue, and were
particularly active when Indianapolis hosted the Super Bowl, one of the major
sporting events where human trafficking for prostitution is known to occur.

The Sisters of Providence have also developed a land ethic about how to use
their land and make decisions to sustain their land.

Many people think of Saint Mother Theodore primarily as a champion for the
education of girls. But animals and nature were also high on her priority list.

"She knew that land was an inheritance to be tended," Sister Donna said,
referring to the saint's journal writings. "And she would have been an animal
rights advocate today. You can see her sensitivity to animals and how they were
treated."

Saint Mother Theodore also called the congregation "daughters of the forest"
because the forest is a living ecosystem, and their survival in those early days
depended on living with the environment.

Another social justice principle practiced by the sisters is Fair Trade, an
approach to business and trade based on a commitment to cherish and uphold the
sacredness and dignity of every person. Fair Trade products ensure that farmers
and workers in developing countries receive a price that is fair for their
products.

The Sisters offer Fair Trade items in their Linden Leaf Gifts shop, located in
the Providence Spirituality and Conference Center.

A corridor of caring

Seeing a need, and trying to fill that need, has been an ongoing mission of the
Sisters of Providence since their founding days.

Providence Food Pantry, Helping Hands, Connecting Link -- those three
organizations and others like them are shining examples of how the Sisters of
Providence are making a difference by filling needs in the Wabash Valley.

"I think there is sort of a 'caring corridor' going on in West Terre Haute now,"
Sister Dawn Tomaszewski said of the ministries serving the needs of low-income
people near Saint Mary-of-the-Woods.

Sister Dawn points to an ongoing collaboration that shows how needs can be met
when people and groups work together.

The Providence Food Pantry started as an outreach at St. Leonard's Catholic
Church, but later made a move to the "corridor" when when the church was closed.
With no place to relocate the food pantry, Keith and Jamie Richie with Accurate
Insulation stepped up to donate retail space next door to their business. The
Richies do not charge rent, and St. Mary's Village Parish has a fundraiser to
pay for utilities.

Among the donations to the food pantry are regular contributions from the
Helping Hands resale shop, which was started by a group of women who "hung out"
at the pantry and came up with the idea for the resale store. During the past
few years, the shop has earned and given about $600,000 to benefit low-income
people. The shop makes a regular donation to the food pantry, which allows the
food pantry to provide meet every week for the clients. Last year, the pantry
fed 3,726 families, comprised of 13,732 individuals.

"What I love about it is, this is outreach at its best," Sister Dawn said of the
organizations.

There are also nine churches in the West Terre Haute area that work together to
provide donations of money and collect paper goods for the pantry recipients.

"It is like this beautiful collaboration partnership," Sister Dawn said.

The volunteers for the organization have also become close to Sister Joseph
Fillenwarth, who organizes the pantry efforts, and encourages the volunteers
interacting with clients to "Let them see the Jesus in you."

The volunteers call Sister Joseph the "heart of the ministry" because even
though they could run the food pantry themselves, they want their beloved Sister
to be involved. There are now 34 weekly volunteers at the stations when clients
make food choices.

"There's a sense of not handouts, but choices," Sister Dawn explained. "They
treat the clients with respect and are nonjudgmental."

Another part of the "corridor" is The Connecting Link, which has assisted more
than 3,000 individuals in need of food, money, furniture, clothing or basic
services since its beginning in 1997. Sister Dorothy Rasche works with the
churches and people who need assistance.

The West Terre Haute corridor also offers low-income housing through the
Providence Housing Corporation, which was formed to provide affordable housing
for neighbors in need.

It provides apartments to low-income senior citizens and houses for low-income
families in West Terre Haute. Providence Place consists of 56 apartments and 17
single-family homes.

That housing ministry started with a gift to Pope Benedict XVI for the
beatification of Saint Mother Theodore. As part of the saint-making process,
various promises are made, including building a shrine for the saint. The
Sisters decided to present the pope with a check for $50,000 that could be
returned as seed money to start the Providence Housing project, and he did that.

Outside of the Wabash Valley, the outreach extends healthcare, prisons and
education.

"Mother Theodore had this thing that she said early on, that 'we can't all stay
in the nest.' You've gotta be out there," Sister Dawn said.

The Wabash Valley Health Center, formerly the St. Anne's Clinic, was founded as
a ministry of the Sisters of Providence. For many years it has been a source of
medical and dental care for low-income people in Terre Haute, and now it has
evolved into a federally qualified health center.

Another gospel call answered by the Sisters is outreach to prisons.

Many Sisters of Providence have become visitors to inmates through prison
ministry. The Sisters also advocate for the end of capital punishment, and for
improved living conditions for those in prison.

Many retired Sisters stay "out on mission," whether that is working on the south
side of Chicago volunteering for hospice, or working overseas for people needing
assisted living.

Sister Jenny Howard said that the Asian connection for the Sisters began in the
early 1900s when the sisters were asked to establish a school for Chinese women.

It was a time of growth for the education of women, Sister Jenny said, and the
Sisters had a reputation for founding successful schools. In fact, before she
was assigned to her mission in America, Saint Mother Theodore had thought of
being a missionary in China.

So, it made sense that a sister from Connersville and five others were sent to
China, and they established a school on Nov. 24, 1920.

The school was moved in the 1950s to Taiwan, and the Sisters have ministered in
five locations.

--The St. Theresa Opportunity Center provides physical therapy and education for
mentally and physically challenged children.

--Reed School was founded to tend to the needs of physically and mentally
disabled adults.

--St. Camillus de Lellis Center for the Mentally Challenged is located on an
island between Taiwan and China, but a Sister visits each each to give
in-service training to the staff.

--Miracle Home serves an increasing number of low-income clients who are elderly
or with disabilities. It also has a senior center, and operates a Meals on
Motorcycles program to deliver meals to the homebound.

--Providence University is co-educational, and is the continuation of the
original school founded in China in 1920.

"These are another example of seeing a need and meeting it," said Sister Jenny,
who has been to Taiwan several times and enjoys the multicultural and
multi-ethnic diversity of the Congregation.

"They have a deep spiritual connection, I think," she said of the Asian
counterparts. And with the help of today's technology, communication is open and
fast, so there is no disconnected feeling between Taiwan and Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods.

Where are the alpacas?

The White Violet Center for Eco-Justice is a ministry founded in 1996 to foster
a way of living that recognizes the interdependence of all creation.

Sister Ann Sullivan is one of the founders of the center. A farm kid from
Illinois with degrees in psychology, theology and pastoral counseling, she said
that she felt that something was missing in the Woods until she learned about
eco-justice, and the concept "clicked" for her.

Tending God's Creation is part of Christian Scripture, and it deserved attention
in the Wabash Valley.

"I realized we could make a difference if we focused on eco-justice," Sister Ann
said, "so I sent around a proposal because it resonated deeply with who we were
as Sisters of Providence. So, we began talking about it, and no one picked it
up. It seemed like it was going no where, but it turns out a lot of people saw
it."

In 1994, she recalled, there was a lot of focus on eco-justice and
eco-spirituality, and it all fell into place for the Sisters.

"We all said, let's do this. That was unusual for us, but everyone was so in
sync, and within six months we had a plan developed. So there was huge energy
behind it," she said.

Transitioning to organic horticulture was no small task, and the Sisters did a
lot of learning. That led to development of an alpaca herd, because their wool
is a valuable product and the animals are gentle on the land and safe to be
around for people. The alpacas are also a huge attraction for the public, and
generate interest in what the Sisters do.

"People love to see them," she said. "We have a great wedding picture of a
couple with a little alpaca."

The center manages 343 acres of state-certified organic farmland, bees, a berry
patch, a water garden, a bluebird trail spring through fall, and classified
forest.

There are also educational opportunities for many groups and clubs such as
garden clubs, 4-H, scout troops, women's auxiliaries, college students,
homeschooling families and others.

A Community Supported Agriculture program also provides fresh produce, fruits
and herbs to people who buy into the program. Since many people no longer have
gardens as a hobby, the CSA is a way to connect people to locally grown food.

Sister Ann said the growth of the White Violet Center has been supported by
knowledge that shows up when it is needed.

She said she took a master gardener class, and she met a beekeeper there who
knew how to get hives set up for the center's gardens. She also found a
connection for organic gardening. And when she was looking for livestock,
information showed up in the mailbox about alpacas.

"When we needed something, somebody showed up to help us," she said. "That kind
of stuff, all the connections that we preach about -- being interconnected and
interdependent -- it showed up for us when we were getting started. And, it
still does today as well."

Providence has built it, and now people come

Tourism might sound like an odd component for a religious community to consider
for their mission, but the Sisters of Providence recognize that many visitors
are attracted to the peace, beauty and liveliness of their community.

Bringing people to the Woods to be refreshed takes a coordinated effort to set
up tours, retreats, programs and events.

Sister Paula Damiano, co-director of Providence Spirituality and Conference
Center, has led retreats and workshops on a variety of spiritual topics, and
holds a master's degree in spirituality.

"We say that we welcome all spiritual seekers. I think that probably includes
everybody, whether they know that they are spiritual seekers or not," Sister
Paula said in talking about the variety of experiences offered.

"We offer everything from a quiet weekend retreat to paper crafting to learning
how to pickle vegetables," she said of some of the hands-on workshops conducted
through the White Violet Center for Eco-Justice. "But here at Providence
Spiritually and Conference Center, we really want to introduce people to a side
of themselves that they think is neglected because of things like family, life,
so many commitments that we have these days."

The Sisters have recognized the benefit of billboards and self-promotion as a
way to share the "grandeur of God" by inviting everyone to visit the Shrine of
Saint Mother Theodore and take tours of The Woods.

Sister Denise recalls that one visitor welcomed by the Sisters was a businessman
who told them that he had seen their sign along Interstate 70 on his way St.
Louis. The man said that it was on his third time passing the billboard that he
made the decision to stop and visit the shrine of Saint Mother Theodore.

Last year, more than 2,000 people were counted taking tours and visits, and so
far this year, that number has been surpassed. That tells the Sisters that word
is spreading about Saint Mother Theodore and her example of caring and kindness
and spirituality.

"She faced some pretty tough things in her life and was able to live through it,
and flourish," Sister Paula said.

"Mother Theodore and the early Sisters had a great impact on the history of the
state of Indiana, because they were really some of the first to really offer
educational opportunities, especially for girls. Girls didn't go to schools in
their days," Sister Paula said. While the academy started at Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods was focused on higher education for women, the many grade
schools started by the Sisters was for both girls and boys.

The Sisters publish a booklet each year that describes their offerings to the
public.

They recently hosted a 12-step retreat workshop for both men and women that
numbered 25. The "In the Light of Providence" photography workshop has been very
popular, and the "Praying with the Mystics" workshop was so well received last
year that it was scheduled twice this year.

"One of the pieces that's been really popular and has really met a need is the
first Tuesday Taize (pronounced tah-Zay) prayer services. We've been able to
reach out to the whole community in the Wabash Valley. It is non-denominational
and has quiet prayer, beautiful music, and is that hour of quiet peace that
people need," Sister Paula said, recalling that many people in today's society
feel rushed and busy and have few opportunities to slow down in their daily
lives. So the offerings at The Woods are meant to provide that slow-down.

"We want to be able to give people that day or evening or weekend or week when
they can set all that aside and really treat themselves. Retreat, that word
retreat, I like to think of it as 'treat myself again.' People often think of a
retreat as really intense quiet time, and it can be that," she said, "but it can
also be through other activities."

The Sisters also offer organized tours of their property, and they really like
to focus on the new shrine of Saint Mother Theodore.

"I think that we take for granted that we have a Saint in Terre Haute, Indiana,"
Sister Paula exclaimed.

"We truly try to promote tours and pilgrimages to the Woods. I'm so struck when
I run into someone and they'll say, you know, I've lived in Terre Haute all my
life and I've never been out to the Woods. And yet that same day, we will have
had a tour bus here from St. Louis, Missouri, and I think people are making an
effort to come here from a couple of hundred miles away," she said of the irony.

The guestbook at the shrine shows the signatures of people from around the
world. On a recent morning, visitors Aurelia Duralski Costanza and her husband
Joseph Costanza took a guided tour of the Shrine of Saint Mother Theodore.

"I'm really impressed with it," Joseph said. He and his wife traveled from Ogden
Dunes, Indiana, for their visit. Aurelia is a 1960 graduate of Saint
Mary-of-the-Woods College, and they both attended the canonization of Saint
Mother Theodore at the Vatican in October 2006.

Trained docents conduct the tours, and while a donation is preferred, those
unable to pay are still encouraged to take a tour. Self-guided tours are also
allowed, but the Sisters believe it is a better experience to have input from a
trained docent.

The indoor tours highlight the shrine, Blessed Sacrament Chapel, Church of the
Immaculate Conception, and the National Shrine of Our Lady of Providence. The
outdoor tour takes in the grounds and the many sites including the Our Lady of
Lourdes Grotto, Saint Anne Shell Chapel, Convent Cemetery, White Violet Farm
Center and the alpacas, college buildings, St. Joseph's Lake and the replica log
cabin.

Guest accommodations are available, as are three hermitages at the lake.

Many people come for the spiritual aspect of The Woods, but not all. Many also
come to look at the architecture and for the historical significance. But no
matter the reason for the visit, Sister Paula said, most people express a
similar feeling about their visit.

"'I drive through the gate and I have a sense of peace'. I hear that more often
than not," she said, noting that there is good reason that The Woods shares such
peace with its visitors.

"I feel this place had been made holy, certainly by Saint Mother Theodore
walking in this place, but by all the people who followed after her, all these
years. You only need to go to the cemetery to see all of the people who prayed
here, walked here, worked here, ministered here, all with one purpose -- and
that is to bring the Divine to other people, to bring the Holy."

Providence by association

While their numbers reached into the 1,300s in the mid 20th Century, the Sisters
of Providence now number around 300. But that does not mean they are phasing
out. In fact, they have seen growth in a different area -- women and men of
faith who choose to have an intentional relationship as Providence Associates.

Sister Dawn said that the associate movement is a phenomenon right now in the
American Catholic Church. The movement has developed relationship with people
who are not vowed but choose to participate in the mission of the congregation
in a special way. Those people are attracted to the charism, or gift, of the
congregation.

"We believe that each religious community, each founder had a particular charism
to share with the church," Sister Dawn explained. "What makes the Sisters
different is the notion of Providence, complete trust in God, which Saint Mother
Theodore evidenced in her life and talked about all the time. So people with the
associate relationship are attracted to that spirituality.

"In this day and age, Providence Spirituality is a word we use to explain a
particular understanding of God and the universe and it comes out of cosmology.
We look at everything that's happening in the world and we say that God isn't
necessarily in his heaven controlling everything but that God spun the world
into creation and it's up to us to keep things going."

In classical Catholic theology, she continued, Providence is design and
governance of the universe. People are attracted to that, and to The Woods
through that connection.

"We think there is a sacredness about this place, and Saint Mother Theodore and
those since then have marked the land," Sister Dawn said of The Woods, "and
therefore, you cannot help but be holy when you're here. There's something about
this place."

However, women are not as likely to want to commit their lives to the perpetual
vows of the congregation these days. The Providence Associates movement is
becoming how the congregation now grows. The associates now number around 250,
almost as many as the Sisters themselves. And the Sisters see that as a good
thing, because it means that Providence is moving at a grassroots level.

"We see that as wonderful," Sister Dawn said. "That is a different way."

Once a person decides to look into the program, an associate is assigned a
companion Sister with whom to meet about once a month for a year to talk about
Providence, and the mission of love, mercy and justice, and about their
individual "giftedness." At the end of that year, the associate candidate
decides whether or not to make a commitment, and then decide what that
commitment will be, whether it is becoming a better parent, regularly
volunteering for community service, or assisting some other way where the
person's own gifts work best.

"I think this associate relationship has been a way for us to embrace the energy
for all those people who have already been touched by Providence," Sister Dawn
said.

Many of the Associates are people who have a history with the Catholic church.
Some were taught in school by Sisters. Others have relatives who are Sisters.
Some are people who have worked in the White Violet Center. Others have
affiliations with other denominations.

"But some people just kind of get to know us, and they like us, and they come on
board," Sister Dawn said.

Associates may be the way that the congregation carries on in future decades,
though the congregation continues to add Sisters each year, unlike many other
religious communities.

"One of the things that gets said about us a lot, because we are older -- our
median age is 78 -- because we are smaller in numbers, is that people call that
'diminishment,'" Sister Dawn said. "And I think that what we're trying to say
is, maybe, in size, if that is the measure of things, but I think the charism is
strong and we seem to be drawing people to that charism and partnering with
them."

She quotes Sister Denise in saying, "We have no thought of phasing ourselves
out. The mission is strong. Let's continue to do what we are called to do --
what we need to do."

Lisa Trigg can be reached at 812-231-4254 or at lisa.trigg@tribstar.com Follow
her on Twitter at TribStarLisa.

___ (c)2015 The Tribune-Star (Terre Haute, Ind.) Visit The Tribune-Star (Terre
Haute, Ind.) at tribstar.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20151022-TX-A-holy-place-Sisters-of-Providence-work-to-serve-make-a-difference-1
022-20151022

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TX


                        Copyright 2015 The Tribune-Star


                              748 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                          December 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Sixers' Dalembert having difficult period of adjustment

BYLINE: By PHIL JASNER; jasnerp@phillynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 847 words


IF THIS WERE a theater production, you could almost hear an off-stage voice
telling the audience, "The role of Samuel Dalembert is being portrayed by
Marreese Speights and Theo Ratliff."

At the same time, the 76ers' 21-game reviews are in, and that is essentially
what is happening.

It's not a matter of this being anyone's fault. It has been more about the
evolving of a team that has added six new players from the end of last season.
Some of the players are playing with a post player (Elton Brand) for the first
time. Collectively, they seem to be searching for a comfortable blend of
fastbreak and halfcourt offense, and they are clearly much better at the former.
They also are searching for a defense that can become their forte.

So far, no one is really happy. No one should be. They're 9-12 going into
tonight's game against the Cleveland Cavaliers, knowing that Brand is returning
from a two-game absence because of a strained right hamstring and hopeful that
Dalembert can find his way out of a personal quagmire.

In the season's original blueprint, Dalembert seemed to fit nicely as the big
man sharing the defensive load in the paint with Brand and remaining a factor on
offense, especially via dunks off backdoor lobs and a reasonably good 12- to
15-foot jump shot. Instead, Dalembert's role has diminished with the steady
improvement of Speights, a rookie, and the recent defensive contributions of the
35-year-old Ratliff.

Dalembert, who started all 82 games each of the last two seasons and has a
streak of 211 straight games, achieved substantial averages of 10.5 points, 10.4
rebounds and 2.34 blocks last season. He has the third-most blocks of anyone in
the NBA since 2003-04, behind Marcus Camby and Ben Wallace; he had nine blocks
against the Minnesota Timberwolves last December and came up with back-to-back
20-rebound performances against the Chicago Bulls and the San Antonio Spurs.

For whatever reasons, he hasn't come close to that level this season. He has
been scoreless in three of his previous six games and was 0-for-6 from the floor
in Saturday night's home loss to the New Jersey Nets; last season, the Sixers
were 15-6 when he scored at least 15 points.

"Different matchups . . . haven't allowed him to play his customary 30 to 35
minutes, and that hasn't allowed him to play his way out of certain things,"
coach Maurice Cheeks said. "For me, his effort is always there; it's not like he
doesn't go out there and try. He doesn't always get it done. No one does it
always, all the time."

Complicating matters, Dalembert has struggled with an ongoing knee problem.

"Sam's a lateral movement guy, so it's going to affect him getting up and down
the floor," Cheeks said. "I know it's bothering him."

The usually sunny Dalembert has played the role of the good teammate. He's been
a positive influence on the bench; he has cheered for the players on the court.
That, however, doesn't mean he's happy.

"I've been in some [difficult] stretches over my career," he said. "This one is
nothing new. You know that. It's just a situation I have to accept, work with
the organization. I mean, I wish . . . I'm not blaming nobody. Everybody's just
figuring things out right now.

"I've been feeling a little bit on the outside . . . People look and say, 'Sam's
minutes are diminished, or maybe Sam's doing something wrong.' I don't think
it's the case. If it was the case, somebody would come to me, talk to me and
tell me something.

"I've been in this situation before, where they're trying to reduce my minutes
and give them to somebody else and kind of see if things work. Obviously, so
far, things haven't been working . . . I'm not even thinking about the offense;
that's not what they ask me to do. They ask me to rebound and block shots ever
since I've been here. My defense has always been there."

He has been supportive of Speights, who started the last two games at power
forward in the absence of Brand (strained right hamstring), but also has
reminded him, "Don't take it for granted." He respects Ratliff, who is in his
second stint as a Sixer, this time an 11th-hour signee after Jason Smith was
lost for the season because of knee surgery.

"Overall, it looks bad for me," Dalembert said. "It seems like I'm the guy. I'm
not afraid to take any decision, any blame. If anybody wants to blame Sam, go
ahead. It's nothing worse for me. Where I come from [born in Haiti], I deal with
bigger issues than that. I'm going to continue to fight. If the coach puts me
out there for 10 to 15 minutes, whatever the case, I'm going to play hard for
this team."

If more minutes go to Speights, Dalembert said, "If that's what's going to help
us win and coach feels like that's what needs to be done, I'm going to cheer for
him."

And, even as he said, "I feel like there are times I should be on the floor," he
also said, "I'm always going to be supportive of my teammates and give my
advice, because at the end of the day then it's going to be tougher for the
other team." *

For more Sixers coverage, read the

Daily News' Sixers blog, Sixerville, at

http://go.philly.com/sixerville

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              April 2, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

New game makes run In the post-steroids era, baseball shifting focus toward
small ball

BYLINE: Troy E. Renck Denver Post Staff Writer A QUESTION OF POWER!

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. J-03

LENGTH: 622 words


Vero Beach, Fla. - Rafael Furcal carries his month-old baby around the
clubhouse, stopping and smiling as teammates dote on the infant.

Through his daughter, Furcal's value as a player can be summarized. He's a
Hershey Kiss, a big deal in a small package. As baseball grows smaller in the
post-steroid era, players such as Furcal and Tampa Bay's Carl Crawford will grow
in stature.

Furcal can run, steal bases and bunt, and has just enough pop to turn a sloppy
pitch into a souvenir.

"It seemed like the game was all about the home runs. Those guys always get paid
the most," Furcal said from his locker at Dodgertown. "But if you don't have a
leadoff hitter or guys who can get on base in front of them, it's not going to
matter what they do."

Any doubt that speed and versatility have become valuable was erased when the
Dodgers signed Furcal to a three-year, $39 million contract six months after
Jimmy Rollins received a five-year, $40 million contract extension from the
Phillies.

"The fans of Atlanta are going to love Edgar Renteria," Braves pitcher John
Smoltz said, "but you don't replace a guy like Furcal."

Furcal hit .284 with 12 home runs last season while reaching base 35 percent of
the time. He also fields his position well, which can't be underestimated after
years of teams sacrificing defense for offensive brute.

"No longer do you have to have power to be seen as a winning player," said Walt
Weiss, a Rockies' special assistant. "Your skills can be viewed more in how they
make the team as a whole function better."

Crawford resides as Furcal's counterpart in the American League. He is the type
of player previously lost in the shuffle, if not muscle, now poised to become a
superstar.

He is a young Barry Bonds, circa 1988. That season Bonds, looking more like a
sprinter than a shot putter, hit .283 and had 24 home runs, 58 RBIs and 17
stolen bases. Crawford compared favorably last year - with a .301 average, 15
home runs, 81 RBIs and 46 swipes. Crawford, recruited by Nebraska football
coaches to be an option quarterback, also has 43 triples the past three seasons.

As the game shifts away from pure power, there will be more focus on
baserunning, bunting and defense. The White Sox, who hit 200 home runs last
year, steamrolled through the playoffs as raiders of a lost art: small ball.

Chicago White Sox manager Ozzie Guillen called second baseman Tadahito Iguchi
his most valuable player because of his selfless at-bats. Elsewhere, the
glove-only player, viewed forever as a liability, is making a comeback in
Houston with shortstop Adam Everett and, to a lesser degree, in Colorado with
catcher Danny Ardoin.

That, explained former commissioner Fay Vincent, is the most delightful offshoot
of baseball's diminished power. It will shine light back on the nuances that
separate the sport from the NFL or the WWE.

``I think you will see some of the strategy come back,'' Vincent said.
------------------ Sparks flying

With baseball's power diminished, the importance of having a player capable of
sparking the offense becomes more critical. Denver Post national baseball writer
Troy E. Renck takes a division-by-division look at the catalytic forces.

NL West

Rafael Furcal, SS, Dodgers

Career .348 OBP; could hit 15 HRs with 50 stolen bases this season.

NL Central

David Eckstein, SS, Cardinals

Master bunter, especially on suicide squeeze.

NL East

Jimmy Rollins, SS, Phillies

Enters season with 36-game hitting streak.

AL West

Ichiro Suzuki, RF, Mariners

First player with 200-plus hits in first five big-league seasons.

AL Central

Scott Podsednik, LF, White Sox

Causes havoc on bases, plays with alarming intensity.

AL East

Carl Crawford, LF, Devil Rays

He is what Barry Bonds used to be: a 20-homer, 50-stolen base kind of player.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Special Section

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                             March 20, 2015 Friday

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 949 words


Higgins offers fresh perspective

Our community has incredible potential. While people are often understandably
cynical when it comes to progress, I still believe that after a decade of
community advocacy, progress always can occur when people come together and make
it happen.

I live in Enos Park, but I have known Ward 7 alderman candidate Michael Higgins
for many years. I have worked with him on committees, including most recently
the long-range transportation plan's citizens advisory committee. While he and I
don't always agree, I always leave our conversations knowing he has the best for
Springfield at heart. Higgins brought great insight and perspectives to the
committee in regard to transportation, especially from the perspective of people
living in the heart of our community.

Higgins demonstrates what is possible in Springfield. He does not settle for
less and never gives up. At Maldaner's, Chef Higgins demonstrates that solar
power can help supplement CWLP-provided electricity for an energy-intensive
business. He brings a refreshing perspective of what can work here and puts
those ideas to action. He especially is able to communicate ideas and bring
people on board -- a vital skill for our community in the 21st-century global
economy. Higgins will bring a can-do attitude to the city council.

While the other Ward 7 candidates are fine individuals who bring great
perspectives to the table, Higgins is exactly the fresh face the Springfield
City Council needs. I encourage Ward 7 residents to consider Michael Higgins for
city council on April 7.

Steven Simpson-Black

Springfield

Revisit pre-election budget ideas

Incredulous!

That can be the only response to the view of Kristina Rasmussen of the Illinois
Policy Institute in the March 13 State Journal-Register (In My View, " A renewed
Illinois is worth the fight").

The institute does not anticipate that state cuts will cause local property tax
increases or that private fundraising will not possibly balance budgets of
non-profit social service agencies and health providers, unless more for-profit
corporations radically increase charitable giving in lieu of casting hundreds of
millions of dollars into political waters.

The institute also ignores the negative impact of fiscal austerity if it means
diminished health care, job loss, reduced productivity, less consumption and
lower sales and income tax revenue. Medicaid funding cuts in some instances can
threaten the very existence of some primary care providers.

Continued under funding of state colleges results in the acceleration of
tuition, fees and other student expenses. These cuts contribute to lower
admissions, diminished programs and the exodus of students to neighboring
states, making Illinois less likely to maintain a quality future workforce.

The governor proposed during the 2015 election phasing out the state's
(temporary) income tax increase over four years and broadening the state's sales
tax to some services, including printing, storage, charter flights, advertising,
trailer parks, attorneys, janitorial services and travel agents. Legislative
leaders now suggest such a "balanced" budget strategy. After the election, the
governor did not renew his "balanced" proposal, and the institute has deleted
that plan from its computer hard drive.

I hope the reasonable pre-election proposals can re-emerge in the course of
budget negotiations.

Kurt R. DeWeese

Springfield

For whom is AFSCME looking out?

So, ASFCME argued in court that the retirement benefits of state of Illinois
retirees, whether or not they have yet retired, cannot be reduced or diminished.

And yet AFSCME was instrumental in reducing the value of health insurance
benefits for retirees (those who already retired) and who are enrolled in
Medicare -- the oldest retirees in the system.

I'm not sure, exactly, whose interests ASFCME is looking out for.

James L. Buck

Jacksonville

U.S. must protect innocent in Iraq

Thursday was the 12th anniversary of the United States' invasion of Iraq. I draw
your attention to the responsibility the United States and the international
community have toward the victims of the current human rights abuses taking
place in Iraq as a direct consequence of that ill-begotten war.

My religious order, the Dominicans, is one of the few humanitarian organizations
still operating in the regions of Northern Iraq where hundreds of thousands of
men, women and children suffer abuses of their human rights and human dignity.

Our Iraqi Dominican sisters and brothers, themselves displaced from their homes
by the incursion of the "Islamic State," daily expend their energies to look
after the physical, spiritual and psychological needs of thousands of internally
displaced persons.

Yet, their own government, the international community and most especially the
United States fail in their "responsibility to protect," outlined in the United
Nations convention on genocide, which declares that states bear the
responsibility for "protecting populations from genocide, war crimes, crimes
against humanity and ethnic cleansing, and their incitement," and if they fail
in this, "The international community has a responsibility to use appropriate
diplomatic, humanitarian and other means to protect populations from these
crimes."

We Dominicans stand in solidarity with people of good will throughout the world
in our call for immediate action to protect vulnerable populations in Iraq by
seeking an immediate cessation of violence, effective protection for civilians,
access to education for displaced children and additional funding to ensure the
protection of human rights and the basic human necessities for all.

Sr. Marcelline Koch

Springfield

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            January 18, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Defense still a challenge for Sixers' Speights

BYLINE: By BOB COONEY; cooneyb@phillynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Biggie Sports; Pg. 80

LENGTH: 807 words


It was a simple question posed to 76ers coach Eddie Jordan following Friday's
98-86 win over the Sacramento Kings, in which the Sixers limited the Kings to 37
percent shooting and held an opponent under 100 points for the fourth straight
game.

Jordan was asked if he could pinpoint why his team has been playing so much
better defensively, a big part of the reason they've won three of four. The
coach hesitated in his answer, partially because he let out a little giggle.

Perhaps he did so because he is so happy about his team's recent performance on
the defensive end. Perhaps he was joyful in that he seems to have found the
right people on this team to do what is needed to make stops at the right times.

Simply put, Jordan has stopped trying to mesh 12 players into a 48-minute game
and has shortened his rotation considerably. The one most affected is sub
forward/center Marreese Speights.

Speights, in his second year out of Florida, might be the team's best scoring
threat. He is also a serious defensive liability. Play him 20-plus minutes, and
he'll give the team double-figure scoring almost every time. But his offensive
production is almost negated by his inability to help and recover on defense or
get to the right spot on pick-and-rolls when he has to rotate.

It appears that is the reason his minutes have diminished considerably lately.
His 16 minutes on Friday were the most he's played in seven games.

Last Wednesday's 93-92 loss against the New York Knicks was a prime example.
Speights got off the bench for only 9 minutes, all in the fourth quarter. During
that limited time he contributed 10 points and six rebounds. And when the team
had a chance to win the game on its final possession, he was the first offensive
option.

"You are our secret weapon, man," chided center Samuel Dalembert to Speights in
the locker room recently. "You come in for a little bit of time, but you score
big."

But in that Knicks game, Speights also failed twice to get where he needed to be
defensively, and the Knicks scored two big baskets that heavily contributed to
the win.

On the upside, there is Speights' incredible offensive abilities. The
22-year-old is a flat-out scorer with an ability to hit mid-range jumpers, post
up and drive hard to the basket. Also, due to his youth, he can become a much
better defensive player as he continues to learn the NBA game.

The more obvious reason for the Sixers' defensive improvement (and Speights'
diminished playing time) is the play of center Dalembert, who has pulled down an
average of 14.3 rebounds his last six games, including 21 in that Knicks game
and 20 earlier this month against Washington. He is scoring more frequently,
blocking and altering shots and has become a key to the team's turnaround.

Until that changes, Speights can expect his playing time to be limited.

Sickness/injury updateAllen Iverson missed yesterday's practice with a stomach
virus. He was on the team plane in the afternoon to fly to Minnesota for today's
3:30 p.m. game against the Timberwolves, but he will be a game-time decision.

Fellow guard Willie Green's minutes were limited in Friday night's win due to a
sinus infection. Green played just 5 minutes and hit a three-pointer, but was
bothered enough that Jordan didn't want to use him more.

Forward Andre Iguodala had an X-ray on his right ankle during Friday's game, but
they were negative, and Iguodala, though hobbling slightly, returned. He seems
to be fine now.

Stefanski family reunionGeneral manager Ed Stefanski and his oldest son, Ed Jr.,
traveled out to Minnesota on Saturday to catch up with another Stefanski son.
Kevin Stefanski, 27, is an offensive quality-control assistant on the Minnesota
Vikings staff under Brad Childress. Kevin played collegiately at Penn, his
father's alma mater.

"Once the [football] season starts, he is pretty much working all the time, so
it's hard to get to see or talk to him," Stefanski said. "Those guys put in some
serious hours."

Stefanski attended the Cowboys-Vikings game yesterday.

On the WolvesAfter missing the first 18 games of the season with a broken hand,
second-year forward Kevin Love, from UCLA, has recorded 17 double-doubles in 23
games. For the season, the 6-10 Love is averaging 15.2 points and 12.3 rebounds.

First-year coach Kurt Rambis' team has struggled mightily, winning just eight of
its 41 games. But there is reason for optimism. The Wolves are painfully young
with Love, rookie guard Jonny Flynn (13.9 points) and third-year forward Corey
Brewer (12.6 points) getting many minutes.

Episcopal Academy's Wayne Ellington, in his first season out of North Carolina,
is averaging 6.3 points in 18 minutes a game. He has scored 17 points in each of
the past two games, career highs.

The Sixers return home to host Andre Miller and the Portland Trail Blazers on
Wednesday night at the Wachovia Center.


LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Matt Hoffman

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                AFP - RELAXNEWS (English International Version)

                            August 29, 2015 Saturday
                                   WELL-BEING

Screen time before bedtime could be especially damaging to preteens

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 406 words


Experts have been warning for the last few years that mobile device and computer
screens diminish sleep quality, but a new study suggests the effect could be
particularly detrimental for children and young teenagers.

Nighttime light exposure of any kind can imperil sleep, yet the new study says
that pubescent boys and girls between the ages of nine and 15 are particularly
sensitive -- more so than older teens.

"Students who have tablets or TVs or computers -- even an 'old-school'
flashlight under the covers to read -- are pushing their circadian clocks to a
later timing," says senior author Mary Carskadon of Brown University in the US.
"This makes it harder to go to sleep and wake up at times early the next morning
for school."

In the study, just one hour of nighttime exposure to light suppressed production
of sleep-inducing hormone melatonin for a participant group of 38 boys and girls
between the ages of nine and 14 years who were in the earlier stages of puberty.

On the flipside, the suppression of melatonin was less dramatic for a group of
29 boys and girls between the ages of 11.5 and 15.9 years old who had progressed
farther into puberty.

Melatonin samples were collected every 30 minutes using participants' saliva,
and light exposure started at 15 lux, the rough equivalent to twilight, which
suppressed melatonin by 9.2 percent in the younger group.

Lighting was then brightened to 150 lux (the approximate level of a residential
home) and the younger group's melatonin production dwindled by 26 percent and
500 lux (as bright as in an office) diminished melatonin production by 36.9
percent.

For the older group, 15 lux made no difference in melatonin production, while
exposure to 150 lux diminished production by 12.5 percent and 500 lux caused it
to drop by 23.9 percent.

The researchers noted no differences between boys' and girls' responses to the
light exposure.

"Small amounts of light at night, such as light from screens, can be enough to
affect sleep patterns," says Carskadon, who is the director of chronobiology and
sleep research at the EP Bradley Hospital in East Providence, Rhode Island in
the US.

Carskadon and her co-authors recommend limiting screen time before bedtime,
acknowledging that this could be difficult, for studies suggest a large
proportion of teens turn on their gadgets in the hour before they go to sleep.

The study was published in the Journal of Clinical Endocrinology & Metabolism.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: relaxnews.en.


                            Copyright 2015 Relaxnews
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

Claimant Wins Permanent Partial Benefits

BYLINE: Deborah Elkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 241  words


The Court of Appeals upholds an award of permanent partial disability benefits
for a claimant based on a medical finding of claimant's diminished range of
motion and loss of strength of 34 percent in her right arm.

In reaching his rating decision, the physician performed objective tests that
evinced impairment to claimant's right upper extremity and reviewed claimant's
medical records, which included lifting restrictions placed on claimant's right
arm. The physician also identified claimant's chief complaints as "right
shoulder and arm pain. " His medical opinion is not contradicted by conflicting
medical evidence in the record. In point of fact, his opinion - that claimant
experienced impairment to the use of her right arm as a result of her diminished
range of motion and strength - is consistent with the restriction another
physician placed on claimant's use of her right arm.

We cannot say the commission erred in crediting the rating physician's opinion
that claimant suffered functional impairment to her right arm as a result of the
injury to her shoulder.

Benefits award affirmed.

Northern Virginia Training Center v. Adomako (Alston) No. 0724-14-4, Dec. 2,
2014; Workers' Comp. Comm'n; Scott J. Fitzgerald, Sr. AAG, for appellant; W.
David Falcon Jr. for appellee. VLW 014-7-358(UP), 6 pp.

http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                             July 29, 2008 Tuesday

Agreements/contracts: UHP partners with Americare to distribute CallMD service

LENGTH: 646 words


Agreements/contracts

UHP partners with Americare to distribute CallMD service

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report

United Health Programs of America (UHP; Syosset, New York), a discount medical
provider organization an provider of cost containment programs for the
healthcare marketplace, reported an exclusive agreement with Americare Services
(Malvern, Pennsylvania) to be the sole distribution partner of Americare's
CallMD physician phone consultation service for the group, affinity and self
insured markets.

"Rising healthcare costs, increased medical-related absenteeism, treatment
delays and after-hour emergencies result in diminished productivity and
diminished profitability. Implementing CallMD is a proven way to minimize these
challenges while increasing the quality of medical care," said Jason Krouse,
chief medical officer of UHP. "CallMD will provide our loyal broker and
consulting distribution force with a successful tool for helping their clients
reduce and control the most pressing issue on their balance sheet - healthcare
costs."

Edward Mandel, chairman of Americare, said, "CallMD is the answer for people
with a non-emergency medical question, or those who need a non-narcotic
prescription, and would like a doctor's advice at a time that's convenient for
them - without missing work, or spending hours waiting at the doctor's office."

Mandel said the call center is staffed with RNs who document its members'
medical concerns and medical history prior to conferencing with a licensed
medical physician from its CallMD network. Doctors are available for personal
one-on-one phone consultations with members of any age group all day, every day,
he said.

In addition to CallMD, Americare's product offerings include: CallRN, on-call
RNs available by phone around the clock; FileMD, an online electronic health
record (EHR) for secure storing and easy retrieval of up-to-date personal
medical information; and DocsServe, an automated, HIPAA-compliant medical and
care-related data management service.

UHP works with qualified private-label resellers, insurance brokers and
consultants servicing the direct-to-consumer, union, association, affinity,
healthcare and group marketplaces.

In other agreement/contract news:

o Derma Sciences (Princeton, New Jersey), a provider of advanced wound care
products, said it has reached a two-year distribution agreement for its
Medihoney line with Novation (Irvine, Texas). The agreement runs through June
2010.

"This is our third key group purchasing organization (GPO) agreement for
Medihoney, and we continue to be encouraged that Novation and other
organizations seek to provide access to this important new technology to their
members," said Edward Quilty, CEO and chairman of Derma Sciences. "We are
particularly fortunate to be able to partner with Novation, which is a leading
top-tier GPO. Its members are noted for their outcomes-oriented approach to
clinical improvements, and are consistently seeking cutting-edge technologies.
We are confident that Medihoney, with the clinical benefits it provides above
and beyond those of other advanced wound care dressings, will be a great fit for
the members of Novation. Access to the thousands of new customers, through our
new technology agreement with Novation, presents a significant and growth
opportunity for Derma Sciences."

The Medihoney line of dressings, containing Active Leptospermum Honey, is used
for managing a wide variety of wounds and burns. In July, the FDA gave its
initial clearance of Medihoney, and the product was launched last fall.

o HMS (New York) said it has won a competitive procurement to continue to
provide revenue recovery and cost management services to the Arizona Health Care
Cost Containment System (AHCCCS; Phoenix), which operates Arizona's Medicaid
program. The contract runs through September 2009, and has four one-year
extensions.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2008 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              March 5, 2017 Sunday

Feeling deserted by Dairy Queen? Help is on the way

SECTION: E,E; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 260 words

ABSTRACT

comfort If you're looking for a chocolate-dipped soft serve cone from Dairy
Queen, you've been out of luck in recent years. The fast-food chain, known for
its Blizzards and soft-serve desserts, has diminished its presence in Orange
County. Many ice cream shops have shuttered in malls and strip centers, leaving
10 in the county. But in 2017, the Minneapolis-based chain is...

FULL TEXT

If you're looking for a chocolate-dipped soft serve cone from Dairy Queen,
you've been out of luck in recent years.

The fast-food chain, known for its Blizzards and soft-serve desserts, has
diminished its presence in Orange County.

Many ice cream shops have shuttered in malls and strip centers, leaving 10 in
the county.

But this year, the Minneapolis-based chain is poised to begin a big comeback in
Southern California. Over the next several years, the chain has plans to add as
many as 86 restaurants, stretching from Los Angeles to the Inland region.

In Orange County, the chain plans to double its presence to 20 stores.

Sites are undetermined as the chain is still scouting locations. They will be
branded as DQ Grill & Chill.

The name, introduced in 2001, represents the chain's focus on offering a larger
menu of fast-food staples - burgers, fries, sandwiches, chicken strips and hot
dogs.

"DQ Grill & Chill expands the brand's iconic frozen treat selection to offer a
full menu of innovative fast casual options," the company said in a statement.

Plans are to add 14 stores in Riverside County, 12 in San Bernardino County and
50 in Los Angeles County.

-Nancy Luna

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2017 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                           December 17, 2000, Sunday,

Extraordinariness bracketed session;
 The 106th Congress begins with impeachment, ends in electoral tumult. What does
it all say about the system?

BYLINE: JOSHUA L. WEINSTEIN Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT, Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1109 words


It began in turmoil and ended in confusion.

The 106th Congress, now staggering to an end, saw tumult in the presidency from
the start.

It opened two weeks after President Clinton was impeached and is closing after a
swirl of confusion over who would succeed Clinton.

"Isn't it amazing?" Sen. Olympia Snowe, the senior member of Maine's
congressional delegation, marveled. "What are the odds? I don't even know how to
develop odds! If you think about it, it's been almost 130 years since an
impeachment and 120 for the closest presidential contest."

Snowe, a Republican, has served 22 years in Washington -- 16 in the House and
six in the Senate.

The last session of Congress, bookended by weirdness, baffled even her. Between
those bookends, she said, was very little progress.

It was marked, she explained, by "the partisanship and the polarization and the
constant drawing lines in the sand."

Her colleague, Sen. Susan Collins, agreed.

"It was not productive in dealing with a lot of the larger issues; for example,
the education reform bill died, the prescription drug bill did not get acted on
by the Senate, but in another sense, there were some smaller victories -- for
one, the budget was balanced for the first time in 40 years without raiding
Social Security, and I think that matters," Collins, also a Republican, said. "I
have had a number of small victories myself that I was proud of, ranging from
getting my pediatric diabetes legislation signed into law to getting an
additional $ 5 million to help protect the salmon."

They have been harder years for the presidency. During the past five weeks, in
fact, as Americans watched the election spectacle in Florida, many wondered
whether we need a president at all.

The institution of the presidency has been battered -- weakened, some say.

"This has removed from the institution some of its mystique," said Forrest
Maltzman, a professor of political science at George Washington University in
Washington, D.C. "The U.S. presidency is a very weak position to begin with --
when you compare our system to other political systems, the head of our
executive branch has less power than most presidents and prime ministers -- and
so the power of the office stems largely from the legitimacy the people grant
it, and these events have both called that into question."

Stanley Kutler, a historian at the University of Wisconsin, said that "the
institutions are largely in the state of inertia right now -- they are frozen
solid by the 'gotcha' politics, by politics of personal destruction."

The presidency, he said, "is cheaper. There is no question about that -- Clinton
had something to do with that himself."

Not only the affair with Monica Lewinsky, a White House intern, and not only his
lies, Kutler said. Before Clinton was elected, he appeared on MTV, and answered
the question of whether he wears boxer shorts or briefs.

"Getting into his boxer and jockey shorts," Kutler sighed. "I mean, I can't
think of a president in recent memory who would have given any kind of answer to
that question. The presidency is much diminished these days. It still is very
powerful, but it is much diminished."

Diminished? Possibly. Talked about? Definitely.

People have been talking about politics the way they talk about sports. They've
been talking politics in bars, in coffeehouses, on the street.

The past two years have been a political scientist's dream, Maltzman said.

"You teach all these concepts, but they never happen -- conceivably somebody
could win the popular vote but lose the Electoral College, but it doesn't
happen. Conceivably the president could be impeached, but it doesn't happen."

Now it has.

But unlike Maltzman and Kutler, Leo Ribuffo, a historian at George Washington
University, doesn't think the unfortunate events of the past two years have
meant much.

"While it's been really weird, it hasn't been really consequential," he said.
"Historically speaking, I don't think any of this is as much of a hit on the
presidency in particular or the system in general as the Vietnam War or the
turmoil of the '60s or even the economic problems and the energy crisis of the
Carter years," he said. "At the end of the Carter years, all of the ranking
pundits were saying presidential leadership was dead, the system couldn't be
managed, and then Reagan came in and for good or for ill, he proved that if
you've got a solid coalition and some good charisma, you can make the system
work fairly well."

Collins said the events have shown just how strong the system is.

"There is no doubt that the presidency has been under severe pressure during the
past two years," Collins, a Republican in her first term in elected office,
said. "But the chaotic events and the, in many ways, tumultuous events of the
past two years have demonstrated that the presidency as an institution is
resilient, and that it is far bigger than any one person who may occupy the
office."

Collins was an intern in Washington during the Watergate summer of 1974. She
remembers crises.

This, she said, wasn't one.

Even Tony Buxton, a lawyer who went to Palm Beach County, Fla., on behalf of
Vice President Al Gore's recount team, stepped away feeling good about the
system.

Buxton's side lost. He believes the U.S. Supreme Court made a terrible decision
in ruling for George W. Bush and, in effect, naming him president-elect.

But he doesn't think there was a "constitutional crisis."

A constitutional exercise, but not a crisis.

Buxton, of the Portland law firm Preti, Flaherty, Beliveau, Pachios & Haley,
said he stepped away disappointed with the court but with faith in the system.

He is an experienced guy -- a lawyer for 22 years, listed in "Best Lawyers in
America." He is part of the system. He has reason to have faith in it.

Isaiah and Caro Williams have no such reasons.

They are 21 and 18, brother and sister. Both are students at Bennington College.

Isaiah Williams voted for Ralph Nader, the Green Party candidate for president.
His sister voted for Gore.

The two, who grew up in Cherryfield, are disappointed that Bush is
president-elect. They are a touch cynical about politicians, who they believe
generally care more about personal power than public service.

November's election was their first.

They plan to vote again in four years.

"This mess has told the American public that votes do count," Caro Williams
said. "What it comes down to is we do have control over our presidency."

Faith. They have faith.

Staff Writer Joshua L. Weinstein can be contacted at 791-6368 or at:
jweinstein@pressherald.com


LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2000 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              757 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              June 20, 2014 Friday

Americans' renewed generosity fails to reach truly needy

BYLINE: Kathy Silverberg

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A08

LENGTH: 807 words


The French historian Alexis de Tocqueville, while touring the United States in
the early 19th century, made the observation that Americans are a giving people.

Following his tour in 1831, undertaken to study this new nation and its
experiment in democracy, he wrote, "I must say that I have seen Americans make a
great deal of real sacrifices to the public welfare; and have noticed a hundred
instances in which they hardly ever failed to lend a faithful support to one
another."

Statistics released this week by Indiana University's Lilly Family School of
Philanthropy show that the spirit of giving among Americans has not diminished
in the nearly two centuries since de Tocqueville's visit.

Charitable donations were up in 2013 over the previous year and on track to get
back to pre-recession levels. The Giving USA report indicated that the average
American household gave nearly $3,000 to charity last year, some 4.3 percent of
their household income. In total, $335 billion in charitable donations were
received in 2013, representing a 4.4 percent increase over the previous year.

It is a common misconception that corporations and large charitable foundations
make up the lion's share of money given to charity. To the contrary, the Giving
USA report indicated that 72 percent of the donations came from individuals,
with the total representing an increase of 4.1 percent over the previous year.
Corporations were responsible for 5 percent and foundations for 15 percent. The
foundations increased their donations by 5.7 percent over the previous year,
largely because of a robust year on the stock market, but corporate donations
were down slightly in keeping with sluggish growth in pre-tax profits.

So it seems clear that charitable groups depend heavily on the generosity of
individual Americans who have an affinity or a personal connection to the causes
represented.

The biggest winners in this climate of increased financial optimism are
education, health and the arts, while social service causes and religious groups
have not experienced the same increases.

The report notes that donations to groups that serve the needy were more robust
during the recession but, now that the perceived need has diminished, wealthy
givers are more apt to return to their more traditional recipients, including
higher education and the arts.

That is regrettable, because the needs of those affected most by the recession
are more real today than ever. A recent study in Charlotte County found that the
median annual household income in 2012 was $41,190, compared with $50,696 in
2007. Statewide, the median in 2012 was $45,000, down 11 percent since 2000.

Older Americans, who make up a large percentage of the population in Southwest
Florida, were particularly hard hit by the recession. It is estimated that some
53 percent of seniors have less than $10,000 in assets. Too many face a shortage
of food and struggle with medical bills and household expenses. They are one
crisis, one illness, one family emergency away from homelessness.

Certainly, education holds the key to a more promising future, especially when
it is delivered early and maintained at a high level of quality for children and
young adults. The arts enrich a community and inspire the human spirit. And
improving health conditions makes life better for everyone. But the immediate
needs of those struggling to provide life's basic necessities are important as
well.

The needs in all of these areas far exceed the resources available. Thanks to an
improving economy and the charitable hearts of Americans everywhere, more money
is flowing into the coffers of nonprofit organizations. That trend needs to
continue and it must be joined by a commitment from the public sector and the
corporate world to lift up all Americans, to provide the kind of opportunities
that will give flight to the imagination and hope to the spirit.

The recent Giving Challenge, spearheaded by the Community Foundation of Sarasota
County, resulted in $3.1 million donated to more than 400 charities in Southwest
Florida. It was testament to the giving spirit of people who are making this
area their home.

Still, though, Florida struggles with a population that too often identifies
with the place they lived before relocating to the land of sunshine. Too often,
these newcomers send their charitable contributions back "home."

The message must go out that Florida needs not only the presence of its
residents but their commitment as well. It needs charitable dollars and the
belief that causes here are important, that if this area is to flourish it will
take everyone, individuals across the economic spectrum, businesses and
government, to make this a place where everyone can live their dreams.

Kathy Silverberg is a former publisher of the Herald-Tribune's southern
editions. Email: kathy.silverberg@comcast.net

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            December 4, 2015 Friday

Prosecution opts for psychological exam

BYLINE: TH Media

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 169 words


Prosecution opts for psychological exam

Prosecutors will have their own psychological examination performed on a man
accused of stabbing his girlfriend to death in Dubuque.

Iowa District Court Judge Thomas Bitter on Wednesday approved a request from
Assistant Dubuque County Attorney Brigit Barnes for a separate psychological
examination for Eddie Hicks, 27. He is charged with first-degree murder for
allegedly fatally stabbing Kahdyesha J. Lemon, 21, at her Dubuque home.

Barnes filed a request for examination by Dr. Tim Kockler at Iowa Medical and
Classification Center in Coralville, Iowa.

Hicks' defense attorney, Christopher Welch, filed a notice of defense claiming
diminished responsibility and/or intoxication, and Barnes notes the defense has
obtained its own psychological evaluation.

Barnes states Iowa law grants prosecutors the right to have an independent
expert evaluation when a diminished responsibility defense is claimed. Bitter
ordered that Hicks be transported to Coralville for the examination.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday

MWD cuts water supplies, increases rates

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 927 words


Southern Californians will be expected to use 10 percent less water this summer
and pay more for it, after a decision by regional water officials Tuesday.

The Metropolitan Water District, which distributes water imported from the north
and the Colorado River to the region, voted to implement an allocation plan that
cuts the amount of imported water local agencies will receive by 10 to 15
percent.

The MWD board of directors also voted to increase water rates by 20 percent this
year, and plan to raise them by as much next year.

The actions mark the first time since 1991 that imported water has been rationed
and the first time in since 1993 that rates have increased so dramatically.

"Today is really a historic day, it is a day many of us hoped we wouldn't come
to," said board chairman Timothy Brick, who represents the city of Pasadena on
the board. "The challenges we face today are as great as any board of
Metropolitan has faced ... It represents the end of an era of cheap water."

State officials have so far promised the region only 20 percent of its
allocation from northern water supplies. Officials will likely increase this
amount in the coming days, but MWD general manager Jeffrey Kightlinger is
certain it won't be enough to avoid forced conservation.

"It's not going to fundamentally change the situation," he said.

Though statewide snowpack is at 81 percent of normal, the cumulative effects of
dry conditions in the state and the West in recent years have left reservoirs
severely depleted.

MWD's reservoirs are about half what they should be. If water use continues as
it has, without the mandatory conservation approved Tuesday, and dry conditions
persist, MWD would have enough water in storage to last two years. With the
allocation plan, the agency extends the storage supply an additional year, if it
is not replenished.

"We don't know if we are in the third year of a 3-year drought, or the third
year of a 15-year drought, like in Australia," said board member Keith Lewinger,
who represents the San Diego County Water Authority.

In addition to drought conditions, water supplies have been slashed by a court
decision to cut the operation of pumps that move water from the Sacramento-San
Joaquin River Delta, near Sacramento, south to Los Angeles.

The court decision has not only diminished supplies, but also driven up to
two-thirds of the rate increase.

MWD has had to replace the cut water with more expensive recycled water and
water from farmers who agree to fallow their land. The agency has also had to
help finance solutions to the problems in the Delta, where the pumps have been
blamed for killing endangered Delta smelt fish.

With solutions to the Delta situation years away, diminished supplies and higher
rates will continue regardless of drought conditions, Kightlinger said.

"Even if next year is wet, realistically we won't be able to get much of that
water into storage. We are going to have to let it go to the ocean because the
pumps can't be turned on," he said. "So we are going to have to be cautious in
using our storage supplies."

How the MWD's rationing and rate increases will specifically affect residents
and businesses varies from city to city. Many local cities and water utilities
get only a portion of their water from MWD, and rely on groundwater for the
rest.

"It's going to hit them each a bit differently," said David Hill, water
resources manager for Central Basin Municipal Water District.

Central Basin gets about 30 percent of its water from MWD and distributes it to
municipalities and retailers in East Los Angeles, La Habra Heights, La Mirada,
Montebello, Monterey Park, Pico Rivera, Santa Fe Springs and Whittier, among
other cities.

On average, Southern Californians will be required to cut their water use 10
percent. And they can expect to pay about $15 more a month for water, once the
full 40 percent increase over two years is implemented, Kightlinger said.

Most cities have been adopting conservation plans that place restrictions on
water use, or implementing tiered rate structures, under which water becomes
more expensive the more you use, or doing both.

Cities that have already responded to voluntary calls for water conservation in
recent years will be hit less hard, Kightlinger said. Those cities will not have
to conserve 10 percent on top of what they have already cut.

Cities or water agencies that use more than they are allocated will be forced to
buy additional water at three to five times the normal cost.

The mandatory conservation plan begins July 1. The rate increase takes effect
Sept. 1.

The MWD board of directors is made up of representatives of its 26 member cities
and water districts.

Only the Central Basin Municipal Water District voted against the allocation
plan.

The agency maintains the plan hits some districts harder than others and says it
is particularly hard on low-income residents. General manager Art Aguilar also
said the plan does not take into consideration certain preferential rights that
Central Basin has because of investments it made in MWD's infrastructure years
ago.

The agency filed a lawsuit against the allocation plan. As part of a settlement
agreement, MWD also voted Tuesday to reduce the fines water districts pay for
overuse of their allocations if those water districts provide discounts to
elderly and economically disadvantaged people.

"We still don't think it's a good plan, but we are glad to see the effect of the
plan on those least able to pay has been taken into consideration," Aguilar
said.

rebecca.kimitch@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2105

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              June 19, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Crawford Is Likely To Get Trip To Detroit

BYLINE: CARTER GADDIS, igaddis@tampatrib.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 788 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG


By CARTER GADDIS

igaddis@tampatrib.com

ST. PETERSBURG -- All-Star voting ends for fans June 30. Barring a ballot-box
stuffing party at Tropicana Field, the Devil Rays again will be one of the many
beneficiaries of the rule that says every team must be represented at Detroit's
Comerica Park on July 12.

DH Jose Canseco remains the only Rays player ever elected by the fans to start
the All-Star Game, and he was forced to miss it because of a back injury in
1999.

Fans elect the starters, but players choose the reserves, and there's always the
chance one of the Rays could sneak in that way.

Chances are, however, the Rays' representative will have to be added once the
fans and players chose the top 31 in each league.

Manager Lou Piniella hasn't picked All-Stars since 1991, when he managed the NL
team after his Reds won the 1990 World Series. But he has an opinion on which
Rays players should be considered this year.

"Toby [Hall's] been very consistent from the start of the season until now,"
Piniella said. "[Jorge] Cantu has gotten hot. [Carl] Crawford's had a nice
spurt. Except for a week or so, our closer [Danys Baez] has done a nice job,
also. But Toby, from the start of the season until now, has been very
consistent."

Hall, 29, has established himself as a serviceable major-league catcher. His
chances of becoming an All-Star, however, are diminished because of the other
quality catchers in the AL. Boston's Jason Varitek will be elected the starter,
and Hall must contend with the Yankees' Jorge Posada, Baltimore's Javy Lopez and
Detroit's Pudge Rodriguez.

Cantu, 23, has nudged into the top 10 in batting in the AL and has been a
consistent hitter from the moment he joined the Rays in 2004.

Baez, who converted 30 of 33 save chances in 2004, has blown six saves this
year, a number that can be attributed in part to the fact he has had to serve as
his own setup man most of the season.

Julio Lugo is fourth among AL shortstops with a .288 batting average, behind
Baltimore's Miguel Tejada, Texas' Michael Young and New York's Derek Jeter. Like
Hall, his chances are diminished by the depth of his position in the league.

Crawford has become one of those players who makes others around him better. An
example of that is found with an examination of Lugo's statistics when he has
batted second behind Crawford at leadoff.

In those games when Crawford has reached base, the shortstop has batted .509
(28-for-55). In all other situations, Lugo has batted .230 (48-for-209).

Crawford's speed changes the way pitchers deal with Lugo. It means more
fastballs, which means more hittable pitches, which means more hits for a good
fastball hitter.

Crawford leads the Rays in RBIs, runs and hits. The two-time AL stolen base
champion and Tampa Bay's primary leadoff batter is fourth among AL left fielders
with 40 RBIs, behind Boston's Manny Ramirez, the Yankees' Hideki Matsui and the
Angels' Garret Anderson.

Chances are, Crawford's going to his second consecutive All-Star Game. And he'll
deserve it.

A VOTE FOR ELIA: They don't elect coaches to the All-Star Game, but if they did
Rays hitting coach Lee Elia would be a strong candidate.

There would have been no logical reason for anyone to predict the Rays would hit
as well as they have this season, especially with RF Aubrey Huff scuffling well
below his .295 lifetime average and with CF Rocco Baldelli lost for the season.

Yet, the Rays have hung around the top three in the AL in team batting average
(.278) and top five in runs scored (311 through Friday, 4.6 per game) all
season.

This after Tampa Bay finished 14th in hitting in 2004 (.258) and 13th in runs
scored (714, 4.4 per game).

(CHART) WHO'S THE ALL-STAR?

Although none of the Devil Rays threaten an election to start the All-Star Game
on July 12 in Detroit, at least one of them must go. Here are the candidates to
join Rolando Arrojo (1998), Roberto Hernandez (1999), Jose Canseco (1999), Fred
McGriff (2000), Greg Vaughn (2001), Randy Winn (2002), Lance Carter (2003) and
Carl Crawford (2004) as Rays All-Stars:

Name Pos. Comment

Danys Baez Closer Has saved 39 percent of Rays' victories

Jorge Cantu IF Has become team's most consistent run producer

Carl Crawford LF Leads team in runs scored, RBIs from leadoff spot

Toby Hall C Has hung around .300; throwing out runners consistently

Julio Lugo SS Has 13 errors, but good at the plate, on the base paths

(CHART) FAN POLL

With Lou Piniella around through 2006, will the Rays make significant strides?
Go to keyword: Rays to cast your vote.

Tonight on "Sports Extra" at 11:25, Dan Lucas explores the baseball legacies of
West Tampa's Tony La Russa and Lou Piniella.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: BASEBALL: INSIDE THE GAME

GRAPHIC: CHART 2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              761 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              July 16, 2006 Sunday

Kansas crops suffering'Dry times' may be sign of future

SECTION: SUNDAY BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 517 words


A light shower falls as I write this, not enough by itself to be very
beneficial, but better than nothing, because it comes on the overcast heels of a
half-inch gentle rain hours earlier. We'll take it, in other words.

We'll take it and take it and take it, if nature will deliver it. For we are in
much of the state as far behind as seven inches for this half-year alone, and
much more than that in places going back almost a decade and for at least
several years in other spots. This, then, is a long-term dry spell with
far-reaching consequences spread over much of the southern and central Plains.

A truism is that the longer we go without, the sooner the day arrives the
reversal begins. Ha. Tell that to the homeless under a bridge. Yet, with rain
it's true, or at least it has been.

Informally chatting with the Kansas Secretary of Agriculture Adrian Polansky the
other day was arresting. Polansky told me he had some dryland corn back home in
Republic County that was probably not going to make it because of the dry
conditions. And, the Republican River, a major tributary of the Kansas River,
was at basically a no-flow, down from a minuscule 15 cubic feet per second at
the end of last month.

Yet, he said, some crops were holding on between Topeka and Belleville, and it
was beginning to be rather amazing that they hadn't given up. An occasional
drought-time shower has fallen here and there. In earlier droughts, I've noticed
that 0.40 inches seems really great. In wet years, 0.40 is only a nuisance
shower.

Nonirrigated corn in eastern Kansas was hurting or gone on thinner soils, and
one had to wonder how much yields were diminished already, even if rain began
soon.

We have to wonder how far down our western reservoirs are and how diminished are
the alluvial aquifers of our streams. From the Kansas River eastward from
Junction City the demands from a dense population, irrigated crops, electrical
generation and fish and wildlife are great.

For the past few seasons, eastern Kansas farmers have more or less lucked out
with timely rains that offset an overall lack of moisture. Has that lucky streak
ended, leaving growers with a depleted subsoil level of moisture to reckon with?

This season in the Kaw Valley between Topeka and Manhattan, irrigators started
their center pivot systems three weeks earlier than normal, and for some the
dates were personal records. That wasn't a good sign.

At my place, the dry time is measured from the year 2000, when a large pond
began its death shrink. It took until this summer to completely dry out to a
cracked silt flat. All the fish died a year ago.

Out in western Kansas, the dry time goes back almost 10 years.

A handful of 80-and-up folks recall as youngsters the Dirty '30s. In those years
farmers moved to more wheat and hay and had fewer acres of full-season crops
like corn. I hope we don't have to return to Saturday-only baths. But that and
worse could be lurking on up the trail.

Jim Suber is a former staff writer for The Topeka Capital-Journal. He is an
independent regional columnist who writes about rural life and agricultural
issues.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              762 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                              July 16, 2006 Sunday

Kansas crops suffering'Dry times' may be sign of future

SECTION: SUNDAY BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 517 words


A light shower falls as I write this, not enough by itself to be very
beneficial, but better than nothing, because it comes on the overcast heels of a
half-inch gentle rain hours earlier. We'll take it, in other words.

We'll take it and take it and take it, if nature will deliver it. For we are in
much of the state as far behind as seven inches for this half-year alone, and
much more than that in places going back almost a decade and for at least
several years in other spots. This, then, is a long-term dry spell with
far-reaching consequences spread over much of the southern and central Plains.

A truism is that the longer we go without, the sooner the day arrives the
reversal begins. Ha. Tell that to the homeless under a bridge. Yet, with rain
it's true, or at least it has been.

Informally chatting with the Kansas Secretary of Agriculture Adrian Polansky the
other day was arresting. Polansky told me he had some dryland corn back home in
Republic County that was probably not going to make it because of the dry
conditions. And, the Republican River, a major tributary of the Kansas River,
was at basically a no-flow, down from a minuscule 15 cubic feet per second at
the end of last month.

Yet, he said, some crops were holding on between Topeka and Belleville, and it
was beginning to be rather amazing that they hadn't given up. An occasional
drought-time shower has fallen here and there. In earlier droughts, I've noticed
that 0.40 inches seems really great. In wet years, 0.40 is only a nuisance
shower.

Nonirrigated corn in eastern Kansas was hurting or gone on thinner soils, and
one had to wonder how much yields were diminished already, even if rain began
soon.

We have to wonder how far down our western reservoirs are and how diminished are
the alluvial aquifers of our streams. From the Kansas River eastward from
Junction City the demands from a dense population, irrigated crops, electrical
generation and fish and wildlife are great.

For the past few seasons, eastern Kansas farmers have more or less lucked out
with timely rains that offset an overall lack of moisture. Has that lucky streak
ended, leaving growers with a depleted subsoil level of moisture to reckon with?

This season in the Kaw Valley between Topeka and Manhattan, irrigators started
their center pivot systems three weeks earlier than normal, and for some the
dates were personal records. That wasn't a good sign.

At my place, the dry time is measured from the year 2000, when a large pond
began its death shrink. It took until this summer to completely dry out to a
cracked silt flat. All the fish died a year ago.

Out in western Kansas, the dry time goes back almost 10 years.

A handful of 80-and-up folks recall as youngsters the Dirty '30s. In those years
farmers moved to more wheat and hay and had fewer acres of full-season crops
like corn. I hope we don't have to return to Saturday-only baths. But that and
worse could be lurking on up the trail.

Jim Suber is a former staff writer for The Topeka Capital-Journal. He is an
independent regional columnist who writes about rural life and agricultural
issues.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal


                              763 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           January 27, 1993 Wednesday

The pressure on Mulroney is from within   ANALYSIS " The economy sputters, the
polls are   low and the speculation continues, but the Prime   Minister hears
only the voices that matter to him

BYLINE: HUGH WINSOR; GAM

LENGTH: 996 words

DATELINE: Ottawa ONT


BY HUGH WINSOR
Parliamentary Bureau
  Ottawa
 WHATEVER Prime Minister Brian Mulroney tells his cabinet tomorrow and
then his caucus this weekend about his personal intentions, the words will
come from his own political sensibility rather than as the result of any
arm-twisting from his party.

The speculation in the capital about Mr. Mulroney's plans continues
unabated, increased rather than diminished by the television appearance of
Hugh Segal, the Prime Minister's chief of staff, on Sunday. Having agreed
to go on CBC Television to argue that Mr. Mulroney was staying, Mr. Segal
responded to the crucial question with evasive answers that diminished his
credibility.

But with the exception of a couple of murmurs from previously unheard-
of backbenchers, Mr. Mulroney has not been pressed to show his hand.

There has been nothing comparable to the British tradition where "the
men in dark suits," representing financiers and party organizers, tell the
Conservative prime minister of the day that the time is up.

Nor is it necessary, says a retired Conservative cabinet minister who
is convinced the Prime Minister will be talked into resigning by his
friends. "Unlike John Diefenbaker, Brian Mulroney can take advice. When he
got into trouble was when the advice was sugar-coated. He does much better
when he is given the straight goods."

He believes the advice that it would be better for him to step down is
coming from national election-campaign chairman John Tory and from Mr.
Segal.

But the reason the speculation continues so vigorously is that not even
senior and experienced Tories can be sure what is about to happen.
Seasoned pros such as former campaign chairman Norman Atkins and fellow
senator Finlay MacDonald differ over the Prime Minister's future.

Before getting on a plane for holiday in Hawaii this week, Mr. Atkins
gave Mr. MacDonald odds of 3-1 on a bet that Mr. Mulroney would have
resigned by the time he returns to Canada.

The fact that Mr. Mulroney has not come under any direct pressure to
make way for a new leader - despite defeat of the constitutional proposals
in the referendum, the failure of any tangible benefits from his
government's economic policies and the Conservatives' low standing in the
polls - shows how the Prime Minister has built up party unity.

Gone are the days remembered by former Ontario Conservative government
whip Milton (Bud) Gregory: "When there's trouble, we Conservatives like to
draw the wagons in a circle and shoot inwards."

But even if no Tories are shooting at him directly, Mr. Mulroney is
facing the prevailing winds, the strongest of which is the all-pervasive
message of change that blows across the border from the United States.

He has to answer the question of whether a new leader of the
Conservative Party would be better able to respond to that desire for
change.

And if his party's current policies are unpopular, does a government
that has been below 20 per cent in the polls for three years have the
moral legitimacy to undertake a radical shift?

In addition to unpopular policies and the lack of any improvement in
the economy, the Prime Minister remains personally unpopular.

Mr. Mulroney is also acutely aware of the manoeuvring by supporters of
several would-be leadership candidates. Even though the potential
candidates have been publicly discreet, their agents' recruiting activity
had become so unseemly that Mr. Segal felt it was necessary to squelch it
publicly.

"There has been nothing comparable to the conspiracies and intrigue
that were going on in 1982 and 1983," said Tory MP Alan Redway, recalling
the Mulroney team's efforts to dump Joe Clark as Tory leader. But members
of Mr. Redway's riding executive have been sounded out about several
possible leadership candidates.

Even though Mr. Segal's description ("He doesn't act like someone about
to quit") has not convinced many Tories that Mr. Mulroney is determined to
lead them into the next election, it may have bought some time until the
question has to be addressed in earnest.

One of the factors favouring a Mulroney decision to stay and fight the
next election is the Prime Minister's conviction that he is a superior
campaigner to Liberal Leader Jean Chretien and NDP Leader Audrey
McLaughlin. In addition, the Tories can put together a more skilled team
of organizers and have more financial resources than either of the other
major parties.

The results of the referendum have taken some of the shine off Mr.
Mulroney's reputation as a great campaigner. But Mr. Mulroney is still
seized with the Quebec question. Although recent polls show that
Conservative support in the province has been leached away by the Bloc
Quebecois, Mr. Mulroney still feels an obligation to his Quebec caucus.

He is also given more credit in Quebec for sincerity than he receives
elsewhere. This, combined with the question marks about Premier Robert
Bourassa's political future, may balance competing pressures.

Aside from the public and political considerations, there are many
personal and family considerations for Mr. Mulroney, including his view of
his place in history. By quitting now, he has an unbroken record of wins
and an impressive number of firsts. But if he chooses to stay and his
party is defeated in the fall, he goes out a loser rather than a winner.

There are some party activists who believe the Conservatives would fare
better with a new leader. But they are not going to push Mr. Mulroney
against his will because, in the words of one of them, "most Tories
believe he has done the right things, even if the rest of the country
disagrees with them."

CLARIFICATIONS

The Globe and Mail's Hugh Winsor erred Wednesday in reporting a wager  between
Senators Finlay MacDonald and Norman Atkins.

Mr. MacDonald in fact offered Mr. Atkins 3-to-1 odds that Prime
Minister Brian Mulroney will stay on as the country's leader. Mr. Atkins,
a former Mulroney campaign chairman, accepted the bet.

The Tattler welcomes further sporting information from the nation's
casino-on-the-Rideau.
(Friday, January 29, 1993, Page A2)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1993 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           January 19, 2011 Wednesday

Trojans lose a rebuilding block

BYLINE: michael lev Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C

LENGTH: 379 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES



HIGHLIGHT: Bryce Jones, the seldom-used freshman shooting guard, transfers from
USC.


 A rebuilding basketball program suffered a blow Tuesday when freshman Bryce
Jones announced he was transferring from USC.

The 6-foot-5 shooting guard from Taft of Woodland Hills, a top-100 prospect in
the class of 2010, left the team primarily because of diminished playing time.

After starting the Trojans' first 10 games and averaging 28.1 minutes and 11.2
points, Jones became a seldom-used reserve once transfer Jio Fontan became
eligible. In the past eight games, Jones averaged 11.1 minutes and 3.1 points.

"My family and I felt it was in my best interest to transfer," Jones said in a
statement issued through the school. "Although my time at USC didn't go exactly
how I had hoped in terms of playing time, I appreciate the experience I was
offered and wish my teammates nothing but the best in the future."

Six days after USC coach Kevin O'Neill singled him out for sparking the team to
victory against UCLA, Jones played only four minutes in Saturday's loss at
Oregon State.

"There's a reason for that, but I'm not getting into that because that's between
him and (me) and the team," O'Neill said after Tuesday's practice.

O'Neill said he had "several" conversations with Jones about his playing time,
including a long one shortly after Christmas. But O'Neill couldn't change Jones'
mind about leaving.

"My only regret is I couldn't meet his needs as a player," O'Neill said. "I'm
going to play the guys that I think can help us win in games and that I think
can play the best for us. I always do that.

"You hate to lose any player, especially a guy that's a good guy and potentially
has the chance to be a very fine player. But I respect his decision."

Jones will have to sit out next season if he transfers to another Division I
school. He'll have three years of eligibility starting in 2012-13.

The loss of Jones makes a thin USC squad even thinner. He was part of an
eight-player rotation that will shrink to seven unless freshman forward Curtis
Washington earns O'Neill's trust. Washington has appeared in two games and
played seven minutes so far.

NOTES

USC (10-8, 2-3), coming off consecutive losses at Oregon and Oregon State, plays
host to Stanford (10-6, 3-2) on Thursday. ...

Junior forward Nikola Vucevic leads the Pac-10 with 11 double-doubles (points
and rebounds).

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bryce Jones (15) lost his starting job when Jio Fontan became eligible.
With diminished playing time, he decided to transfer.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                            October 22, 2013 Tuesday

Justices of U.S. Supreme Court take up Fifth Amendment case

BYLINE: Kimberly Atkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 943  words


The U.S. Supreme Court showed little willingness on Wednesday to rule that the
introduction of evidence from a murder defendant's court-ordered mental
evaluation violated his Fifth Amendment protection against compelled testimony.

During oral arguments in Kansas v. Cheever, No. 12-609, the justices shot down
several theories offered by the attorney representing Scott Cheever.

"Assuming the incredulity of my colleagues continues with your argument, which
way would you rather lose?" Justice Sonia Sotomayor asked Cheever's counsel,
drawing laughter from the audience.

The case stems from Cheever's federal trial for capital murder, where he was
accused of shooting a sheriff to death and firing at other officers in Kansas.
Cheever claimed that he could not form the necessary murderous intent because he
had been high on methamphetamines for days. After the court was notified of
Cheever's planned voluntary intoxication defense, he was ordered by the judge to
undergo a psychiatric evaluation. The trial was then put on hold when defense
counsel fell ill.

By the time the case finally was ready to go to trial, the death penalty had
been reinstated in Kansas and Cheever was charged in state court. He admitted to
shooting the sheriff, but again argued diminished capacity due to his meth
intoxication, and introduced a psychiatric expert in support of his defense.

The state called as a rebuttal witness the expert who evaluated Cheever during
the federal proceeding, and he testified that Cheever did not suffer diminished
capacity during the shooting.

Cheever was ultimately found guilty and sentenced to death. But the Kansas
Supreme Court reversed his conviction, holding that admitting the testimony of
the court-ordered analyst violated Cheever's right against self-incrimination.

This issue has split the state and federal courts. Some courts, such as the 5th
and 7th U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals, allow the admission of evidence from
court-compelled mental evaluations either directly or for impeachment purposes.
Others, including state courts in Michigan and Minnesota, have held that the
Fifth Amendment prohibits the introduction of statements made during a
court-ordered competency examination.

The Supreme Court granted Kansas' petition for certiorari.

 'He shot the sheriff'

At oral arguments, Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt said it was the
defendant who "made the trial decision to make his mental status an issue and
then supported his argument by introducing as evidence the testimony of a mental
health expert. "

"We're asking for a rule of parity that allows that once the defendant has
opened the door by putting his own expert on, the government may respond in
kind," Schmidt said

Justice Anthony Kennedy wondered if the state's requested ruling was
overreaching.

"I take it, under your theory, even if the defendant had not called his own
expert, we would still have the same issue before the court and you would (say]
the expert can testify?" Kennedy asked.

Schmidt said in the result would be the same because the defendant waived his
right against self-incrimination when the expert testimony was introduced in
federal court before those proceedings were halted.

Justice Stephen Breyer pointed out that the government's expert did more than
simply refute the voluntary intoxication defense -- he gave damning evidence
against the defendant.

"We have the government expert saying no, he's not insane, and the government
expert going on to give an explanation of why he shot the sheriff," Breyer said.

"If the court wishes to speak to scope, I think it could reaffirm the
constitutional standard" that the evidence is allowed if it is "reasonably
related" to the defendant's diminished capacity defense, Schmidt said.

Justice Antonin Scalia wondered aloud if everyone was missing the point.

"The issue is not whether the state can call its own expert," Scalia said. "The
issue is whether the state can compel (the defendant] to speak to its expert. "

Clash of constitutional rights

Georgetown University Law Center professor Neal K. Katyal argued on Cheever's
behalf that "the state was trying to use Scott Cheever's words against him"
through the testimony of the state's expert witness.

"It's the clash between two different constitutional rights: the right to put on
an effective defense on the one hand, or the right (against] self-incrimination
on the other. " Katyal said.

But the justices were quick to challenge his argument.

"If this had played out entirely in the federal court, the examination of the
defendant was pursuant to Federal Rule (of Criminal Procedure] 12.2," Justice
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said, referring to the rule governing expert examinations
relating to diminished capacity pleas "Your argument seems to be that Rule 12.2
violates the Fifth Amendment. "

"Our argument ultimately does invalidate a small part of the application of
12.2," Katyal acknowledged, "and for that reason we think that the court should
avoid that constitutional question" by ruling that the introduction of the
evidence in this case was unconstitutional.

"But that puts the government in an impossible position," Breyer said. "The
defense is allowed witnesses who've examined the defendant (but the prosecution
is not. ] I can't imagine how the Fifth Amendment can say that. "

"I think the Fifth Amendment imposes a different value judgment of our founders
based on this type of situation in which you are peering into the defendant's
mind," said Katyal.

A decision from the court is expected later this term.



http://www.rilawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Virginia Lawyers Weekly

                           October 17, 2013 Thursday

U.S. Supreme Court takes up Fifth Amendment case

BYLINE: Kimberly Atkins

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 943  words


The U.S. Supreme Court showed little willingness on Wednesday to rule that the
introduction of evidence from a murder defendant's court-ordered mental
evaluation violated his Fifth Amendment protection against compelled testimony.

During oral arguments in Kansas v. Cheever, No. 12-609, the justices shot down
several theories offered by the attorney representing Scott Cheever.

"Assuming the incredulity of my colleagues continues with your argument, which
way would you rather lose?" Justice Sonia Sotomayor asked Cheever's counsel,
drawing laughter from the audience.

The case stems from Cheever's federal trial for capital murder, where he was
accused of shooting a sheriff to death and firing at other officers in Kansas.
Cheever claimed that he could not form the necessary murderous intent because he
had been high on methamphetamines for days. After the court was notified of
Cheever's planned voluntary intoxication defense, he was ordered by the judge to
undergo a psychiatric evaluation. The trial was then put on hold when defense
counsel fell ill.

By the time the case finally was ready to go to trial, the death penalty had
been reinstated in Kansas and Cheever was charged in state court. He admitted to
shooting the sheriff, but again argued diminished capacity due to his meth
intoxication, and introduced a psychiatric expert in support of his defense.

The state called as a rebuttal witness the expert who evaluated Cheever during
the federal proceeding, and he testified that Cheever did not suffer diminished
capacity during the shooting.

Cheever was ultimately found guilty and sentenced to death. But the Kansas
Supreme Court reversed his conviction, holding that admitting the testimony of
the court-ordered analyst violated Cheever's right against self-incrimination.

This issue has split the state and federal courts. Some courts, such as the 5th
and 7th U.S. Circuit Courts of Appeals, allow the admission of evidence from
court-compelled mental evaluations either directly or for impeachment purposes.
Others, including state courts in Michigan and Minnesota, have held that the
Fifth Amendment prohibits the introduction of statements made during a
court-ordered competency examination.

The Supreme Court granted Kansas' petition for certiorari.

'He shot the sheriff'

At oral arguments, Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt said it was the
defendant who "made the trial decision to make his mental status an issue and
then supported his argument by introducing as evidence the testimony of a mental
health expert. "

"We're asking for a rule of parity that allows that once the defendant has
opened the door by putting his own expert on, the government may respond in
kind," Schmidt said

Justice Anthony Kennedy wondered if the state's requested ruling was
overreaching.

"I take it, under your theory, even if the defendant had not called his own
expert, we would still have the same issue before the court and you would (say]
the expert can testify?" Kennedy asked.

Schmidt said in the result would be the same because the defendant waived his
right against self-incrimination when the expert testimony was introduced in
federal court before those proceedings were halted.

Justice Stephen Breyer pointed out that the government's expert did more than
simply refute the voluntary intoxication defense -- he gave damning evidence
against the defendant.

"We have the government expert saying no, he's not insane, and the government
expert going on to give an explanation of why he shot the sheriff," Breyer said.

"If the court wishes to speak to scope, I think it could reaffirm the
constitutional standard" that the evidence is allowed if it is "reasonably
related" to the defendant's diminished capacity defense, Schmidt said.

Justice Antonin Scalia wondered aloud if everyone was missing the point.

"The issue is not whether the state can call its own expert," Scalia said. "The
issue is whether the state can compel (the defendant] to speak to its expert. "

Clash of constitutional rights

Georgetown University Law Center professor Neal K. Katyal argued on Cheever's
behalf that "the state was trying to use Scott Cheever's words against him"
through the testimony of the state's expert witness.

"It's the clash between two different constitutional rights: the right to put on
an effective defense on the one hand, or the right (against] self-incrimination
on the other. " Katyal said.

But the justices were quick to challenge his argument.

"If this had played out entirely in the federal court, the examination of the
defendant was pursuant to Federal Rule (of Criminal Procedure] 12.2," Justice
Ruth Bader Ginsburg said, referring to the rule governing expert examinations
relating to diminished capacity pleas "Your argument seems to be that Rule 12.2
violates the Fifth Amendment. "

"Our argument ultimately does invalidate a small part of the application of
12.2," Katyal acknowledged, "and for that reason we think that the court should
avoid that constitutional question" by ruling that the introduction of the
evidence in this case was unconstitutional.

"But that puts the government in an impossible position," Breyer said. "The
defense is allowed witnesses who've examined the defendant (but the prosecution
is not. ] I can't imagine how the Fifth Amendment can say that. "

"I think the Fifth Amendment imposes a different value judgment of our founders
based on this type of situation in which you are peering into the defendant's
mind," said Katyal.

A decision from the court is expected later this term.



http://www.valawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Morning Star (Wilmington, North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

Political endorsements carry uneven weight

BYLINE: Tim Buckland, Star-News, Wilmington, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 879 words


Feb. 10--WILMINGTON -- A politician grips the hand of another, and tells the
world that he or she endorses the person on the other end of that handshake.

Do you care? And how much weight does an endorsement carry in an era dominated
by social media and 24-hour cable news?

It can depend on timing, the group or person giving the endorsement, and to whom
they give it.

For the most part, endorsements matter more during the primary election season,
when more people who pay attention to issues and candidates head to the polls,
said Aaron King, professor of political science at the University of North
Carolina Wilmington. During the general election, most voters have already
picked their candidate, King said.

"By the time you get to the general election, so much of the population has
already made up its mind," he said. "In a primary election, there can be less
difference in the candidates and an endorsement can influence people."

That said, the influence wielded by politicians and other entities offering
candidate endorsements may be diminished in an era where people can get
information from a cacophony of sources in print, on television and online.

"I would say that it is less (important) than it used to be," King said of
endorsements.

Endorsements haven't usually been a predictor of winners, including in this
election cycle. Of 12 candidates remaining in a New York Times tracking of
endorsements received by Republican presidential candidates prior to the Feb. 1
Iowa caucuses, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush had received the most -- even as he
continued to lag in the polls. Bush finished sixth in the Iowa caucuses and
fourth in the New Hampshire primary.

The leader of national polling and the winner of Tuesday's New Hampshire
primary, businessman Donald Trump, was tied for last in prominent endorsements,
according to the Times list.

Who is endorsing

Christopher Clark, a professor of political science at the University of North
Carolina Chapel Hill, said good examples of uneven endorsements were the recent
endorsements of Trump by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and evangelical leader
Jerry Falwell Jr.

While the Palin endorsement got the attention of national media, it was an
"expected" endorsement, Clark said. In other words, people who would be swayed
by Palin likely already supported Trump, he said.

But Falwell's endorsement of Trump over more religious candidates like Texas
Sen. Ted Cruz, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson or former Arkansas Gov. Mike
Huckabee perhaps could inspire Falwell's supporters to consider the
thrice-married casino mogul instead of the more pious candidates, Clark said.

"It lends credibility if the person giving the endorsement has a standing in
that community," he said.

And people who haven't settled on a candidate may still look to a trusted local
leader to help guide their choice.

"I think endorsements do matter for people who are unsure about a candidate,"
Clark said.

Diminished value

But endorsements from politicians may not be the only ones losing their sphere
of influence, experts said. Others, including labor unions and newspapers, have
lost at least some of their swaying power, King said.

"When people only got their political information from their labor union at
work, the endorsement mattered much more," King said. "Back when newspapers were
the only game in town, (an endorsement) made a much bigger impact."

A notable example was New Hampshire, where New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie
received the endorsement of the New Hampshire Union Leader, the state's largest
paper, but still finished in a disappointing sixth place in the primary.

Bill Whalen, president of the Southeastern North Carolina Central Labor Council,
an affiliate of the AFL-CIO, said a union's endorsement -- in the wake of
dwindling memberships over the last few decades -- may not have the same scope
of influence it used to.

"Unions have taken a beating," he said. "We just don't have the reach that we
used to."

Whalen said unions, however, still represent a politically active bloc of voters
and that they seek out candidates who would advocate for issues important to
working families, such as living wage issues and trade deals beneficial to
American workers.

"Our union members are more willing to vote and volunteer on campaigns than the
general public," he said.

No endorsement

There are also cases where politicians, particularly those in early primary
states, decide to remain neutral -- at least publicly. Notable examples in this
primary cycle include Republican South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley and Republican
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire.

Both endorsed Mitt Romney in 2012. Ayotte declined to endorse a candidate ahead
of Tuesday's New Hampshire primary and Haley has yet to throw her support behind
a candidate as South Carolina's Feb. 20 GOP primary looms.

It makes sense for them to stay out of the fray, King said. A politician doesn't
want to back the wrong horse to end up with a president who didn't receive their
endorsement.

"There are many political reasons not to endorse someone," King said.

Contact Tim Buckland at 910-343-2217 or Tim.Buckland@StarNewsOnline.com

___ (c)2016 the Star-News (Wilmington, N.C.) Visit the Star-News (Wilmington,
N.C.) at www.starnewsonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160210-WG-Political-endorsements-carry-uneven-weight-0210-20160210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WG


                          Copyright 2016 Morning Star


                              768 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Judge Kreep sues state over pension plan

LENGTH: 583  words


San Diego County superior court judge Gary Kreep, already in the crosshairs of
the local judicial establishment, has filed suit against the state's Judicial
Council and the California Public Employees Retirement System, alleging he's
gotten a raw pension deal.


Elected in a close 2012 race against establishment favorite Garland Peed, Kreep
and a group of fellow elected judges assert they were shafted by a change in the
retirement system which they say favored appointed judges.
Besides San Diego's Kreep, the six judges listed on the complaint, filed
December 23 in San Francisco superior court, are Tehama County's Matthew
McGlynn, Alameda's Tara Flanagan, Imperial's Louie Brooks Anderholt, King's
Jennifer Giuliani, and Yuba's Benjamin Wirtschafter.
Petitioners are seven (sic) Judges of the superior courts who were elected to
judicial office in 2012, the filing recounts. Upon their election to judicial
office, Petitioners became members entitled to participate in [the Judges
Retirement System II] under the terms then offered.
Instead, the judges claim they were unfairly forced to participate in a new
system created by the Public Employees Pension Reform Act of 2013.
The reform act increased petitioners' salary withholdings, permitted reductions
to petitioners' salaries during their terms of office in violation of the
Constitution, and diminished the pension benefits they are entitled to earn,
according to the document.
Not only did the reform law become effective after Petitioners were elected to
judicial office, the complaint alleges, the new pension rules were retroactively
applied to them but not to appointed incumbents.
The law's terms have not been applied to judicial officers appointed prior to
its effective date, but only to Petitioners and those similarly-situated who
were elected to office prior to its effective date.
As a result, the salaries of the complaining judges were reduced by an
additional 6.25%. Besides that, the complaint adds, in 2014, during their term
of office, an additional 1% reduction was implemented...(meaning Petitioners
experienced a 7.25% reduction in pay over the amount established at the time of
their election to office)....
Petitioners are now subject to a fluctuating and increasing -as opposed to
guaranteed - rate of contribution towards their pension benefits. Additionally,
Petitioners' pension annuity has been diminished by application of a three-year
average salary annuity formula.
The filing argues that, through their election, Petitioners accepted and became
vested in the rights that were appurtenant to the office to which they were
elected.  Petitioner Kreep expended substantial effort, time, resources and
personal funds toward his election, to his detriment, the document says.
Subsequent to his election, Petitioner wound down his law practice, closing it
prior to and assuming office. Petitioner Kreep spent six days in December 2012
attending orientation as a new judge.
Kreep has rarely avoided controversy, once finding himself banished to traffic
court after sustaining a defendant's Fourth Amendment right against illegal
searches.
Most recently he was sued by Mark Seidenberg, California chairman of the
American Independent Party, for failing to pay back an $85,000 loan, according
to a December 12 U-T San Diego account.
Kreep, who once challenged the citizenship of president Barack Obama, is former
executive director of the conservative United States Justice Foundation. 2014
Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2014 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 2, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

After Year, Scope of Teacher Cheating Scandal Is Diminished

BYLINE:  By ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS

SECTION: Section B; Column 2; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1814 words


Thirteen months ago, 52 New York City teachers, principals and other educators
were accused of helping students ratchet up scores on standardized tests in what
was described as one of the biggest cheating scandals in American public
schools.

But a year later, the scope of the scandal seems diminished. Almost all were
immediately suspended, officials said, but now roughly half have been
reinstated, some with letters of reprimand, either because the evidence was
insufficient or further punishment unwarranted. An analysis released in December
and paid for by the teachers' union accused the investigators of ignoring
exculpatory evidence, intimidating young witnesses and declining to interview
educators who asked to have a union representative or a lawyer present.

Over the last month, The New York Times has taken a further look at several
cases in the cheating report, issued by Edward F. Stancik, special investigator
for the schools. The Times's review has found that in several cases, they were
based on ambiguous statistical evidence and the fragmentary, unsupported
testimony of young witnesses. At least two of the most damaging student
witnesses say they were misquoted or were misunderstood and now say their
teachers did not cheat.

The report contained powerful evidence, like photographs of "cheat sheets," that
cheating did occur at some schools. But the review raises questions about what,
if anything, occurred in at least 5 of the 32 schools cited, and whether the
report included the kind of investigative overreaching that former chancellors
have accused Mr. Stancik of attempting on other subjects.

Mr. Stancik's office was created a decade ago as an outside check on corruption
in the public schools. He answers indirectly to the mayor, but unlike a
prosecutor, he has no obligation to present or prove his case in any forum. In
this case, it was up to the Board of Education to conduct the equivalent of a
prosecution. And some experts are wary of the type of investigation that was
conducted. Diane Ravitch, a former United States assistant secretary of
education, said in an interview that she was leery of investigations based on
the recollections of children, comparing such testimony to that of the
discredited California day-care scandals of the 1980's.

Mr. Stancik said his investigators interviewed more than 300 witnesses. If some
recanted, he said, he still has confidence in his overall investigation. If
testimony was vague, the board had the responsibility to clarify it, Mr. Stancik
said. "That's like calling the F.B.I. to complain that the district attorney's
office didn't look at your case well enough," he said.

When the teachers were suspended, "many of the kids felt terrible, and they were
crying and they didn't want to get their teachers in trouble," Mr. Stancik
added. "For some, the easiest solution is to recant their previously truthful
statement."

Chad Vignola, counsel for Chancellor Harold O. Levy, and Thomas D. Thacher 2nd,
who carried out the union's investigation, met yesterday, without Mr. Stancik,
to take a second look at the fairness of the accusations.

Several of those named in the Stancik report and later reinstated said their
careers and lives were needlessly uprooted by the public disclosures. The
turmoil could have been avoided had investigators taken more care to clarify
what happened, they said.

One of the most vocal is Rebecca Ballantine, who grew up near Albany and always
wanted to be a teacher. She found her dream job, teaching black and Latino
youths at East Side Community High School in the East Village, an unconventional
school where students are judged by portfolios of work.

On Dec. 7, 1999, the day after her 29th birthday, she was called into her
superintendent's office and the Stancik report -- "Cheating the Children:
Educator Misconduct on Standardized Tests" -- was thrown on the desk. She was
accused of helping her students on the April 1998 reading test. Untenured, she
was fired 10 days later.

East Side had been pushing to raise test scores. The school was founded by Jill
Herman, who did not believe in tests. But in 1996, the state threatened to close
East Side for low scores, and the tests became a matter of survival. Ms. Herman,
the principal, made every eighth grader stay after school to drill.

Scores soared, and in 1998, the state took East Side off the registration review
list. That success drew Mr. Stancik's eye. Scouring records, he found that three
students in Ms. Ballantine's eighth-grade class had sharp increases in their
reading scores. He did not name the students, but one was Jubair Miah, a Bengali
immigrant. The Stancik report said Jubair received "clues" and that his score
rose to the 88th percentile from the 9th; though Mr. Stancik did not say so,
this reflected a gain of 27 right answers, to 43 from 16.

Ms. Ballantine's student teacher, Kirsten Widmer, recalls the day of the test:
Ms. Ballantine patted students on the back and answered whispered questions. If
someone handed in a test early, she told him to check his answers.

Ms. Widmer, who was never interviewed by Mr. Stancik, does not remember the
teacher's spending much time with particular students, certainly not enough to
give clues to 27 answers. "That kind of thing would have stuck in my mind as
strange," she said.

Jubair, in an interview, said he did well because he worked hard, went to test
preparation sessions, and took the test twice, after being held over in the
eighth grade. "I was turning in homework every day," he said. Jubair's math
score also soared that year, to the 72nd percentile in 1998, from the 47th in
1997.

Jubair continued to do well the next year, when he transferred to Washington
Irving High School, making passing or better marks, with an 80 in sequential
math skills, 75 in law and public service and 65 in Latin (the transcript showed
no grade in English). By 10th grade, his marks dropped sharply, and this year he
dropped out. Jubair said he hated the big, traditional school.

After being fired, Ms. Ballantine worked for a literacy program in the Bronx. In
May, she was hired by the private Calhoun School. Yet on June 2, the board
offered her reinstatement as a city teacher, partial back pay and a reversal of
her unsatisfactory rating, on condition that she accept a reprimand and drop her
union grievance. She agreed.

Mr. Stancik also accused Mary McGovern, a math teacher at East Side, of
cheating. Ms. McGovern, who had tenure, was quickly suspended but soon
reinstated on condition that she accept an unsatisfactory rating, a rarity only
given to 1 percent of teachers. Ms. Herman said investigators canvassed so many
students that it was inevitable that someone would say something incriminating.
Ms. Herman refused to give Ms. McGovern the unsatisfactory rating. "I did not
want to be a collaborator," she said.

Even so, Ms. McGovern felt demoralized. She took a job last fall at a public
school in an affluent New York suburb.

Despite Mr. Stancik's skepticism about the increases in East Side's scores, they
continued to rise after the cheating report.

Another school that drew attention when it was taken off the state registration
review list was Public School 115 in Washington Heights. Mr. Stancik narrowed
his investigation to one teacher, Guillermina Montano, who grew up five blocks
from the school.  He accused Ms. Montano of helping fifth graders cheat on the
reading test by telling them to "go back to the story," giving "an idea" of what
a question meant, and urging one girl to change her answer three times until she
"got it right."

The last and most damaging allegation came from Ana Castro, who was 11 when an
investigator knocked at her apartment door. Her parents were not home and her
aunt, who spoke no English, was watching a Spanish soap opera on television.

In a recent interview at her parents' Salvadoran restaurant in New Jersey, Ana
said Mr. Stancik's investigator talked to her for less than half an hour in the
doorway. He asked, she said, "if Miss Montano had helped us make better grades."

Ana said she replied that on one test, her teacher "told me to change the answer
three times until I got it right." But Ana said she never called it a reading
test. The answer changing occurred on a classroom math test that her teacher
"made up," she said, and the question had to do with centimeters, feet and a
boat. The investigator had brought along a copy of Ana's answer sheet from the
city reading test. After the investigator left, Ana realized he might have
assumed she was talking about the reading test, but her mother had thrown away
the business card and the girl did not know what to do.

Ms. Montano now teaches reading at P.S. 115.

Another teacher, Eileen Mitchell of Public School 31 on Staten Island, said she
was misquoted. Ms. Mitchell said she told investigators she gave her third
graders monthly diagnostic tests, providing scrap paper to work out answers. Mr.
Stancik's report quoted her as saying she provided scrap paper during a
standardized test so children could "try to get the answers right before putting
them on the grid paper."

Ms. Mitchell said her words were "twisted," to give the false impression that
she used scrap paper on the real test. Mr. Stancik said the statement in his
report that appeared to be attributed to Ms. Mitchell was actually a third
grader's.

Other cases fell into a gray area. A principal at Public School 16 on Staten
Island, Margaret Darraugh, was accused of "dismissing" evidence of cheating on a
fourth-grade math test.

Ms. Darraugh said in a recent interview that in 1997, some fifth graders told
two teachers in a casual conversation that their fourth-grade teacher helped
them on a math test. Ms. Darraugh investigated and decided the children were
telling exaggerated "fish stories." Mr. Stancik said that the children were
"very bright" and that he believed them. Ms. Darraugh was barred from working
for the board again, but the penalty was rescinded.

Robert Smith, a fifth-grade teacher at Public School 40 in Manhattan, gave
students a math test for practice, the Terra Nova, containing many questions
that appeared on the actual test, published by the same company. Mr. Stancik
said that the publisher had agreed not to sell Terra Nova within New York City,
and that Mr. Smith should have known better than to use it.

The Board of Education rules for test administrators, "Testing Do's and
Don't's," does not mention the Terra Nova test by name, and Mr. Smith said that
he did not know about the ban on selling it, or that questions would overlap. He
said he was only trying to help his students.

He received the Terra Nova booklet, he said, from a teacher working on the Lower
East Side, who got it from a test-preparation consultant for District 1.

Mr. Smith is now teaching remedial math. But, he said: "There will be people who
never look at you the same way."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Rebecca Ballantine, left, was fired after being accused of
giving her students improper help, and was later reinstated. One of them, Jubair
Miah, above, said he did well because he worked hard. (Nancy Siesel/The New York
Times); (G. Paul Burnett/The New York Times); Ana Castro said her teacher helped
her, but not on a state standardized reading test. (Keith Meyers/The New York
Times)(pg. B8)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              770 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 17, 2005 Wednesday Home Edition

BRIEFLY

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 9D;

LENGTH: 326 words


N.Y. won't let Holyfield fight

Four-time heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield of Atlanta refuses to give up
his ambition to reign again. But he might have t. He has been banned from
fighting in New York by the state's athletic commission, whose three members
voted unanimously Tuesday to place Holyfield on indefinite administrative
suspension, citing his "diminished skills and poor performance."

Holyfield, 42, lost to Larry Donald by a lopsided decision in his most recent
bout, on Nov. 13 in New York. He has one victory, four losses and a draw in six
bouts since 2001 and is 2-5-2 since 1999.

"We felt that his skills had significantly diminished, resulting in poor
performance, and that was the basis for our administrative suspension," Ron
Scott Stevens, chairman of the New York State Athletic Commission, said.

HOCKEY: Mogilny returns to Devils

Alexander Mogilny, the right winger who earned a Stanley Cup ring with New
Jersey, signed a two-year contract to return to the Devils. Mogilny came to the
Devils late in the 1999-00 season and helped New Jersey to its second
championship with four goals and three assists in the playoffs. He spent the
past three seasons with Toronto.

ETC.: Harvey wins Senior Women's title

Ena Harvey of Greensboro shot a final-round 73 to win her second consecutive
GSGA Senior Women's Championship by seven strokes over Liz Butler of Columbus.
Harvey had a two-day total 148 at the Orchard Golf & Country Club in
Clarkesville. . . . Decatur, with its renovated stadium not quite ready, has
moved Friday's season-opening football game against Rockdale County to Adams
Stadium. Kickoff is at 7:30 p.m. . . . Connecticut point guard Marcus Williams
was arrested Tuesday, the second member of the team charged in the theft of four
laptop computers from dorm rooms. Redshirt freshman guard A.J. Price was charged
Friday. Williams, 19, of Los Angeles, faces four counts of third-degree larceny.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              771 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                             June 29, 2006 Thursday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

BODIES IN MOTION CLOSES IRVINE SITE

BYLINE: BY GREGORY J. WILCOX Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 630 words


NORTH HILLS -- Bodies in Motion Inc. has closed its unprofitable Irvine location
and company founder Bruce Gordon said Wednesday that it could hasten the fitness
chain's exit from Chapter 11 bankruptcy.

The North Hills-based company made the reorganization filing on June 20 in the
Woodland Hills branch of federal bankruptcy court. The filing lists both debts
and assets at between $10 million and $50 million.

The approximately 35,000-square-foot Irvine facility, one of five Bodies in
Motion fitness centers, opened in January in the Irvine Spectrum and closed
Friday, Gordon said. Gordon's filing blamed the Irvine store for the company's
financial woes.

``That's the sole problem,'' he said. ``The other four locations are profitable.
I do not think this is a Chapter 7 (liquidation) situation by any means.''

Gordon founded the company 16 years ago and said that this is the first time one
of the fitness centers was closed on short notice because of financial concerns.
He focused on offering one-of-a-kind group exercise classes such as kickboxing,
yoga, dance and cycling. Each features multiple group exercise rooms, including
one for boxing and kickboxing, and an array of equipment. Some even have
full-size boxing rings.

``I've closed locations because there were too many fish in a fish bowl and we
needed a bigger fish bowl,'' Gordon said.

There were as many as 40 full-time employees at the Irvine location plus a cadre
of part-time trainers.

The club had between 1,400 and 1,500 members. By comparison, the similar-sized
West Los Angeles location has about 6,000 members.

Gordon, during a telephone interview, blamed the problems at the Irvine location
on the Irvine Co. Shortly after Bodies in Motion began work on the facility in
the first phase of the Spectrum, the Irving Co. commenced construction of a
parking structure and fenced off a portion of the parking lot, he said.

That forced club members to make a ``significant'' walk to reach the facility,
and business suffered.

``Having a convenient parking facility is critical to being successful,'' Gordon
explained.

``Foot traffic in the first phase was significantly diminished and a result of
the construction on the parking structure. If the foot traffic was diminished,
so was our sales potential,'' Gordon said.

Jennifer Hieger, an Irvine Co. spokeswoman, said she could not comment in detail
on the situation because of the filing.

``We certainly wish all of our retailers to succeed. In certain situations, for
any number of reasons, it just doesn't work out.''

She also pointed out that the center recently added a new Nordstrom store, 35
other shops and two new parking structures. And she noted that same-store sales
at the center are up 20 percent from a year ago.

And Gordon's explanation of the club's problems puzzled a former member named
Andrew, who did not want to reveal his last name. He joined in September for the
martial arts program, recently signed up his girlfriend and books some private
classes in advance.

He figures that the closure could end up costing him about $900.

And he wasn't inconvenienced by the parking situation.

``If you are going to the gym is walking 100 yards ... a difficult thing?'' he
mused.

He learned of the closing through an e-mail from one of his instructors.

``I loved it. It was really a nice place and people were friendly,'' he said.

Gordon said about 85 percent of the club members paid their dues on a monthly
basis and would likely lose, at the most, $60.

Club members who want a refund must contact the court because of the filing.

Ron Bender, Gordon's attorney, believes that the company will exit bankruptcy
financially sound.

``I've very convinced that Bodies in Motion is going to emerge from Chapter 11
in very short order.''

greg.wilcox@dailynews.com

(818) 713-3743

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 Digital First Media


                              772 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 16, 2013 Monday

Washington: New Arctic Report Card Shows Persistent Warming Trends

LENGTH: 568  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Embassy in London, The Government of USA has issued the following news
release:

Cooler summer temperatures diminished the degree of sea ice melt in the Arctic
Ocean in 2013, but the latest scientific analysis shows persistent trends of
warming and environmental change in one of the Earth's coldest regions.

Almost 150 scientists from 14 countries contributed to the Arctic Report Card
2013 issued by the National Oceanic and Atmospheric Administration (NOAA)
December 12.

"The Arctic report card presents strong evidence of widespread, sustained
changes that are driving the Arctic environmental system into a new state," said
principal editor Martin Jeffries, "and we can expect to see continued widespread
and sustained change in the Arctic."

Jeffries is also the science adviser for the U.S. Arctic Research Commission, a
research professor at the University of Alaska Fairbanks and a specialist in the
cryosphere, the Earth's ice-bound regions.

NOAA has produced the Arctic Report Card annually since 2006 to maintain an
important, long-term record of environmental observations to form the basis of
science-informed decisionmaking. Arctic conditions provide a tangible measure of
changing trends. The decline in the polar ice pack is also predicted to be a
dominant cause of the sea-level rise that will inundate low-lying nations and
cities under worst-case scenarios.

Secretary of State John Kerry repeatedly has emphasized the importance of
following the science in devising effective policy responses to climate change.
When the foremost international science panel released a report in September
calling warming trends "unequivocal," Kerry said, "It's the science itself,
demanding action from all of us."

Key findings of the Arctic Report Card 2013 include:

[#x25cf] Arctic air temperatures were above normal in Eurasia, but the coldest
in Alaska in 40 years.

[#x25cf] Snow cover in May and June was below average in 2013.

[#x25cf] Sea ice was at the sixth-lowest level since observations began in 1979.

[#x25cf] A longer growing season in the Arctic is allowing the growth of more
vegetation while it contributes to a diminished level of summer ice cover.

The new findings add another layer of urgency to fulfillment of the Obama
administration's Climate Action Plan, announced by the president in June. He
made the announcement to a student audience at Georgetown University in
Washington.

"I refuse to condemn your generation and future generations to a planet that's
beyond fixing," Obama said.

The plan outlines a wide range of activities and initiatives to mitigate climate
change, prepare the nation for the likely consequences of the trends and lead
the global community in adoption of compatible policies. A White House fact
sheet said reducing emissions of carbon dioxide and other greenhouse gases
contributing to warming trends is a principal area of activity. The U.S.
government is also supporting local-level preparations for the severe weather,
flooding and other extreme events expected to occur.

In exercising international leadership in climate change, the United States is
working with China, India and other major greenhouse gas emitting countries to
make a transition to clean energy economies. Further, the construction of
coal-fired plants for energy production no longer will receive U.S.-government
backed financing, except under special circumstances.

For more information please visit: http://london.usembassy.gov

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: FDA approves blood pump system to help patients maintain stable
heart function during certain high-risk cardiac procedures

LENGTH: 787  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today approved the Impella 2.5 System, a
miniature blood pump system intended to help certain patients maintain stable
heart function and circulation during certain high-risk percutaneous coronary
intervention (HRPCI) procedures, such as balloon angioplasty and stenting, which
re-open coronary arteries that are narrowed or blocked due to severe coronary
artery disease (CAD).

Coronary artery disease can lead to chest pain and heart attack and is the
leading cause of death for both men and women in the U.S. It occurs when one or
more of the major arteries on the surface of the heart become narrow or blocked,
reducing blood flow that supplies the heart muscle with oxygen-rich blood.

The Impella 2.5 System is a heart pump intended for temporary use by patients
with severe symptomatic CAD and diminished (but stable) heart function who are
undergoing HRPCI but are not candidates for surgical coronary bypass treatment.
In patients with diminished heart function, the heart pumps less blood than
normal every time it beats, which is sometimes associated with CAD.

Throughout an HRPCI procedure, the Impella 2.5 System helps maintain stable
heart function by drawing blood from the left lower chamber of the heart (left
ventricle) and pumping it into the aorta, the main blood vessel leading away
from the heart that supplies oxygen-rich blood to the body. Prior to starting a
procedure, the interventional cardiologist places the Impella 2.5 using a
catheter (a long narrow tube) with the pump loaded into the tip. The heart is
accessed by inserting the catheter into one of the body's large arteries,
usually in the leg, and then guiding the tip of the catheter through the
patient's arteries and into the left ventricle. Once in place, an external
controller and monitor turns the pump on and off, measures heart function, and
allows health care providers to adjust the pump as necessary to maintain stable
heart function and circulation during the procedure.

All patients undergoing HRPCI are at some risk for complications related to
decreased heart function and lowered blood pressure during the procedure, but
patients in need of treatment for extensive or critically located CAD who are
already experiencing diminished heart function are at high risk. Unstable heart
function that occurs during performance of an HRPCI procedure can result in
serious complications or prevent completion of the procedure.

"Use of the Impella 2.5 System is intended to prevent episodes of unstable heart
function, including unstable blood pressure and poor circulation, in patients
who are at high risk for its occurrence," said William Maisel, M.D., M.P.H.,
acting director of the Office of Device Evaluation in the FDA's Center for
Devices and Radiological Health.

The FDA reviewed data for the Impella 2.5 System in a premarket approval
application, the agency's pathway to evaluate a reasonable assurance of safety
and effectiveness for class III medical devices. Data supporting the approval of
the Impella 2.5 System included clinical data from the manufacturer's PROTECT II
clinical study with supporting information obtained from the USpella Registry, a
multi-center, observational registry.

The overall data provided evidence that, for patients with severe CAD and
diminished heart function, the temporary circulatory support provided by the
Impella 2.5 System during a HRPCI procedure may allow a longer and more thorough
procedure by preventing episodes of hemodynamic instability (e.g., poor
circulation, low blood pressure) due to temporary abnormalities in heart
function. Moreover, fewer later adverse events (e.g., need for repeat HRPCI
procedures) may occur in patients undergoing HRCPI with the pump compared to
patients undergoing HRPCI with an intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP). The Impella
2.5 System can be used as an alternative to the IABP without significantly
increasing the safety risks of the HRPCI procedure.

The Impella 2.5 System is manufactured by Abiomed, Inc., based in Danvers,
Massachusetts.

The FDA, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
protects the public health by assuring the safety, effectiveness, and security
of human and veterinary drugs, vaccines and other biological products for human
use, and medical devices. The agency also is responsible for the safety and
security of our nation's food supply, cosmetics, dietary supplements, products
that give off electronic radiation, and for regulating tobacco products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 23, 2015 Monday

Washington: FDA approves blood pump system to help patients maintain stable
heart function during certain high-risk cardiac procedures

LENGTH: 787  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Food and Drug Administration, The Government of USA has issued the following
news release:

The U.S. Food and Drug Administration today approved the Impella 2.5 System, a
miniature blood pump system intended to help certain patients maintain stable
heart function and circulation during certain high-risk percutaneous coronary
intervention (HRPCI) procedures, such as balloon angioplasty and stenting, which
re-open coronary arteries that are narrowed or blocked due to severe coronary
artery disease (CAD).

Coronary artery disease can lead to chest pain and heart attack and is the
leading cause of death for both men and women in the U.S. It occurs when one or
more of the major arteries on the surface of the heart become narrow or blocked,
reducing blood flow that supplies the heart muscle with oxygen-rich blood.

The Impella 2.5 System is a heart pump intended for temporary use by patients
with severe symptomatic CAD and diminished (but stable) heart function who are
undergoing HRPCI but are not candidates for surgical coronary bypass treatment.
In patients with diminished heart function, the heart pumps less blood than
normal every time it beats, which is sometimes associated with CAD.

Throughout an HRPCI procedure, the Impella 2.5 System helps maintain stable
heart function by drawing blood from the left lower chamber of the heart (left
ventricle) and pumping it into the aorta, the main blood vessel leading away
from the heart that supplies oxygen-rich blood to the body. Prior to starting a
procedure, the interventional cardiologist places the Impella 2.5 using a
catheter (a long narrow tube) with the pump loaded into the tip. The heart is
accessed by inserting the catheter into one of the body's large arteries,
usually in the leg, and then guiding the tip of the catheter through the
patient's arteries and into the left ventricle. Once in place, an external
controller and monitor turns the pump on and off, measures heart function, and
allows health care providers to adjust the pump as necessary to maintain stable
heart function and circulation during the procedure.

All patients undergoing HRPCI are at some risk for complications related to
decreased heart function and lowered blood pressure during the procedure, but
patients in need of treatment for extensive or critically located CAD who are
already experiencing diminished heart function are at high risk. Unstable heart
function that occurs during performance of an HRPCI procedure can result in
serious complications or prevent completion of the procedure.

"Use of the Impella 2.5 System is intended to prevent episodes of unstable heart
function, including unstable blood pressure and poor circulation, in patients
who are at high risk for its occurrence," said William Maisel, M.D., M.P.H.,
acting director of the Office of Device Evaluation in the FDA's Center for
Devices and Radiological Health.

The FDA reviewed data for the Impella 2.5 System in a premarket approval
application, the agency's pathway to evaluate a reasonable assurance of safety
and effectiveness for class III medical devices. Data supporting the approval of
the Impella 2.5 System included clinical data from the manufacturer's PROTECT II
clinical study with supporting information obtained from the USpella Registry, a
multi-center, observational registry.

The overall data provided evidence that, for patients with severe CAD and
diminished heart function, the temporary circulatory support provided by the
Impella 2.5 System during a HRPCI procedure may allow a longer and more thorough
procedure by preventing episodes of hemodynamic instability (e.g., poor
circulation, low blood pressure) due to temporary abnormalities in heart
function. Moreover, fewer later adverse events (e.g., need for repeat HRPCI
procedures) may occur in patients undergoing HRCPI with the pump compared to
patients undergoing HRPCI with an intra-aortic balloon pump (IABP). The Impella
2.5 System can be used as an alternative to the IABP without significantly
increasing the safety risks of the HRPCI procedure.

The Impella 2.5 System is manufactured by Abiomed, Inc., based in Danvers,
Massachusetts.

The FDA, an agency within the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services,
protects the public health by assuring the safety, effectiveness, and security
of human and veterinary drugs, vaccines and other biological products for human
use, and medical devices. The agency also is responsible for the safety and
security of our nation's food supply, cosmetics, dietary supplements, products
that give off electronic radiation, and for regulating tobacco products.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                           November 1, 2007 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

STRIKE 2! TORRE'S SISTER GETS BENCHED AS PRINCIPAL OF NEW ACADEMY

BYLINE: BY NICHOLAS HIRSHON DAILY NEWS WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 384 words


IF YANKEES FANS had a say before their team cut ties with Joe Torre, he might
still be skippering in the Bronx.

And if Msgr. Robert Thelen could have gone to bat for the manager's sibling,
Sister Marguerite Torre, maybe she'd still have her Queens school principal job.

"I would have certainly made a strong case for Sister Marguerite, and
conceivably Sister Marguerite might have become the new principal," Thelen said
yesterday in an interview with the Daily News.

Until last February, Thelen, 61, was pastor at Nativity of the Blessed Virgin
Mary Church in Ozone Park, where Marguerite Torre helmed the parish school for
26 years.

But Thelen, who first proposed a merger between Nativity and a neighboring
parish about four years ago, was gone by the time church officials passed over
Torre for the top job at the merged Divine Mercy Catholic Academy this spring.

Thelen said his replacement, the Rev. Gregory Wielunski, simply wasn't as
familiar with Torre's record, and concerns that the 78-year-old nun was too old
for the job hurt her bid.

"Certainly had I been involved in the process, there could have been a different
conclusion," Thelen said.

Marguerite Torre would not comment on Thelen's remarks, said Sister Mairead
Barrett, who heads Torre's religious order of Ursuline nuns.

Thelen said that "the best thing a boss can do when you're no longer in charge
is to leave completely," so he let Torre sympathizers on the Divine Mercy
principal selection committee plead her case.

Enrica Pitz, a Torre fan who headed the committee, said, "We might have had a
different outcome" if Thelen was still Nativity pastor when the decision was
made.

Thelen, who now teaches students preparing to become priests, had nothing but
praise for his former employee.

"Just as the Yankees are diminished without Joe Torre, so Nativity is diminished
without Sister Marguerite," he said.

"She provided a very supportive, positive, caring atmosphere for the children of
the school," he added. "She loves the children."

Thelen also said he'd like to talk to Torre over dinner at their favorite
restaurant, Abbracciamento in Rego Park, where they regularly ate during their
time at Nativity.

"I would simply continue to thank sister for her years of service," he said,
"and her legendary contributions to a place both of us loved."

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sister Marguerite Torre did not get the new job as principal. Photo by
Alfred Giancarli

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 Daily News, L.P.


                              776 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                              June 19, 2015 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Stop vile attacks, Jowell tells Labour

BYLINE: Mary Riddell; Ben Riley-Smith

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 568 words


DAME Tessa Jowell has denounced the "vile and horrible personal attacks"
dis-figuring the Labour leadership contest and urged any candidates involved to
"call the dogs off".

In an interview with The Daily Telegraph, Dame Tessa warns that negative
briefings will backfire against anyone who permits them.

Responding to reports that ill-wishers had labelled Liz Kendall as an example of
"Taliban New Labour", she says: "You don't win like this."

While Dame Tessa, who is standing to be London's next mayor, says that all the
candidates are "utterly decent", she adds: "They are diminished by people who
act this way in their name." Dame Tessa also cautioned Ed Miliband's former
shadow cabinet colleagues against disparaging him, saying: "I have so hated this
parade of people slagging off Ed Miliband. These are people who supported him
and believed what he offered the country. You have to accept collective
responsibility."

Dampening the hopes of those who hope that David Miliband will return to
front-line politics, she says: "He's doing a bigger job [working for the
International Rescue Committee in New York] than most MPs, so why would he want
to leave? He's a commanding figure, and in a way I think he would be diminished
by coming back to Parliament."

Her comments come in the week that the Labour leadership candidates were
formally announced. Yvette Cooper has been characterised as the centrist
candidate in the race, with Ms Kendall to her Right and Andy Burnham to the
Left, while late-entry Jeremy Corbyn is seen as an outlier on the party's more
traditional socialist wing.

Ms Cooper yesterday called time on the traditional political wife as she
described the role as "uncomfortable" and "outdated". She disclosed that she had
agreed not to join her husband, Ed Balls, on stage when the 2010 contest results
were announced and had expected him to remain in his seat.

The shadow home secretary said Britain was "long beyond the era" of political
wives posing alongside their husbands.

Justine Miliband and Samantha Cameron played leading roles campaigning alongside
their husbands in the runup to last month's election. Ms Cooper said that Mr
Balls, the former shadow chancellor, would not join her on stage if she won the
leadership battle.

"I had already when Ed [Balls] stood last time in the 2010 leadership election
ruled out ever joining him on stage as a political wife because I think we
should be long beyond the era of expecting any politician to have the political
wives standing next to them," she said.

"Certainly the Labour Party conference has always been uncomfortable at the way
in which the spouses were expected to play that role. I think that role in terms
of the party conference is an outdated one." The political couple have always
protected their right to a private family life, rarely posing for photographs
with their children or talking about them.

Despite initial reluctance, Mr Miliband appeared for photo shoots and political
events alongside his wife and children during his five years as leader.

Ms Cooper has set out her pitch for the leadership, playing up her experience of
running major government departments and ability to take the fight to the Prime
Minister. She jumped ahead of Ms Kendall in the odds to win the leadership race,
one behind Mr Burnham - who also topped a poll among voters as the most favoured
candidate.

Editorial Comment: Page 23

Interview: Page 25

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2015 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           November 18, 2010 Thursday

BYLINE: REBECCA BEITSCH Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: DAKOTA WIRE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 495 words


Senate Democrats will be under new command with the election of Sen. Ryan Taylor
as the Senate minority leader.

Taylor, a rancher from Towner, was set to oppose eight-year Senate Minority
Leader David O'Connell of Lansford, but O'Connell dropped out of the race citing
family health issues and saying it was probably time for a change.

Taylor has made it clear he will have a different leadership style than
O'Connell, who is good friends with Republican Senate Majority Leader Bob
Stenehjem of Bismarck.

Taylor, 40, told the Senate Democratic Caucus he plans on having a respectful
relationship with Stenehjem.

"This is not a tea party. This is the North Dakota Legislature. We may differ,
but we will differ with respect," Taylor said.

But that respect may not lead to the friendship enjoyed by O'Connell and
Stenehjem.

"That will only maybe go so far in a caucus with somewhat diminished numbers,"
Taylor said, referring to the nine-seat loss Senate Democrats experienced this
election. Democrats now have 12 seats to the 37 held by Republicans.

"Really the business is done in the chamber, should be done in the chamber. I'm
really not much of a back room guy, and I think the people deserve front room
debate," Taylor said.

Taylor said there would be a shift from working to communicate with Republicans
to instead putting that focus on communicating with constituents and,
ultimately, voters.

Taylor said a caucus of their size has to communicate with constituents in a
"heightened manner" because that will help recruit new leaders to the party.

While Taylor focuses on rebuilding the party, others are turning to him as a
potential candidate for governor in 2012.

Fresh off his own election in District 7, Taylor said he's flattered by the
comments of his colleagues, but he said the conversation is preliminary.

"It's a long way from something I'd be able to make a decision on," Taylor said
referencing his young family.

"I'm certainly not an independently wealthy guy that can pick up and leave and
come down here and do that," Taylor said. "I'm not saying no, I guess," he said
later.

The caucus also elected Sen. Mac Schneider of Grand Forks as the assistant
minority leader. Schneider ran unopposed to replace Carolyn Nelson of Fargo who
is leaving the position to focus on other commitments.

Schneider shares Taylor's commitment to positioning the caucus more favorably
given the numbers.

"What we can't allow to happen is for our diminished caucus to diminish our
voice," Schneider told the caucus. "We also need to be realistic. There are
times when we don't win every vote, but losing a vote doesn't mean losing the
day."

During the short meeting there was little talk of specific legislation going
into next session, but Taylor talked about the importance of tax breaks for
people over corporations.

The caucus re-elected John Warner of Ryder as caucus chair. He ran unopposed.

(Reach reporter Rebecca Beitsch at 250-8255 or 223-8482 or
rebecca.beitsch@bismarcktribune.com)

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2010 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 Ottawa Citizen

                     April 29, 2004 Thursday Final Edition

Chemicals in diet 'feminize' male turtles

SOURCE: The Windsor Star

BYLINE: Doug Williamson

SECTION: News; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 191 words

DATELINE: WINDSOR

WINDSOR - Male snapping turtles are becoming "feminized" due to industrial
pollutants in the food chain, a new federal study shows.

The turtles' diet of fish and frogs is contaminated by pollutants like PCBs and
dioxins, scientists believe. The chemicals, in effect, mimic sex hormones and
disrupt the turtles' endocrine systems.

Scientists Rob Letcher and Ken Drouillard of the Great Lakes Institute are
participating in the Environment Canada study of snapping turtles in the St.
Clair River, Detroit River and Wheatley Harbour -- three areas known for
chemical contamination.

For eight months, Mr. Letcher and Mr. Drouillard have been analysing tissue and
blood samples from snapping turtles and sending the data to other scientists.
The final report is due to be completed next month and presented to a conference
in Portland, Oregon, in November.

Some male turtles are showing abnormalities such as diminished penis size and
ability to produce egg yolk protein, normally a female turtle trait, the
researchers said. Turtles from a control group in Algonquin Park, where there is
no such contamination, do not show these changes.

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Thomas Kelsey, the Associated Press; An Environment Canada study
shows that male snapping turtles in the Great Lakes are ingesting pollutants
that can mimic sex hormones. The turtles are showing abnormalities such as
diminished penis size and an ability to produce egg yolk protein, normally a
female trait.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 30, 1991, Tuesday, Final Edition

Nationalizing Their Pitch

Meg Greenfield, Newsweek, Inc.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A15

LENGTH: 1065 words


You sense a tiny whiff of hope these days that there could be something
approximating a presidential election in 1992 after all. A couple of reasonable
Democratic candidates are making start-up noises; a chorus of public-spirited
rich people, foundation-niks and politicians of both parties lament the absence
of a credible domestic policy in George Bush's Washington; the postwar euphoria
has diminished. The problem is the Democratic contenders cannot get anywhere
just by coming up with a list of carefully constructed domestic remedies. They
have to find a way to "nationalize" their pitch, to make a reformist domestic
agenda desirable to a broad cross section of Americans at a time when the
country has only a most tenuous sense of national community.

This thin-to-nonexistent sense of community in American national life is at the
heart of our domestic impasse. I don't mean that we are going to have to attain
some state of perfect social and regional harmony before we can get anything
done. But the fact is that there is not a single one of these domestic reforms
that will not entail some cost or sacrifice or disadvantage or at least
diminished privilege on the part of some in the society for the sake of making
things more equitable for others. These things will have to be accepted, not
enforced. And you don't get that in an environment so atomized into its racial,
regional, ethnic, occupational and class components as ours.

The traveler through America may be struck by a contrary, growing uniformity in
certain items that range from eyesore motel architecture to nationally
dispensed, glue-based apple pie. But for all this common culture, psychic
distances between Americans have widened. Regional and municipal interests seem
ever more assertive and compelling, and people don't see why they should be
bailing out troubled communities half a country or so away. In this respect they
increasingly reject the idea of a federal responsibility for the well-being of
others all around the country.

Importantly, this idea of federal responsibility, urged upon the public from the
New Deal through the Great Society, implied a nationwide, shared citizen
responsibility too; people in San Diego and Wilmington and Sioux Falls were
expected to care about and do their part for people in Tallahassee and New York.
There was always grumbling, but the broad assumption was pretty much accepted.
Now the prevailing spirit is more nearly every lobby and every caucus and every
congressional district for itself.

The national Democratic Party, which had a prominent role in creating the idea
of a federal responsibility, has also had a prominent role in later years in
undermining it. To the extent that the Democrats have tolerated fragmentation of
their constituency into ever smaller and more insistent self-promoting interest
groups, they have helped to undo their own handiwork. The Republicans as a group
never quite accepted the idea to begin with, so their falling away, especially
in the aggressively deconstructionist Reagan years, has been as uninteresting as
it was predictable. What is interesting is the fact that now, given the need to
do something about defective public performance in everything from schooling to
corrections to bridge repair, more and more politicians are beginning to talk
about the urgency of some kind of national domestic overhaul.

How can this be made persuasive in an environment such as ours? What should the
rationale be? Three answers, all of which strike me as being both dangerous and
deficient, have been provisionally tried out.

One is the return-to-our-roots illusion of the Democrats, those who hold that a
good dose of anachronistic and irrelevant programs exhumed from the Democratic
presidential past should be revived and aggressively promoted. But this is not
just sentimental; it is also in its own special way reactionary -- warm-bath,
the-way-it-was stuff that risks failure in very much changed political,
economic, social and demographic circumstances. The '90s are not the '60s or
'70s, let alone the '30s, and programs must be different. Most of the
prospective Democratic candidates know this. But to the extent that they justify
their reforms on the second two rationales, they too are on treacherous ground.

As the first rationale is nostalgia, so the second is fright and the third
penance. The fright argument relies on supplanting the Soviets with the
Japanese. The argument for teaching our kids to read and ensuring that people
don't sicken and die for want of medical care is that if we don't do these
things we are going to lose it and become number 2 or perhaps number 200. It's a
point to be made, but by itself and too much stressed it justifies the worst
kind of trade policies, stirs up all manner of ugly, xenophobic feelings and
leaves out of consideration too many important social needs that can't be
addressed as part of the problem of beating the Japanese.

The politics of penance may be most fruitless of all. You can only harangue
people and tell them what bad guys and oppressors they are and that they have a
debt and better make good on it for so long before they tell you to get lost.
Especially as those groups that have been victimized because of race or gender
or other characteristics have come to champion their own causes militantly, it
has become harder to persuade those they are challenging or sometimes denouncing
that they need to fulfill a duty of penance for the past. Only some genuine
feeling of connection and mutual interest and shared purpose can any longer
cause them to respond or even to believe they have obligations of this kind. It
is no accident that so many people who resist such social remedies on a national
level are at the same time willing and eager to help when it comes to their
neighbors, neighbors being loosely defined as those in the same city or even
state.

At the end of the gulf war there was a lot of enthusiastic comment on the
revival of national will and on how much people seemed to relish sharing a
national purpose and sense of interconnectedness again. It shouldn't take a war
to do it. The Democrats challenging Bush will either figure out how to revive
this spirit in peacetime or see their reforms turned into just one more
contribution to the great policy-paper landfill.

Reprinted by permission; all rights reserved.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

TYPE: OPINION EDITORIAL

                       Copyright 1991 The Washington Post


                              780 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 16, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Barbaro's battle tugs at heart

BYLINE: Terry Frei Denver Post Staff Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 751 words


On Saturday, one of the first things I did was to check if there was any word
about Barbaro's condition.

And I'm not embarrassed to admit it.

At that point, the news from Pennsylvania was the Kentucky Derby winner still
was fighting for his life.

Two months ago, I watched the Preakness telecast in the press room of Raleigh's
RBC Center after a hockey playoff game. Many others stepped away from their
computers to see if Barbaro could win the second leg of the Triple Crown.

This seems to have been forgotten, but first, Barbaro prematurely broke through
the gate. As jockey Edgar Prado circled him back behind the starting line, we
debated whether that expenditure of energy diminished the big colt's chances of
winning.

A few minutes later, sadly, that issue was irrelevant.

The postrace shots of Barbaro, in pain with a horrific leg injury, were
wrenching.

If it had to be expressed with words, I'd say the widespread interest in
Barbaro's fate ever since would be hard to explain. Yet the explanation instead
involves feelings in the pit of the stomach and the throat and, yes, even in the
eyes. I don't want to turn this into a joke, but isn't the scene most of us
remember from "Stripes" the semi-serious one when Bill Murray asks his new Army
buddies which of them cried at the end of "Old Yeller," and they slowly and
self-consciously get around to raising their hands?

My hand went up, too.

All those who were shaken after having to make a tough decision about a pet,
raise your hands. Come on. Nobody's looking. There. That's more like it.

But this is about horses, so how many remember Ruffian in the match race? How
many cheered Seabiscuit while reading Ralph Moody's and Laura Hillenbrand's
books and watching the recent movie? How many remember Trigger and Silver, maybe
even more so than Clayton Moore and Roy Rogers?

The horses draw many of us in, and not just to play the exacta box at the
pari-mutuel window as the guy behind us grouses about he woulda, shoulda and
coulda hit the trifecta in the previous race because he had it on paper before
deciding not to bet it; or because a certain crooked jockey shouldn't be allowed
to ride on a merry-

go-round. (That guy is at every track in the country.)

One of my first assignments in this business was to cover Centennial Race Track
in Littleton. Since, I've been to most of the major tracks around the country.
One reason is when I was a beat reporter assigned to the Nuggets, trainer
Chopper Travaglini often would ask on the road, "Got a car?" When I said yes, he
would announce, "We're going to the track." And we went because Chopper was my
buddy, but also because I didn't want him to instruct the skycap to tag my
luggage for Taiwan on the next leg of the trip.

Horse racing since has become more a vehicle for off-track wagering. That has
diminished the importance of the at-the-

track experience, which - handicapping and betting aside - can be entertaining
on its own, from watching horses saddled in the paddock to seeing them cross the
finish line. That can be as fun at Arapahoe Park as at Santa Anita and Churchill
Downs. Last month, my wife and I even rode the train from New York City to
Belmont Park and took in a few races, wishing Barbaro had been able to run in
the third leg of the Triple Crown there in early June.

Granted, horse racing is not all mint juleps, big hats and affluent owners
gathering in Louisville. There are many shadowy corners, involving everything
from the maltreatment of horses to the poverty-

draped subculture of the barns, even at the major tracks.

One of the more haunting stories I ever did was about my visit with a young
jockey who had been paralyzed in a fall from a horse at Portland Meadows, then
returned to live with his family in a tiny apartment in Los Angeles.
Wheelchair-bound, and with only a cursory command of the English language, he
faced daunting challenges - and I'm sheepish about having to say I have no idea
what happened to him in the 15 years since.

That's all brought up to emphasize that I fully understand "tragic" stories
unfold every day at horse tracks, and not just as the result of accidents and
missteps. The sad fact is if Barbaro had been running with $12,500 claimers, he
would have been put down right on the track.

But a lot of us are rooting for him - and in a different way than if we had a
$10 win ticket on him that day in Baltimore.

If he doesn't make it, I'll raise my hand.

With no shame.

Staff writer Terry Frei can be reached at 303-920-1895 or tfrei@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                            February 12, 2016 Friday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

POLITICS;
Some may matter, others may be ignored

BYLINE: NC Buckland Tim; StarNews Staff

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 913 words

ABSTRACT

Do endorsements still matter?

FULL TEXT

WILMINGTON   A politician grips the hand of another, and tells the world that he
or she endorses the person on the other end of that handshake.

Do you care? And how much weight does an endorsement carry in an era dominated
by social media and 24-hour cable news?

It can depend on timing, the group or person giving the endorsement, and to whom
they give it.

For the most part, endorsements matter more during the primary election season,
when more people who pay attention to issues and candidates head to the polls,
said Aaron King, professor of political science at the University of North
Carolina Wilmington. During the general election, most voters have already
picked their candidate, King said.

By the time you get to the general election, so much of the population has
already made up its mind,  he said.  In a primary election, there can be less
difference in the candidates and an endorsement can influence people.

That said, the influence wielded by politicians and other entities offering
candidate endorsements may be diminished in an era where people can get
information from a cacophony of sources in print, on television and online.

I would say that it is less (important) than it used to be,  King said of
endorsements.

Endorsements haven t usually been a predictor of winners, including in this
election cycle. Of 12 candidates remaining in a New York Times tracking of
endorsements received by Republican presidential candidates prior to the Feb. 1
Iowa caucuses, former Florida Gov. Jeb Bush had received the most   even as he
continued to lag in the polls. Bush finished sixth in the Iowa caucuses and
fourth in the New Hampshire primary.

The leader of national polling and the winner of Tuesday s New Hampshire
primary, businessman Donald Trump, was tied for last in prominent endorsements,
according to the Times list.

Who is endorsing

Christopher Clark, a professor of political science at the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill, said good examples of uneven endorsements

SEE POLITICS,  A5

were the recent endorsements of Trump by former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin and
evangelical leader Jerry Falwell Jr.

While the Palin endorsement got the attention of national media, it was an
expected  endorsement, Clark said. In other words, people who would be swayed by
Palin likely already supported Trump, he said.

But Falwell s endorsement of Trump over more religious candidates such as Texas
Sen. Ted Cruz, retired neurosurgeon Ben Carson or former Arkansas Gov. Mike
Huckabee perhaps could inspire Falwell s supporters to consider the
thrice-married casino mogul instead of the more pious candidates, Clark said.

It lends credibility if the person giving the endorsement has a standing in that
community,  he said.

And people who haven t settled on a candidate may still look to a trusted local
leader to help guide their choice.

I think endorsements do matter for people who are unsure about a candidate,
Clark said.

Diminished value

But endorsements from politicians may not be the only ones losing their sphere
of influence, experts said. Others, including labor unions and newspapers, have
lost at least some of their swaying power, King said.

When people only got their political information from their labor union at work,
the endorsement mattered much more,  King said.  Back when newspapers were the
only game in town, (an endorsement) made a much bigger impact.

A notable example was New Hampshire, where New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie
received the endorsement of the New Hampshire Union Leader, the state s largest
paper, but still finished in a disappointing sixth place in the primary.

Bill Whalen, president of the Southeastern North Carolina Central Labor Council,
an affiliate of the AFL-CIO, said a union s endorsement   in the wake of
dwindling memberships over the past few decades   may not have the same scope of
influence it used to.

Unions have taken a beating,  he said.  We just don t have the reach that we
used to.

Whalen said unions, however, still represent a politically active bloc of voters
and that they seek out candidates who would advocate for issues important to
working families, such as living wage issues and trade deals beneficial to
American workers.

Our union members are more willing to vote and volunteer on campaigns than the
general public,  he said.

No endorsement

There are also cases where politicians, particularly those in early primary
states, decide to remain neutral   at least publicly. Notable examples in this
primary cycle include Republican South Carolina Gov. Nikki Haley and Republican
U.S. Sen. Kelly Ayotte of New Hampshire.

Both endorsed Mitt Romney in 2012. Ayotte declined to endorse a candidate ahead
of Tuesday s New Hampshire primary and Haley has yet to throw her support behind
a candidate as South Carolina s Feb. 20 GOP primary looms.

It makes sense for them to stay out of the fray, King said. A politician doesn t
want to back the wrong horse to end up with a president who didn t receive their
endorsement.

There are many political reasons not to endorse someone,  King said.

Locally, U.S. Rep. David Rouzer also took the neutral route, said his
spokeswoman, Danielle Adams.

As a general rule he has a policy of staying out of presidential primaries. It
would have to be a very compelling case for him to make an endorsement,  she
said in an email.

Contact Tim Buckland at 910-343-2217 or Tim.Buckland@StarNewsOnline.com

From Page A1



Trump



Bush



Haley

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Open sugar, flour over a trash can;
Household Hints

BYLINE: Heloise

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 461 words


Dear Readers: Here is this week's sound off, regarding packaging for flour and
sugar: "The packaging of flour and sugar products selected by manufacturers and
distributors is inappropriate. There is not one kitchen without flour or sugar
on the counters or floors after opening a new package and attempting to put it
into another container. Why don't manufacturers use zippered-style locking bags
to deliver the product to the customer? It could be vacuum-sealed, if necessary,
and provide the consumer with the ability to transfer the flour or sugar without
spillage." - Ed H., Fair Oaks Ranch, Texas

Dear Reader: It must be synchronicity! I just had to deal with transferring
sugar to the big jar I use to store it. I averted a mess by doing the transfer
over the kitchen garbage can.

The manufacturers are the ones responsible for the packaging. I don't think
distributors have any say in this matter. It all comes down to money. The paper
bags look just like the ones from wayyyyyy back. It probably would cost a bit to
change the packaging, because they would have to change (update) and retool the
machinery. The cost would be passed along to the consumer. It may be only a
penny or so to us, but probably runs in the hundreds of thousands of dollars for
the company. So, get out the scissors, pour over the sink or trash can and be
done with it. - Heloise

Fast facts

Dear Readers: Uses for embroidery hoops:

? Use as a frame for needlework and hang on a wall.

? Play "ring toss" with several of them.

? Make a small pincushion.

? Put over a hanger, and use for scarves.

? Put fabric in one and use to store stud earrings.

- Heloise

Headlight safety hint

Dear Heloise: I read your column every day in the San Antonio Express-News. This
is a safety hint. Here in San Antonio in the winter, by 5:30 p.m., the sun is
down and, especially if it is overcast, the visibility is greatly diminished.

Some drivers say: "Oh, I can see. I don't need my headlights." It is almost as
important to be seen as it is to see. A dark car on a dark street with
diminished visibility can be practically invisible, and becomes a hazard to
other cars. - Roy O. in San Antonio

Roy, it doesn't matter where you live - when driving and it gets difficult to
see (for any reason), turn on your headlights. Drive safely! - Heloise

Scratched mirror

Dear Heloise: I have a decorative mirror that is getting small scratches in it.
Is there any way to get rid of them? - Carol. S., via email

Dear Reader: Scratches are tough to remove, because it's a scratch into the
mirror, not really a "scratch" on the surface that you can wipe off.
Glass-supply stores sell a powdered compound just for this. Follow directions on
the packaging, and good luck! If they are deep, you may not be able to remove
them. - Heloise

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              783 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   February 27, 1999, Saturday, Final Edition

Trial in Israel Has Advantages for Sheinbein Defense

Katherine Shaver, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 996 words


The Israeli Supreme Court's ruling that teenage murder suspect Samuel Sheinbein
cannot be extradited to Maryland for trial was a major boon to his defense and
significantly improves his chance of minimizing his prison time if convicted,
legal experts say.

Even if found guilty in Israel, the maximum 20-year sentence that the teenager
would face makes him eligible for early release after 14 years, Israeli
specialists said. In Maryland, he would have faced the possibility of life
without parole.

Israeli law also will allow Sheinbein, 18, to pursue a defense of "diminished
[mental] capacity," which Maryland law doesn't allow. His attorneys could use
that argument to push for a more lenient sentence by trying to show that the
teenager's reasoning was affected in some way when he allegedly killed Alfredo
Enrique Tello Jr., 19, torched his body and sawed it into pieces in Montgomery
County in September 1997.

"Diminished capacity" would be much easier to prove than an insanity defense,
the legal experts said, and Sheinbein's attorneys have told appeals judges that
he would admit to killing Tello but that he would raise questions regarding his
mental health if tried in Israel.

Trying Sheinbein in Israel also could favor the defense because prosecution
witnesses could not be forced to travel to Tel Aviv to testify. Furthermore, a
defendant's chances typically are considered stronger when the people who pass
judgment on him do not live where the crime, especially a heinous one, was
committed, the legal specialists said.

Samuel Sheinbein's father, Sol Sheinbein, who is accused of helping his son flee
to Israel after Tello's murder, also benefits from the high court's ruling. The
patent lawyer, who moved to Tel Aviv shortly after his son fled there, now can
stay in Israel with his son instead of having to choose between being with him
at a trial and being arrested himself. Sol Sheinbein has been indicted in
Maryland for obstructing an investigation but is not subject to extradition
because it is a misdemeanor.

"I think Israel was the best choice [Samuel Sheinbein and his family] could have
made if their motive was to soften any punishment," said Mortimer Sellers,
director of the Center for International and Comparative Law at the University
of Baltimore School of Law.

"Presumably he wouldn't have gone there or they [his family] would have urged
him to come back if their motive wasn't to avoid justice in the United States,"
Sellers said.

Asked whether Sheinbein is better off standing trial in Israel, Montgomery
County State's Attorney Douglas Gansler (D) said: "He's out [of prison] in his
mid-thirties there, and he possibly wouldn't have seen the light of day again
here. That's the bottom line."

Israel's Supreme Court ruled Thursday that Sheinbein is an Israeli citizen and
could not be extradited to the United States even though the youth had never
lived in Israel. Samuel Sheinbein claimed citizenship through his father, who
lived in Wheaton but had an Israeli passport. He was born in British-ruled
Palestine before Israel became a country.

The Israeli ruling disappointed federal and Montgomery authorities and prompted
outrage from Tello's family and other supporters of the victim. Last night,
about 70 people, including Tello's mother and some Latino activists met at El
Tazumal Restaurant in Silver Spring to protest and discuss the Sheinbein ruling.
Another protest is planned for 5 p.m. today at the courthouse in Rockville.

Several lawyers said Sheinbein's family may have wanted him tried in Israel
because they feared he would be hurt in a U.S. prison by a Latino gang seeking
to avenge Tello's murder. A Sheinbein family attorney said there wasn't enough
time for the family to consider that when Sheinbein fled to Israel.

Under the Israeli decision, Samuel Sheinbein will be tried for Tello's murder
before an Israeli court of three judges. Israel's Justice Ministry said that by
law, Sheinbein had to be indicted within five days of the ruling, or by Tuesday.

Michael V. Statham, who was attorney for Sheinbein co-defendant Aaron B. Needle
before Needle hanged himself in his jail cell, said he believes Sheinbein's
family had banked all along on the Israeli Supreme Court upholding Sheinbein's
citizenship.

"I don't think there was any other motivation than helping him avoid facing
these charges in this country," Statham said.

Paul Stein, an attorney for the Sheinbein family, said it is unfair and
inaccurate to view the teenager's 17-month extradition fight as an attempt to
elude American justice. Sol Sheinbein was thinking about his son's safety, not
his legal strategy, when he bought Samuel Sheinbein a round-trip plane ticket to
Israel.

Sol Sheinbein feared his son and Needle would commit suicide together in New
York City, where they drove shortly after police say Tello was killed, Stein
said. Sol Sheinbein wanted to get his son away from Needle and to the safety of
relatives in Israel, Stein said.

After learning that Montgomery police had a warrant for Samuel's arrest, Sol
Sheinbein sent his other son, Robert, to Israel to bring Samuel back, but Samuel
decided to stay there. Then Sol Sheinbein made a fatherly decision to protect
his son, Stein said.

"Certainly in hindsight someone could say . . . he'll only get a maximum of 20
years there and he could get life here," Stein said. "That's factual, but to say
that's the reason for sending him there is a major jump.

"I don't think they ever thought that far ahead," Stein said. "This thing was
breaking so quickly."

At last night's protest, Cecilia Ivette Castellanos, president of the Montgomery
County Hispanic Democratic Club, said she felt the U.S. government would have
imposed sanctions on a Hispanic nation that refused to extradite a murder
suspect.

Staff writer Allan Lengel contributed to this report. Samuel Sheinbein, 18, will
be tried by a panel of three Israeli judges.


LOAD-DATE: February 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              784 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              DAILY MAIL (London)

                            October 25, 2010 Monday

'DOUBLE FERTILITY RISK' OF WOMEN IN TOP BLOOD GROUP

BYLINE: FROM SOPHIE BORLAND IN DENVER

LENGTH: 586 words


WOMEN with the most common blood type could be twice as likely to suffer
fertility problems, scientists say.

Researchers found that those with blood group O are at much higher risk of
running out of healthy eggs, so could have problems conceiving as they get
older.

The breakthrough could lead to women basing their decision on whether to pursue
a career or start a family on their blood type, experts said.

Almost half the population Z 44 per cent Z have blood type O. Another 42 per
cent have type A and 14 per cent have type AB.

But many women do not know which group they are in and find out only when giving
blood or during tests when pregnant or ill.

American researchers found that those with blood type O were twice as likely to
have low 'ovarian reserve' Z the number of healthy eggs left Z than those with
other types.

The size of a woman's ovarian reserve gradually falls throughout her life. A
newborn girl has up to two million eggs, but

the time she reaches puberty this has fallen to 400,000 and once she is over 40
she will have just a few hundred left.

Researchers from Yale University and the Albert Einstein College of Medicine,
New York, looked at the blood type of 563 women under 45 who were undergoing
fertility treatment.

They compared their levels of Follicle Stimulating Hormone Z a chemical in the
blood which, if high, indicates a woman has a poor ovarian reserve.

FSH levels greater than ten suggest a woman will have more difficulty
conceiving. The study, which will be presented at the American Society for
Reproductive Medicine in Denver, Colorado, found that those with blood type O
were twice as likely to have FSH levels above ten.

Women with FSH levels higher than 20 are deemed infertile. The researchers said
that in future women could make decisions on when to start a family based on
their blood type.

But they acknowledged that many 'type O' women have successfully had children
and that there are dozens of other factors affecting fertility such as age, body
weight and alcohol consumption.

Experts will now carry out research to test whether those with blood type O have
taken longer to conceive or are more likely to need IVF.

Blood type is determined

the make-up of certain proteins on the surface of the blood, known as antigens.
Those with blood type O lack the A antigen.

Dr Edward Nejat, from the Albert Einstein College of Medicine, said: 'We found
that women with blood type A and AB Z women with the A blood group gene Z were
protected from diminished ovarian reserve.

'Patients with blood type O seeking infertility evaluation have a higher
likelihood to be diagnosed with elevated FSH and hence manifest diminished
ovarian reserve.

'Women with blood type O are lacking the A or B antigen Z from what we
understand.'

People with blood type A or AB are more likely to suffer heart disease and
strokes ,while those with type O are more at risk from arthritis and certain
stomach infections such as E-coli.

There is even a blood group diet Z advocated

celebrities including Cheryl Cole Z based on the theory that different types
find it easier to metabolise certain foods.

Tony Rutherford, chair of the British Fertility Society said: 'This is the first
time that I'm aware of that researchers have shown a link between blood group
and potential for fertility.'

But he said there were hormones that predicted diminished ovarian reserve which
were also important to look at.

He called for a bigger study across the general population.

s.borland@dailymail.co.uk

'First time a link has been shown'

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Papers


                   Copyright 2010 Associated Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           January 28, 2016 Thursday

Time to focus on boat, rod maintenance

BYLINE: Capt. Zach Zacharias

SECTION: C; FL Sports; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 305 words


WINTER WEATHER

It looks as if the sudden spate of winter weather with wet, windy conditions may
persist for several more weeks. This week's fishing reports indicates less than
frenzied bites with a diminished variety of species. In this case, many anglers
may want to drop back and punt by spending time on boat and tackle maintenance
rather than fighting the conditions.

Those of you with the time and a measure of expertise may want to go ahead and
tackle many maintenance issues on your own. If not, there are numerous mobile
boat repair folks in the area who will come right to your dock to identify and
correct most vessel-related issues. Boat owners may find an annual check-up well
worth the expense in the long run.

Most tackle shops on the Suncoast employ rod-and-reel repair techs. This is a
great time of year to take your gear in and have it looked at before the big
spring rush when the weather breaks and tournaments are right around the corner.

One old friend and erstwhile fishing guide, Capt. Thom Smith had Anglers Repair
at the corner of Cortez Road and 82nd Avenue for years. Smith and I enjoyed many
years teamed up for a weekend AM radio fishing show, along with the witty and
charming Capt. Keith Pratt. Smith closed the shop in town and moved out to his
house off Old Tampa Road in Parrish where he built a backyard shop and still
continues to do quality rod and reel work out there.

Smith also picks up and delivers from several tackle shops from Ruskin to
Sarasota. He can be reached at 941-776-2352 for information on the shops he
works with or to provide directions to drop off gear at his place.

There are several other stores offering repair in the area including
Bradenvton's Discount Tackle on 1st Street, Economy Tackle on South Tamiami
Trail in Sarasota and Fisherman's Edge on Placida Road. in Grove City.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: WINTER WEATHER It looks as if the sudden spate of winter weather with
wet, windy conditions may persist for several more weeks. This week's fishing
reports indicates less than frenzied bites with a diminished variety of species.
In this case, many anglers may want to drop back and punt by spending time on
boat and tackle maintenance rather than fighting the conditions. Those of you
with the time and a measure of expertise may want to go ahead and tackle many
maintenance issues on your own. If not, there are numerous mobile boat repair
folks in the area who will come right to your dock to identify and correct most
vessel-related issues. Boat owners may find an annual check-up well worth the
expense in the long run.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             May 19, 2010 Wednesday

Lowell wants role call

BYLINE: Howie Rumberg

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 755 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


NEW YORK - Mike Lowell saw that his name was not in the starting lineup for the
Red Sox last night - and he didn't appear surprised.

Lowell expressed a season's worth of frustration at his diminished role with
Boston before the Sox faced CC Sabathia and the Yankees here last night.

"It's a little unfortunate, but I think somewhat it's painfully evident when you
don't have a role on the team," the right-handed hitter said about not starting
against the lefty Sabathia after sitting against a right-hander on Monday.

In the final season of a three-year, $37.5 million contract, the 2007 World
Series MVP is without a position after Boston acquired Adrian Beltre in January
to play third base. Earlier in the offseason, the Red Sox had worked out a deal
to send Lowell to Texas, but the trade fell through because he needed thumb
surgery.

At 19-20 going into last night, the Red Sox were off to their worst start since
1997. Lowell has played in only 20 games, several of those as a pinch hitter.

"I don't think I've played three consecutive days all year. It's hard to get on
a roll," he said. "I'm not the kind of guy who's going to wow you in BP. I'm not
going to hit the ball 40 rows deep."

The four-time All-Star added: "I've truly agonized over it. It's not good or
bad, it's just reality."

Red Sox manager Terry Francona said Lowell hasn't expressed his frustration to
him.

Lowell sat Monday night when the Yankees started right-hander Phil Hughes, and
he was out last night even though he's hitting .286 (6 for 21) against Sabathia,
while David Ortiz was batting .241 (7 for 29) and Beltre .063 (1 for 16) against
the New York hurler.

Ortiz, however, is in the midst of a resurgence. He has gone deep in three of
the last four games and is hitting .348 (16 for 46) with 14 RBIs this month.

Lowell is batting .263 with a homer and nine RBIs in 57 at-bats.

"You feel like if you would have played really well, maybe something would have
changed, but I'm not really sure," Lowell said. "I actually believe it's right
to keep him (Beltre) in the lineup. That's what you have to do, that's how you
get guys hot."

Beltre is leading the Boston regulars in hitting this year with a .312 average.
Another reason Francona might be reluctant to take Beltre out is because of
defense.

Lowell had surgery to repair a torn labrum in his right hip after the 2008
season and had a big drop-off at third base. Beltre, a two-time Gold Glove
winner, was brought in as part of Boston's effort to decrease the amount of runs
it allows.

With injured outfielders Jacoby Ellsbury and Mike Cameron close to being
activated from the disabled list, Lowell sees his role shrinking even further,
but he hasn't asked for a trade.

"When Jacoby and Cam come back, I just don't really know what my role is," he
said. "With those two in the lineup, I don't know. Who would I hit for? When I
hit, I get pinch-run for. I don't play defense. I mean, I don't know."

Yankees protest game

The Yankees are protesting last night's game because they said there was no
indication of an injury to starter Josh Beckett when he left in the fifth
inning.

Relief pitcher Manny Delcarmen was given all the time he needed to warm up after
Beckett was removed. The Yankees filed their protest with crew chief Larry
Vanover after the fifth. New York was leading, 5-0.

After Robinson Cano's two-run double, Boston pitching coach John Farrell visited
the mound. After consulting with Beckett, he waved to the bullpen. Manager Terry
Francona and a trainer then went to the mound.

Beckett skipped his previous turn in the rotation because of back spasms.

If the Yankees win, the protest is moot. Should the Red Sox rally to win, New
York would have 24 hours to file a formal protest with the commissioner's
office.

Roster moves by Yanks

The Yankees have recalled right-hander Mark Melancon from Triple-A
Scranton/Wilkes-Barre and have optioned outfielder Greg Golson to their top farm
club. They made the moves before last night's game.

Melancon was sent to Scranton on May 4 when New York called up Golson. Golson
had two hits in five at-bats over six games with the Yankees, used mostly as a
late-inning outfield replacement.

Melancon made one relief appearance before he was sent down. He gave up three
runs (two earned) in two innings.

NAME: BOSTON RED SOX

ART: PHOTOS

CUTLINE: (1) New York's Alex Rodriguez runs to second when Boston's Marco
Scutaro can't handle a ball hit by Robinson Cano in the second inning. (2) Red
Sox starter Josh Beckett delivers in the first inning.

PHOTOG: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NEW YORK - Mike Lowell saw that his name was not in the starting lineup
for the Red Sox last night - and he didn't appear surprised. Lowell expressed a
season's worth of frustration at his diminished role with Boston before the Sox
faced CC Sabathia and the Yankees here last night.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Lima News (Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Bringing Dad home

BYLINE: Craig Kelly, The Lima News, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 818 words


June 15--LIMA -- Father. Dad. Daddy. Papa.

Whatever they may be called, this is the day in which they are honored. For
years, fathers have enjoyed breakfast in bed, neckties, cards and other gifts on
this holiday, made official by presidential proclamation in 1972.

However, an increasing number of households find themselves without fathers.
According to the U.S. Census Bureau, 64 percent of children ages 0 to 17 lived
with two married parents, down from 77 percent in 1980. Also in 2012, 24 percent
of U.S. children lived with only their mothers, not having their father in the
home. Looking at Lima, 14 percent of all households featured a female
householder with children under 18 and no husband present in 2010.

According to Dr. Victor Wei, a child psychiatrist at the Family Resource Center
of Northwest Ohio, less emphasis is being placed on the necessity of a father,
specifically, in the home, as children can often look to other sources for
affirmation and guidance.

"I remember reading somewhere that for a child to be successful, all they
require is having one adult that's crazy about them," he said. "Whether that's a
mother, a father, a coach, a grandmother, or whatever, it transcends the
requirement of being a mother or a father. It just has to be someone who really
values that child and the child's potential."

However, according to a 2004 study published in the Journal of Research on
Adolescence, Cynthia C. Harper of the University of California San Fransiscoand
Sara S. McLanahan of Princeton University, not having a father in the home was
connected with higher rates of incarceration.

"Controlling for income and all other factors, youths in father-absent families
still had significantly higher odds of incarceration than those from
mother-father families," the study said.

Maj. Jim Baker of the Lima Police Department has also noted this common thread
in many of the young people the department has arrested over the years.

"If you look at men in prison, a majority of them have fathers who were either
completely or partially absent," he said. "Fathers have the potential to be some
of the most influential people in not only sons', but also daughters' lives.
They have great influence, and for a father not to be a part of that can have a
great impact, and we see a lot of that."

Baker, also a pastor at In Faith Ministries, society has diminished the
necessity of fathers to the point where they now have the stereotype of being
dim-witted or lazy.

"The role of fathers has been diminished and it's almost become a point of
joking," he said. "He's the stupid, incompetent one who the mom or the kids have
to get out of trouble."

Baker wanted to make it clear, however, that emphasizing the need for fathers
should not diminish in any way the vital role mothers play in the development of
a child.

"This is not an issue of worth of value," he said. "It's an issue of different
roles and the importance of them. It's okay to have different roles for mothers
and fathers."

To help make up for this increasing lack of present fathers, some churches and
other social groups have been working to eitehr provide male mentors for
fatherless children or help influence young fathers to make time for their
children. Heartbeat of Lima has been hosting a group session for young fathers
using a program called "The Dad Difference," and according to group leader Bob
Buss, the five men involved are making a concerted effort to take their role as
fathers seriously.

"These guys are wholeheartedly into it," he said. "They're just eager to learn,
and that makes it easy for me."

One of the participants is Paul Beery, a 21-year-old father of triplets. For
him, going into fatherhood for the first time, not to mention with three
children, was a daunting task, and Buss' mentorship, along with the resources
from this program have helped provide a framework for him to become the kind of
father he wants to be for his sons.

"This program has given me the ideals of how to properly raise a child and how
to love, care and take time out of my day to care for them," he said. "I want my
family to be the most important thing I take care of."

Along with being there for his children emotionally, Beery noted that this
program even helps him take care of his children's phyiscal needs.

"One of the classes a couple of weeks ago taught me the basics of changing
diapers and how to wash a child," he said.

When asked what message he would want to share with other young men who are
facing fatherhood, by choice or otherwise, his response even had a parental
tone.

"If you have kids and you don't step up and take care of them, you're not a real
man, simple as that," he said. "If you're going to be a dad, I would recommend
this program 100 percent. You need to be there for your kids."

___ (c)2014 The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) Visit The Lima News (Lima, Ohio) at
www.limaohio.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140615-LM-Bringing-Dad-home-0615-20140615

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LM


                          Copyright 2014 The Lima News


                              788 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                           October 31, 2007 Wednesday

Kitty Hawk secures DIP

BYLINE: by John Blakeley

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY

LENGTH: 364 words



HIGHLIGHT: The bankrupt delivery company wins approval to use a $25 million loan
from its prepetition lender.


Freight transportation provider Kitty Hawk Inc. won final approval on Tuesday,
Oct. 30, to use a $25 million debtor-in-possession loan from prepetition lender
Laurus Master Fund Ltd.

Judge Russell F. Nelms of the U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Northern District of
Dallas in Fort Worth approved the DIP in a Tuesday order after a Monday hearing
on the matter.

Laurus Master Fund, controlled by New York investment firmLaurus Capital
Management LLC, rolled the $15.6 million it is owed on a $25 million prepetition
revolving credit facility into the postpetition loan.

The DIP rolls over the same terms of the prepetition revolver -- pricing at
prime plus 1.5%, with a floor of 9% and a cap of 11%, and a borrowing base of
88% of Kitty Hawk's eligible receivables.

Laurus will receive a $150,000 origination fee, and the DIP also includes a
$100,000 carve-out for professional fees.

Dallas-based Kitty Hawk, which provides overnight and second-morning air and
ground freight services, filed for Chapter 11 protection on Oct. 15 in Fort
Worth, blaming diminished demand for its services and record-high fuel prices.

The bankruptcy is the company's second in seven years, and this time Kitty Hawk
entered Chapter 11 a much smaller company than the one that first filed on May
1, 2000, when it had assets of more than $900 million and debts of about $500
million.

In its most recent bankruptcy petition, Kitty Hawk estimated the consolidated
book value of its assets to be around $40 million, with about $15 million in
secured debt and another $15 million in unsecured debt.

Kitty Hawk, which emerged from its first bankruptcy on Oct. 1, 2002, said that
its business last year began to experience a sharp decrease in demand. The
debtor said it experienced a 25% year-over-year drop in demand for its air
product and a 15% year-over-year drop in demand for its ground product, which
"materially degraded the company's revenues."

Kitty Hawk said the diminished demand for its services coincided with "record
high" jet and diesel fuel prices, which hurt revenue even more.

Jason S. Brookner at Dallas law firmAndrews Kurth LLP is debtor counsel.

Michael D. Warner at Warner Stevens LLP is counsel to Laurus.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2007 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              789 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           February 26, 2011 Saturday

Jones seeking regular role at Yankees

BYLINE: BY BEN SHPIGEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 897 words

DATELINE: TAMPA, Florida

ABSTRACT

At 33, Andruw Jones's closing speed may have diminished, but his instincts
remain, and although he realizes the limitations of his body, he still dreams of
playing regularly.

FULL TEXT

Any proper highlight montage of Andruw Jones's career would begin with video
from the opening game of the 1996 World Series and go on to show a dizzying
assortment of gravity-defying catches and majestic home runs.

Jones, for all of it, would be wearing an Atlanta Braves uniform. His last game
with the Braves was in 2007.

For the sake of accuracy, Jones has since played for the Los Angeles Dodgers,
the Texas Rangers and the Chicago White Sox, adjusting every season to the
industry's changing perception of him. A prodigy at 19, a star at 25 and a
backup at 31.

''People still think that I'm 19, that I'm going to do the same things that I
did back then,'' the 33-year-old Jones said. ''People think you're going to be
the same guy for 14 years, and that just doesn't happen.''

Reconciling those perceptions has proven challenging for Jones, who realizes the
limitations of his body but still dreams of playing regularly - of starring in
center field, where he won 10 consecutive Gold Glove awards and played
tauntingly shallow, defying hitters to drive the ball over his head. His closing
speed has diminished, but his instincts remain. If he had had twice as many
at-bats last season, Jones said, he would have hit 40 home runs.

The Yankees are at peace with who Jones is now and what they hope he will be: a
useful right-handed-hitting counterbalance and a defensive upgrade in the corner
outfield spots over their designated left-handed masher last year, Marcus
Thames. But he will not be in center, Manager Joe Girardi said.

''If he does what he did last year, we'll be excited,'' General Manager Brian
Cashman said of Jones, who hit .230 with 19 home runs and 48 runs batted in for
the White Sox.

The first 11 seasons of Jones's career followed a Hall of Famer's arc. Only five
players - Alex Rodriguez, Ken Griffey Jr., Jimmie Foxx, Mickey Mantle and Eddie
Mathews - hit more homers by their 30th birthday than did Jones (345), according
to the Elias Sports Bureau.

Jones turned 30 in 2007, and his production declined as quickly as his profile
ascended that October night at Yankee Stadium in 1996, when he homered in his
first two at-bats. In his final season in Atlanta, Jones's average plunged 40
points, to .222, and he hit 26 homers, two years after clubbing 51. In the
post-steroids era, any spike or plunge is considered suspicious, but Jones said
Wednesday that he was clean. ''No way,'' Jones said, shaking his head, when
asked whether he had taken steroids.

Given an opportunity to re-establish his value with the Dodgers in 2008, Jones
flopped. He reported to spring training overweight, endured three stays on the
disabled list with a balky knee and was benched after Manny Ramirez arrived from
Boston in a trade. When Jones did play, fans jeered him. Feeling pressure to
earn the $36.2 million the Dodgers were paying him over two years, Jones hit
.158, the 11th-lowest average since 1900 among players with at least 200
at-bats, according to Stats L.L.C., a sports data company.

''When I went to L.A., I really felt like I lost it,'' Jones said. ''I didn't
feel comfortable at all. It was like I didn't know how to play the game anymore.
I probably needed a psychiatrist to see what was going on in my head. It was
that bad.''

His teammates noticed. Russell Martin, the Yankees' new catcher, was Jones's
teammate in Los Angeles and said Jones's personality played well in the
clubhouse but perhaps not for fans who wanted him to seem more outwardly
disappointed. ''He's not the type to get frustrated or let his emotions get the
best of him, so he was struggling and still happy, enjoying himself and smiling,
and I think that was taken like he didn't care or something,'' Martin said.

Jones asked for his release after one season, then latched on in reserve roles
with Texas and Chicago, where he hit for power but not for average, just how he
likes it. He considers himself a slugger, a run producer, and he correctly
recited that he hit .300 only once, in 2000, and that his average stayed between
.261 and .277 seven times during his final nine years in Atlanta.

Kevin Long, the Yankees' hitting coach, said that Jones reminded him a bit of
Nick Swisher, who raised his average 30 points in his first season with the
Yankees. Long said that Jones, at 6-foot-1 and 230 pounds, or 1.85 meters and
104 kilograms, was going to hit his share of homers just by making contact. But
Long also said that Jones's back leg had a tendency to collapse, causing him to
uppercut his swing. As a result, his bat spends less time in the hitting zone.

''He's very sound otherwise, so we're not talking about going from A to Z with
him,'' Long said. ''It's more like S to Z. We don't have to do the whole
alphabet.''

Girardi disagreed with the appraisal that, for all of his talents, Jones is an
unknown heading into the season. He raved about Jones's baserunning skills and
natural talents, which Martin also mentioned. Martin remembers how Jones made
Yankee Stadium his stage in the 1996 World Series and said he was eager to watch
him do so once more. ''He's still a kid, at least for me,'' Martin said. ''He
still has that same smile, still loves the game. He's not old yet. He's not old
to me.''

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 19, 2011 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Nose May Not Know What It's Missing

BYLINE: By JANE E. BRODY

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Science Desk; PERSONAL HEALTH; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1116 words


Dr. Ronald DeVere, a neurologist in Austin, Tex., was baffled. In 1995, after
recovering from a viral infection, something happened to his sense of smell.
Fresh milk smelled sour, the dirty dog pen smelled good, and other odors
couldn't be detected at all.

After weeks passed without improvement, he consulted experts at the University
of Pennsylvania Smell and Taste Center, one of 11 such clinics now scattered
around the country. Tests there showed that as a result of his illness, he'd
lost 70 percent of his ability to smell.

In the years since, Dr. DeVere has recovered much of his ability to smell and
taste. But the experience inspired him to open his own clinic for smell and
taste disorders and, most recently, to write a book, ''Navigating Smell and
Taste Disorders'' (Demos Health), about this poorly understood and often
unrecognized problem.

In an interview, Dr. DeVere said he hoped the book would help not only patients
with smell and taste disorders but also their physicians, most of whom know
little about these problems, he said, and often tell sufferers that ''nothing
can be done -- you'll have to live with it.''

The book was written with his sister-in-law, Marjorie Calvert, an accomplished
cook who provided a food preparation guide and dozens of recipes -- some
contributed by patients -- that can help restore dining pleasure to those
affected. Taste is mostly a result of odor detection, so the recipes emphasize
spice, texture and temperature, sensations that remain unimpaired even when
smell malfunctions.

You've no doubt experienced a temporary disruption in smell and taste while
suffering from a cold or sinus infection. Try to imagine your life if the
problem lasted indefinitely and you could no longer enjoy the flavor of an
orange or chocolate or taste the difference between chicken and steak.

But smell and taste disorders can affect more than the ability to ''smell the
roses'' in life and toenjoy food. Also affected is the ability to detect and
correct unpleasant smells, like body odor or a dirty diaper in need of changing.
For people like professional cooks and firefighters, the problem can force an
occupational switch.

Most important, smell disorders can be downright dangerous for those who cannot
detect the odor of smoke, burning or spoiled food, natural gas or other noxious
aromas.

An Underrecognized Problem

While reliable statistics are hard to come by, several million Americans are
thought to suffer from the major smell disorders: hyposmia, a reduced ability to
detect certain odors; anosmia, an inability to detect any odors at all; or
dysosmia, in which pleasant odors can smell foul or vice versa.

Most people who think they have a taste disorder, usually because food has lost
its flavor, turn out to have a smell problem, according to Richard M. Costanzo,
a neurophysiologist at Virginia Commonwealth University. The smell disorders
clinic there receives regular inquiries from distressed patients; one of them
said his inability to taste food flavors was ''a very life-altering experience,
and most normal people cannot understand the impact it has on one's life.''

There are many common causes. In addition to viral infections like colds and
flu, they include disorders of the nose (for example, polyps) or sinuses;
injuries to the nose or head; medications like blood pressure drugs,
antibiotics, cholesterol-lowering drugs, antidepressants and cancerchemotherapy;
radiation therapy of the head and neck; exposure to toxins like formaldehyde and
pesticides; smoking and alcohol abuse; diseases of the thyroid, kidneys, liver
or pancreas; and neurological disorders like Parkinson's disease, Lewy body
disease, multiple sclerosis and various kinds of dementia.

Half of all people with diabetes have a diminished sense of smell and taste, and
90 percent of those with Alzheimer's disease have impaired smell capacity, Dr.
DeVere said.

By far the leading cause -- and the one least often recognized -- is advancing
age. Whereas only 1 percent to 2 percent of young people are affected, a quarter
of those over 55 and nearly two-thirds of those over 80 have a diminished sense
of smell.

But unlike vision or hearing loss, which is often apparent to others, if not to
the afflicted person, a loss of smell sensitivity with age is often undetected
because it occurs gradually. The result can be a diminished interest in food and
gradual weight loss, or a tendency to over-season foods with salt or sugar,
which may impair control of high blood pressure or diabetes, common problems in
the elderly.

Limited Treatments

Depending on the cause of a smell disorder, therapeutic possibilities include
treatment with nasal decongestants, antihistamines, or antibiotics; surgery to
remove nasal polyps; use of a nasal saline solution; correction of hormonal or
nutrient deficiencies; and stopping smoking.

Dr. DeVere said that over time smell disorders may gradually diminish in
intensity, as his did. Nonetheless, Dr. Costanzo said: ''We have to be fair to
patients. There's no magic bullet. Some smell problems are treatable, most are
not.''

Especially challenging are those that result from head injuries, whether minor
or severe, that disrupt the function of the body's smell receptors -- olfactory
nerve cells that lie outside the brain. These cells pick up odor molecules high
in the nose and transmit scent messages to the brain's olfactory bulb, he
explained.

A head blow can injure or tear olfactory nerves. Damaged olfactory nerve cells
can regenerate, but don't always reconnect properly in the brain. Dr. Costanzo
and colleagues are working on grafts and transplants that may one day overcome
current treatment limitations.

Staying Safe

While everyone should have working smoke detectors in their homes, a person with
a smell disorder should also have a detector for natural gas or propane, lest a
leak go undetected and result in an explosion.

Perishable foods should be dated and kept refrigerated, and discarded when they
expire. It may be wise for a person with normal olfactory function to check
these foods before someone with an impaired sense of smell eats them.

Make sure all cleaning and garden products are properly labeled and stored
separately from foods.

When cooking or baking, check periodically to make sure nothing is burning, and
set a timer to ring when the food will be done.

Since you can't rely on a ''sniff test,'' be sure to bathe and launder clothes
regularly. Use underarm deodorant, and go easy with cologne. Regularly check
diapers for visual signs that a change is needed.

For more information, consult the Web site of the National Institute on Deafness
and Other Communication Disorders at www.nidcd.nih.gov/health/smelltaste.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY YVETTA FEDOROVA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              791 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Daily Telegraph (London)

                           February 21, 2013 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Hospital beds blocked by mentally ill migrant criminals

BYLINE: Wesley Johnson

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 583 words


CRIMINAL illegal immigrants, including killers, could block mental hospital beds
because laws prevent them being released into the community or deported, the
Appeal Court has heard.

Dr Mark Swinton, a leading forensic psychiatrist, said illegal immigrants such
as Imtiaz Ahmed, a patient with schizophrenia who strangled his landlady six
years ago, could block beds indefinitely.

It has "proved very difficult" to discharge mentally ill patients who were not
entitled to be in the UK, he warned, because they were not legally entitled to
any post-release support in the community.

Dr Swinton urged the Appeal Court judges to make an order which would see Ahmed
returned to prison - from where he could be deported - once his mental illness
has been effectively treated.

The three judges ruled that they could not allow flaws in the system to
influence their decision and ordered his release to be decided by medical
professionals.

Lord Justice Elias said he accepted Dr Swinton's comments regarding the
diffi-culties around Ahmed's discharge, which could see him remain in a hospital
bed and may be "damaging to the appellant and to the wider public".

He added: "If Dr Swinton is right, it is a most unhappy state of affairs and the
authorities must look at it speedily. But we cannot allow it to play a part in
deciding the proper disposal in this case."

The court heard that Ahmed, now 25, was lodging with a Ms Hullah and her partner
at their home in Manchester when he killed her in front of her 15-month-old son
in 2006.

He had been allowed to stay at his victim's house as an act of kindness because
her partner, Muhammed Farhan Akhter, was asked to look after him by relations.

Ahmed was so ill he was found unfit to enter a plea and it was not until 2011
that he admitted manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

He was given a sentence of imprisonment for public protection and ordered to
serve at least five years and three months, although that minimum term was later
cut to three years and three months on appeal.

The court heard that medical experts believed he was suffering from paranoid
schizophrenia at the time of the killing and therefore his responsibility was
significantly diminished.

By the time he was finally jailed, he had already served 15 months in custody on
remand and three-and-a-half years in a secure hospital.

The Appeal Court overturned Ahmed's indefinite jail term and replaced it with a
hospital order so that his release date will be fixed by clinicians.

Sitting with Mr Justice Field and Judge Paul Batty QC, Lord Justice Elias went
on: "In light of the circumstances, we do not feel it appropriate to impose a
prison sentence as a form of punishment.

"Even less would it be appropriate to impose imprisonment for public protection,
when there is no justification for detaining him once the medical authorities
determine he can be released.

"This is a decision which should be left to the medical authorities, rather than
the Parole Board."

A Ministry of Justice spokesman said: "We work closely with health professionals
and the UK Border Agency to secure the removal of dangerous foreign national
offenders who have mental disorders.

"Where removal is not currently an option, we hold them securely to ensure the
public are protected. When they no longer need treatment, they are referred to
UKBA for removal."

"In light of the circumstances, we do not feel it appropriate to impose a prison
sentence as a form of punishment. '

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DTL


                  Copyright 2013 Telegraph Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 23, 2013 Thursday

Study: Real estate flipping a profitable venture in Sonoma County

BYLINE: Robert Digitale, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1074 words


May 23--As home prices rebounded in Sonoma County last year, real estate
investors jumped into the market and flipped hundreds of properties for hefty
gains, according to a new study.

One in 10 homes sold in the county last year was purchased and resold within six
months, a common definition of flipping, according to the study by RealtyTrac, a
real estate information firm.

Last year, 527 single-family homes were sold twice within six months, increasing
47 percent from 2011, RealtyTrac reported.

Investors poured into the local housing market for good reason: Sonoma County
was one of the most profitable places in the country last year to buy a home,
fix it up and sell it, according to RealtyTrac.

The study, which measured the average spread between the purchase price and the
sales price of flipped homes, ranked Sonoma County 17th among more than 600
metropolitan areas. The top 25 communities included San Diego, San Jose,
Sacramento and San Francisco, as well as Las Vegas, Phoenix and Miami.

"I think the number one reason they're on the list is because of rising home
prices," said Daren Blomquist, a vice president at RealtyTrac.

The company estimated that Sonoma County's median home value increased 16
percent for the 12 months ending Feb. 1. Among the top 25 communities, the
annual increase ranged from 9 percent in Nashville, Tenn., to 33 percent in
Phoenix.

Flippers paid, on average, $285,344 for a house in Sonoma County and resold it
for $338,903, producing what RealtyTrac called a "gross profit" of 19 percent.

Local home flippers were quick to point out that actual profit margins are much
smaller, after including the cost of renovating and reselling a property. In
Sonoma County, the older housing stock requires greater investments than in many
communities that also had large numbers of foreclosures, they said.

If the county was ranked on net profit, "it would be way down there because the
houses in Sonoma County take a lot more to fix up," said Chris Peterson, a
managing director of Praxis Capital in Santa Rosa, which buys properties for
both rentals and for flipping. "The net margins are very small in Sonoma
County."

What both flippers and RealtyTrac agree on is that 2012 may have been more
profitable than normal for flippers, as home values took what Blomquist called
"a bounce off the bottom." As such, they said, this year's profits may be more
subdued, partly because any increase in home values is likely to be more modest.

Flipping refers to the often-risky business of buying a home, fixing it up and
quickly reselling it. The practice gained widespread attention a decade ago as
housing prices soared.

Its popularity diminished briefly when prices tumbled, but flipping came back
strong about five years ago as foreclosures skyrocketed. As new housing projects
diminished, local contractors and construction workers jumped into the business,
too.

Most of the communities at the top of the RealtyTrac list experienced enormous
drops in home values and huge numbers of foreclosures.

In Sonoma County, the median price during the housing bust plunged 51 percent,
from a peak of $619,000 in August 2005 to a low of $305,000 in February 2009.
April ended with a median sales price of $435,500.

More than 10,000 county homeowners lost houses and condominiums to foreclosure
in the past six years, and an additional 4,000 relinquished properties through
short sales.

That has created opportunities for investors to buy homes and rent them out or,
as prices rise, sell them for a profit.

The size of the profit can vary, depending partly on how much work is needed to
renovate a home, local flippers said.

"The only time the sales price minus the purchase price equals profit is on
those reality TV shows," said Brian Burke, another managing director at Praxis
Capital.

Burke and Peterson noted a home they are renovating on Mark West Springs Road.
Workers there have installed a new septic system and new beams to reinforce the
ceiling. The construction costs likely will exceed $80,000.

"If we can make 10 percent net profit on a home, we're doing really well," Burke
said. "And these days that's getting harder to do."

Blomquist said the flippers make a valid point because there was no way in the
study to factor in the condition of the properties. Even so, he defended the use
of measuring the difference between the original purchase price and the flipped
price.

"This is a starting point to give you an idea of markets that might be favorable
for flipping," he said.

In the RealtyTrac study, Orlando, Fla., ranked first with an increase of 63
percent in the flipped price over the original price.

Local real estate investors also said it would be hard to make a profit by
selling a home for only $54,000 more than they paid for it, the average gain
last year for homes flipped in Sonoma County, according to the RealtyTrac study.

"There's no way you can make money on a $54,000 spread," said Lynn Tardibuono,
an owner of Sun Pacific Mortgage & Real Estate in Santa Rosa.

J Barreto, an agent with RE/MAX Central in Santa Rosa, said the difference in
the two prices often needs to be between $70,000 to $120,000 to pay for the
costs of renovating and reselling the property. To justify the risks, a typical
investor wants to walk away with a return of $25,000 to $35,000 per home after
accounting for renovation and resale costs.

Last year's big jump in prices "made me look good" by increasing profits,
Barreto said. "For that reason there's more people involved" now trying to flip
homes, even as properties become harder to find.

Rick Revetria, a vice president of Vacaville-based Blue Mountain Homes, another
company that flips home in Sonoma County, said renovation costs generally run 7
to 10 percent of a home's retail value.

The typical home in Bennett Valley is going to cost more to improve due to its
age than one in Las Vegas or Florida, he said.

Rising prices are making it harder for flippers to find deals that make
financial sense.

Looking ahead, Revetria said, "I don't think you're going to see as much
appreciation."

The flippers acknowledged that many people think they are making exorbitant
amounts of money on the flipped homes. To that sentiment, Peterson quipped,
"Well, go to the courthouse. You can buy one, too, if you think it's a great
idea."

___ (c)2013 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130523-UR-Study-Real-estate-flipping-a-profitable-venture-in-Sonoma-County-052
3-20130523

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2013


                              793 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               December 1, 1980, Monday, Late City Final Edition

SPORTS WORLD SPECIALS;
Diminished Returns

BYLINE: By Frank Litsky

SECTION: Section C; Page 2, Column 2; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 400 words


Years ago, the Amateur Athletic Union was one of the most powerful sports
governing bodies in the world. It ran amateur sports in America with an iron
fist.

As colleges fought successfully for a greater voice, the A.A.U.'s power eroded.
The 1978 Amateur Sports Act, which required every Olympic sport in the United
States to have an autonomous governing body, almost did in the A.A.U. But not
quite.

Today, in Miami Beach, the A.A.U. is in the midst of its annual convention,
trying to define its new role even finer.  ''We are still the national body for
such sports as karate, tae kwon do, physique, power lifting, horseshoes and
baton twirling,'' said Jim Fox, executive director of the A.A.U., ''and we run
the programs in basketball, volleyball and gymnastics. We still run the Junior
Olympics for youngsters in 17 sports.

''And we have become a service organizaton for the eight Olympic sports we used
to run - track and field, aquatics, weight lifting, judo, bobsledding, luge,
boxing and wrestling.''

What does a service organization do? ''We do anything the governing bodies
want,'' said Fox. ''We handle accounting, fund raising, registration of
athletes, liability and medical insurance for athletes, travel arrangements,
promotion, things like that.''

Still, the A.A.U's role seems greatly diminished. ''Swimming has 150,000
athletes registered nationwide and track and field has 125,000, so the y are
guaranteed enough income from registration aloneto maintain n ational staffs.
But luge and bobsledding have only 500 athletes apie ce. There's no way they
could fund a staff to conduct their activit ies.''

The A.A.U.'s future seemingly will depend on the little guy. Most of the
national governing bodies affiliated with the A.A.U. have offices in the
A.A.U.'s building in Indianapolis. But track and field will move Dec. 15 to
downtown Indianapolis, a 20-minute drive, and swimming may move after 1981 to
another Indianapoli s site or to Colorado Springs.

''The A.A.U. may have to pick up other sports it has never been associated with
to replace the ones it is losing,'' said Fox. ''If they can do that, I think
they can survive. If not, who knows?''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1980 The New York Times Company


                              794 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 9, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: IN RECOGNITION OF EQUAL PAY DAY

LENGTH: 673  words

DATELINE: Washington


United States Congress has issued the following proceedings and debate details:


HON. DANNY K. DAVIS

of illinois

in the house of representatives

Tuesday, April 8, 2014

Mr. DANNY K. DAVIS of Illinois. Mr. Speaker, today marks a holiday
that I hope to see stricken from the calendar. Today is Equal Pay Day,
a day which marks the number of days into 2014 that it takes for the
average woman to make as much as her male counterpart did in 2013. It
is truly staggering that a woman does not earn the same annual amount
as her male counterpart until four months into the following year. The
fact that women earn only 77 percent of what men are paid has a
staggering effect on society as a whole, our economy and our future.


 Closing the wage gap would likely have an immensely positive effect
on our economy. The additional $400,000 that each woman would earn in
her lifetime if paid the same as her male counterpart would be just the
economic boost that our country needs as we recover from the recession.
Economists estimate that closing the wage gap would have twice the
stimulative effect as President Obama's $800 billion Stimulus Bill. We
simply cannot afford Congressional inaction on this issue.
 Not only does wage inequality diminish a woman's spending power, it
also has a devastating effect on women's retirement savings. Diminished
earnings means that women are less equipped to contribute to retirement
savings, but it also means that their Social Security and pensions,
both of which are based on income, are diminished. The resulting effect
is that retired women are more likely than retired men to live in
poverty. The fact that we can let our mothers and grandmothers live in
poverty during the final years of their lives is truly a travesty.
 The wage gap is even more dramatic for women of color: African
American women on average earn only 64 cents for every dollar earned by
white, non-Hispanic men. Latinas fare even worse, earning only 55 cents
on the dollar. According to the National Partnership for Women and
Families, that adds up to an average of $18,817 and $23,298,
respectively, in annual lost wages. Put another way, the lost wages are
the equivalent to 118 weeks' worth of food and 4,549 gallons of
gasoline for African American women and 154 weeks' worth of food and
5,743 gallons of gasoline for Latina women. This inequity is
intolerable.
 The Equal Pay Act was passed in 1963 to address the issue of wage
inequality, but progress has been slow. Since the Act's passage, the
wage gap has closed by just 18 cents. According to the Institute for
Women's Policy Research, at the current pace, the wage gap will not be
closed until 2058. This is simply unacceptable. Congress cannot sit by
idly while women's economic security, including their retirement
savings, are threatened by gender inequity.
 As the Senate prepares yet again to vote on the Paycheck Fairness
Act, it is my hope that my colleagues in the Senate will recall the
devastating effects that wage inequity has on women, particularly
minority and elderly women, and vote in favor of S. 2199.
 Paycheck inequity also means women are more economically vulnerable
during breaks in employment. Women, earning less than their male
counterparts, have less money to place into savings as a safeguard to
protect themselves and their families from unexpected unemployment.
 The House can act immediately to provide women and their families
with economic safeguards by passing the Senate's 5-month extension of
long-term jobless benefits. Not only do tens of thousands of women rely
on long-

[[Page E550]]

term unemployment insurance to satisfy their most basic needs, they
also use these benefits to provide for the needs of their children.
Many women, despite earning significantly less than their male
counterparts, are the primary providers for their families. Congress
should reward women for their hard work and extend long-term jobless
benefits, a critical safety net for women and their families.


For more information please visit: http://beta.congress.gov

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 997 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            April 15, 2009 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Porter pondering expansion in West; 'We've always thought brand was exportable'

BYLINE: Scott Deveau, Financial Post

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP4

LENGTH: 494  words


As carriers around the globe reel from diminished demand, Porter Airlines Inc.
is charting an aggressive expansion plan that includes the possibility of
partnering with U. S. carriers and potentially expanding its brand in the West,
according to Robert Deluce, the airline's chief executive.

"We've got numerous short-term growth opportunities," Mr. Deluce said in an
interview yesterday, "but certainly an expansion of Porter from the East and
moving West is possible. We've always thought the brand was exportable."

While those plans are a little further out, such destinations as Boston,
Washington and Philadelphia remain on Porter's radar in the near term, as are
flights to Windsor, Sault Ste. Marie, Timmins and Sudbury in Ontario, as the
airline takes on new planes, he said.

The carrier will add a tenth aircraft by the end of the week, two more by May
and another six this fall, Mr. Deluce said.

Meanwhile, Porter is busy upgrading its reservation system to allow for
code-share agreements with U. S. carriers in places such as Newark, N. J., and
Chicago within the next six months, he added.

"Both of those locations make really good sense to offer some down-the-line
destinations that are beyond the points we serve," he said.

While the privately held Porter doesn't make its books public, Mr. Deluce
maintains the airline has been profitable since June, 2007. While the brand has
struck a chord with urbanites, its fleet of fuel-efficient Q400s and its virtual
monopoly on Toronto's City Centre Airport is helping it along.

This has certainly caught the attention of its competitors, including WestJet
Airlines Ltd., which also continues to grow in the downturn and hasn't ruled out
the possibility of acquiring a carrier like Porter in its efforts to add a
second aircraft type to its fleet.

Sean Durfy, WestJet chief executive, has been intrigued by the short-haul
carrier and called it a "wonderful niche product" in a recent interview.

He also said he wouldn't rule out the possibility of WestJet taking a swing at
it in the future. "When we look at strategy, we look at everything," he said.

Chris Murray, CIBC World Markets analyst, said while an acquisition of Porter
would be "unlikely," WestJet looking at entering the short-haul market isn't. He
noted WestJet's international exposure is already somewhat covered off with
code-share deals with Southwest Airlines and Air France-KLM.

WestJet still intends to grow its fleet from 78 Boeing 737s to 121 by 2013, but
Bob Cummings, WestJet vice-president of guest experience and marketing, said the
airline would like to capture more of the estimated $2-billion short-haul
market.

"We're in no hurry or not pressured to go to another fleet type," he said.
"Having said that ... there is likely to be a tipping point where we're hitting
diminished returns with single-fleet aircraft." He pegged that at about 170
aircraft before WestJet would need to look to other aircraft for growth.

scdeveau@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business !@AKW=TRANSPORTATION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           December 2, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

No easy solution for fish kill

BYLINE: Charlie Meyers

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C-10

LENGTH: 881 words


The locations are miles apart, yet very close in their cause and concern.
Whether the angling community and Denver Water can gain some solutions to the
problems that cause trout to die on the North Fork of the South Platte River
upstream from Bailey, and on South Boulder Creek where it flows from Gross
Reservoir, remains to be seen.

Because it is recent and involves lots of money and very large fish, the North
Fork situation has attracted the most and immediate attention. Further, it
features a sequel even more enduring and dramatic.

From Oct. 28 to Nov. 7, Denver Water squelched the flow through the Roberts
Tunnel, which delivers water from Dillon Reservoir through the Continental
Divide and ultimately to the taps of the Denver metro.

The reason, said Dave Bennett, water resource planner, was to maintain flows
from Cheesman Reservoir on the river's main stem to meet obligations of the
South Platte Protection Plan.

With the tunnel water shut off, the native flow on the North Fork was
insufficient to sustain the large fish planted on five private stretches
operated as "trout ranches." Many died, a setback to the commercial operators
who charge hundreds of dollars for daily rod fees and a concern for anyone
disturbed by the sordid sight of trophy trout gone belly-up.

The fish kill occurred below the point where the tunnel joins the river near the
community of Grant. Impact is diminished downstream from Bailey, where flows are
boosted by small tributaries.

"We feel for these guys. We don't like the notion of trout dying," said Bennett,
himself an avid angler. "But we have restrictions on when we can use West Slope
water. There are no guarantees when we run water through the tunnel and when we
shut it off, there are times when the river doesn't provide enough flow to
sustain these large fish."

The problem is exacerbated by heavy metals pollution from old mines in the
watershed. When natural flows are dangerously diminished - usually in autumn and
winter - these pollutants are not sufficiently diluted, placing further stress
on trout.

"This is a situation that has developed in recent years with the stocking of all
these large trout. The flow simply isn't enough to sustain them," said Bennett,
who asserted that Denver Water strives to juggle its operation to benefit trout
whenever it can.

The ultimate solution, he said, is habitat improvement that would keep large
fish alive during these periods of stress. Such work has been done on some
properties, but more is needed.

It is a notion that already has found traction in the form of a nonprofit
foundation that could benefit the entire river, which is divided almost equally
between public and private.

Luke Kelly, who represents Freestone Aquatics, a company that provides habitat
restoration and generation on rivers and lakes, detailed the formation of the
North Fork/South Platte River Foundation, a grassroots group of stakeholders
whose purpose is to recover and maintain the river's riparian habitat.

This would be achieved, Kelly said, through channel improvement, mine
reclamation and in-stream flow development through collaboration of local
organizations and community education.

"The result of improved management will benefit wildlife, recreationists and the
local economy," he said. "There is great potential for all to benefit."

Whether this can happen in time to head off another impending dilemma remains to
be seen. To facilitate a longstanding plan to repair the Roberts Tunnel, Denver
Water will stop the flow completely from November 2010 through March 2011.

The South Boulder Creek situation involves a similar difficulty to maintain
flows below the reservoir during those cold months when water generation is
diminished and fish mortality occurs. Again, flow control by Denver Water is at
the heart of the issue.

The water provider currently agrees to maintain flows at seven cubic feet per
second - provided this small watershed can produce even that minuscule amount.
Help may be on the way in a Denver Water plan to boost West Slope diversion
through the Moffat Tunnel, boosting storage in Gross Reservoir. A companion
arrangement would allow the water suppliers for the cities of Boulder and
Lafayette to utilize storage in the reservoir.

The potential to use this to enhance winter flows has caught the attention of
Trout Unlimited, which long has sought a solution to the South Boulder Creek
puzzle.

"If we can use this increased storage to boost flows in the creek," this would
be something we could support," said Drew Peternell, director of TU's Western
Water Project.

But Peternell's concern also extends to a larger matter, which is a Denver Water
push to acquire more water from the upper Fraser River basin, then deliver it
through the Continental Divide via its Moffat Tunnel complex.

It's quite a twist, potentially more water for Boulder Creek, less for the upper
Colorado River Basin.

These issues involving water diversion and flow manipulation long have been with
us and will not soon go away. The challenge is to develop water to support the
various requirements of people while providing habitat for trout and other wild
things. The more we know about the situation, the more we realize that both
needs often are the same.

Charlie Meyers: 303-954-1609 or cmeyers@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 25, 2006 Tuesday

Bonds' 2007 team remains in doubt;
STAR KEEPS SAYING HE WANTS TO PLAY ANOTHER SEASON

BYLINE: Chris Haft, Mercury News

SECTION: SP; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 638 words


Barry Bonds wants to play baseball next season. But whether he does, and for
whom he plays, are open questions.

Friday, Bonds told MLB.com that he had ``no doubt'' about returning for a 22nd
season. He repeated that sentiment to a handful of reporters the next day: ``I
just said I wanted to play.''

Of course, this is the same man who said in February that he planned to retire
after this season. Bonds has a long history of changing his mind, and the
current vacillations could be rooted in his uneven performance this season.

Bonds has played in 79 of the Giants' 99 games, far exceeding the hopes of his
employers, and occasionally he has flashed the form that won him seven most
valuable player awards.

On the other hand, Bonds turned 42 on Monday, and there are times when he looks
every bit his age. Anticipating fastballs instead of reacting to them, he's
prone to taking awkward swings that were rarely seen in previous seasons. In
left field, where his lack of mobility is obvious, he has to extend himself to
make plays that once were routine for him.

And yet Giants Manager Felipe Alou said he believes Bonds can play next year. In
fact, Alou doesn't stop there.

``He can be better next year,'' Alou said recently. ``The legs are really very
important for hitting. Last year and early this year, Barry was not using his
legs the way he wants to or knows how to because of his knee problem. But he
could be healthier next year.''

Bonds will be a free agent after the 2006 season. So where will he be in 2007?

The Giants remain the most likely option, if only because they've stuck with him
for 14 seasons.

Owner Peter Magowan has steadfastly said Bonds' future is an off-season matter,
but the temptation to keep him will grow as Bonds, with 722 home runs, comes
closer to Hank Aaron's all-time mark of 755.

And although Bonds is a drag on the payroll -- he's making $18 million this
season -- it's not as if the Giants have a promising successor waiting in the
wings.

With so many impending free agents -- Bonds, Moises Alou, Pedro Feliz, Ray
Durham and Jason Schmidt all might be gone from the payroll -- the Giants could
have close to $50 million to spend this off-season. But the market is short on
power-hitting outfielders -- the best appears to be Milwaukee's Carlos Lee -- so
that, too, could work in favor of Bonds returning.

No other National League team is likely to pursue him, given his diminished
defensive skills.

The Los Angeles Dodgers were once a rumored possibility, but their promising
young outfielders -- and the presence of Jeff Kent -- make that unlikely.

The New York Yankees and Los Angeles Angels long were viewed as likely landing
places for Bonds, but that thinking might be outdated.

The New York media have aggressively covered the Bonds steroid saga, and a Babe
Ruth backlash already exists against Bonds with much of the Yankee Nation. The
Angels, like the Dodgers, have developed prospects who have diminished the need
for a player like Bonds.

One possible option for Bonds is just across the bay. The A's are capable of
absorbing difficult personalities (see: Bradley, Milton), and Bonds has an
on-base percentage straight out of Billy Beane's book.

Of course, Bonds would need to play for less than $18 million, a lot less.

Another option is Seattle, where Bonds was downright charming during the Giants'
mid-June interleague visit. He taped a pregame interview for the Mariners' radio
network and spoke freely with reporters throughout the weekend. You can count on
one hand, maybe two, the number of times Bonds has done either of those things
in his 14 seasons with the Giants.

But hitting, not schmoozing, remains Bonds' biggest selling point. The next two
months should be captivating theater as he wills his body to deliver one last
smashing audition.

Contact Chris Haft at chaft@mercurynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     September 2, 2001 Sunday Final Edition

No longer master of his fate: A battle lost : Winston Churchill's biography was
to extend over three volumes, but failing health has stopped William Manchester
from completing his mission

SOURCE: New York Times

BYLINE: Dexter Filkins

SECTION: Sunday Reader -- Books & Authors; Pg. E10

LENGTH: 1568 words

DATELINE: Middletown, Conn.

Several times a month the phone rings at the New York offices of Little, Brown,
the publishing house, with each of the callers posing an insistent and nearly
identical question: When will finish the third and final volume of The Last
Lion, his hugely successful biography of Winston Churchill?

"The only question we get more often is 'Will you publish my manuscript?' " said
Ryan Harbage, an assistant editor at Little, Brown.

Manchester -- whose first two volumes rank among the most popular biographical
works of recent years -- receives similar calls and letters at his home in
Middletown, Conn., a quiet university city about 145 kilometres north of New
York. And it stings, Manchester says, each time he delivers the answer.

"I have to tell them the book is not coming out," he said in an interview at his
home. "I tell them I just can't do it."

Felled by two strokes after the death of his wife in 1998, Manchester, who is
79, says he has tried several times to kick-start the writing of the final
Churchill book, of which he has completed 237 pages. He is skeptical of his
publisher's suggestion that he finish the book with a collaborator, and he says
he has finally surrendered to the conclusion that his body is too feeble and his
mind too diminished to carry on with the project.

"Language for me came as easily as breathing for 50 years, and I can't do it
anymore," he said, seated on the couch in the den of his home. "The feeling is
indescribable."

Once able to write and work for days on end without sleep, Manchester says he
now needs a full day to compose a letter to a friend. The author of 18 books,
including The Death of a President and American Caesar, Manchester now struggles
to follow the plots of the television dramas he is watching for the first time
in his life.

Most frustrating, he says, is the loss of his subject: The grand and tumultuous
figure of Winston Churchill, whose life and times Manchester brought into
dramatic focus, has slipped away without a proper finish. For the 20-plus years
that the pairing lasted, Manchester and Churchill seemed a nearly perfect fit:
the eminent, enthusiastic biographer chasing the brilliant and relentless
wartime leader.

"I try not to think about it," Manchester said, his partly completed manuscript
on the coffee table before him. "There is nothing I can do."

Manchester's enfeeblement cuts short an ambitious literary enterprise, begun
nearly 25 years ago, that spawned an enormous and nearly cultlike following.

The first two volumes, Visions of Glory (1983) and Alone (1988), total 1,729
pages. Together they sold about 400,000 hardcover copies, said Roger Donald, the
former publisher of Little, Brown, and Manchester's editor for years. The
hardcovers and the paperback editions are still in print.

When the U.S. Navy commissioned the guided-missile destroyer Winston Churchill
two years ago, it installed signed copies of each of Manchester's Churchill
volumes in the ship's library.

Manchester's Churchill stood apart in a crowded field. Richard M. Langworth, the
editor of Finest Hour, the quarterly journal of the Churchill Center in
Washington, says Churchill biographies number about 650, including Martin
Gilbert's eight volumes and more than a dozen memoirs that Churchill wrote
himself. Langworth attributes the success of The Last Lion to Manchester's
stirring prose.

"He has brought more people to Winston Churchill than all the others combined,"
Langworth said.

While reviews of the first two Churchill books were often at odds -- Time
magazine named Alone one of the best non-fiction books of the 1980s, while a
critic writing in The New York Review of Books described it as "hackneyed,
coarse and hyperbolic" -- their popular success fuelled enormous anticipation
for the third book.

As the years passed, the expectation spawned a kind of collective vigil, with
fans speculating on the book's arrival date and the reasons for the delay.

Even today, Little, Brown reserves a spot for Volume III on its Web page,
informing readers that Manchester is "hard at work" and imploring them to "stay
tuned" for an announcement. The Amazon.com message board teems with comments
from Manchester fans wondering what has become of the last instalment.

Manchester's illness seems to mean an unfortunate end to an extraordinary
literary career. He rose to national prominence in the mid-1960s, when he was
chosen by the family of John F. Kennedy to write an account of the president's
assassination.

In the months before the book's publication, a bitter and public dispute erupted
between Manchester and the president's widow, Jacqueline Kennedy, who objected
to portions of the work. The dispute was settled when Manchester agreed to
delete or modify several passages that Jacqueline Kennedy had found
objectionable. The Death of a President sold about 1.3 million copies in
hardback.

By the time he fell ill, Manchester had completed about 100,000 words of the
third Churchill volume, Defender of the Realm. It picks up where Volume II left
off, with Churchill about to become prime minister of Britain in May 1940 as
France was collapsing before the Nazi onslaught. It fades out with Churchill
rallying his countrymen during the Blitz.

Manchester pronounces the part of the manuscript he has completed "in pretty
good shape," and indeed it is written in his signature dramatic style. A section
on the fall of France closes with Charles de Gaulle, then a member of the French
government, rushing aboard a departing British airplane as his French colleagues
prepared to surrender.

For Manchester, the decision to give up The Last Lion contains personal and
historical ironies. As a young man, he sat at the bedside of the ailing H.L.
Mencken, the American polemicist who was the subject of Manchester's first book,
Disturber of the Peace. Like Manchester, Mencken had suffered a stroke, although
Mencken's was more severe. Manchester says he read to his friend and mentor
nearly every day in the last year of his life. Mencken died in 1956.

Unlike Mencken, Manchester can still read and retain information. In
conversation he recalls events from long ago with great exactness. In vivid
detail, for instance, he described lying in a cave on the shores of Okinawa 56
years ago, a Marine exhausted after a battle, watching the Japanese kamikazes
crash into the American ships offshore.

But he says his memory is no longer the vast storehouse that it once was. And he
says he can no longer summon the energy, mental or physical, to engage in the
more strenuous activity of writing. As a result, Manchester says, he has not
visited his office at Wesleyan University in Middletown -- where he is professor
emeritus of history -- for three years.

"I used to write, be able to think, a dozen paragraphs ahead; I would jot down
little symbols to remind me what was coming next," Manchester said. "I couldn't
write fast enough."

Holed up in his office, Manchester says, he would often work for 50 hours at a
stretch, pausing occasionally to eat one of the small containers of yogurt he
kept in a tiny refrigerator there.

"I would work all day, all night, all the next day, all the following night and
into the third day. I would look up at the clock, and it would be 3:30 in the
afternoon, and I would say, 'Oh boy, I've got three more hours to write.' I just
loved it."

But now, when Manchester sits down to compose a sentence, he sees only
confusion.

"I can't put things together; I can't make the connections," he said, pounding
out his sentences with tightened lips, shaking his head as he spoke. "I just
can't do it." He said his doctor told him that part of his brain died when he
had the strokes.

Today, paralysed in his left leg from the strokes, he walks with the aid of a
cane or his nurse. He swims three days a week at a pool. He has just completed
reading Nathaniel Philbrick's In the Heart of the Sea, a non-fiction book about
a disaster aboard the 19th-century whaling vessel, Essex. Some of his old Marine
buddies recently dropped by to watch the movie, Pearl Harbor.

"The historical errors are just outrageous," Manchester said.

There is a chance that a version of the third volume of The Last Lion will
ultimately be published. In August, after Little, Brown's publisher, Michael
Pietsch, trekked to Middletown, Manchester agreed to consider collaborating with
another writer to finish the book. Manchester says he has received about a dozen
inquiries from would-be collaborators, but has so far refused them all.

"I have all the research done for the rest of the third volume, a hell of a lot,
to the end of Churchill's life," he said. "But what I can't get people to
understand is that nobody else can write it. Nobody has my style. Nobody could
put it in context like I can. I'm the only person who can write that book."

On some days, he says, his predicament plunges him into a nearly fathomless
despair. In that way, he resembles his own biographical subject; Churchill
wrestled with what he called the "black dog" for much of his life.

And while on some days, Manchester says, he is able to fight his despairing
thoughts to a standstill, on others the battle seems unfairly lopsided.

"My wife is gone, and I can no longer write," Manchester said. "If I believed in
the power of prayer, I would pray every day that He carry me away."

LOAD-DATE: March 27, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Colour Photo: New York Times; William Manchester, 79, says he has
finally surrendered to the conclusion that his body is too feeble and his mind
too diminished to complete the final volume of his hugely successful biography
of Winston Churchill.

TYPE: News

               Copyright 2001 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Credit Union Journal

                               December 21, 2009

NCUSIF Reserves Continue To Decline

BYLINE: Ed Roberts, Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: FINANCIAL PERFORMANCE; Pg. 1 Vol. 13 No. 51

LENGTH: 352  words


ALEXANDRIA, Va.-NCUA said last week the reserve ratio for the National CU Share
Insurance Fund continued to fall again last month, even as the agency was
collecting $720 million in a special NCUSIF premium assessment.

The agency had hoped the special assessment would replenish the reserve ratio to
1.30 (dollars reserved per $100 of insured deposits) but continuing payouts on
credit union losses diminished the ratio to 1.28 at the end of October, and
again to 1.27 at the end of November, according to Mary Ann Woodson, chief
financial officer for NCUA. "Since there have been additional losses that has
driven the (reserve) ratio down," Woodson told the NCUA Board during its monthly
open meeting.

The Federal CU Act requires that NCUA maintain a reserve ratio of at least 1.20%
for the NCUSIF and the Corporate Stabilization act authorizes an even lower
ratio of 1.0%, but the NCUA Board voted last January to maintain a 1.30% ratio.

The diminished reserve ratio raises the specter of additional charges for credit
unions next year to rebuild reserves.

Meantime, NCUA Chairman Deborah Matz said last week the Board will consider
lowering its desired reserve level form the current 1.30 next year after it
considers the related circumstances, including additional losses among natural
person credit unions and industry growth, among other things. Matz's position
was explained in a letter to NAFCU.

This year's $720 million premium assessment was in addition to a $330 million
charge assessed credit unions to pay for the corporate credit union bailout.
NCUA predicted earlier that more charges will be required next year and the year
after to pay for the corporate credit union bailout and to replenish NCUSIF
reserves.

The NCUSIF recorded $96.4 million in losses last month to pay for growing losses
on natural person credit unions, bringing year-to-date losses to $546.7 million.
So far, there have been 24 natural person credit union failures in 2009,
including 14 involuntary liquidations and eight purchase and assumption
(assisted) mergers which have cost NCUA $116 million to resolve, according to
Woodson.

URL: http://www.cujournal.com/

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: CUJ


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                             April 27, 2014 Sunday

Special to The Washington Post

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 799 words


While Michael Lewis's takedown of high-speed stock trading, "Flash Boys", has
been making headlines this month, another book on global economic dysfunctions
has climbed quietly to the top of Amazon's best-seller list. "Flash Boys"
explains how the fastest-growing form of trading enriches the few at the expense
of the many. The other book, Thomas Piketty's "Capital in the Twenty-First
Century", provides a more fundamental and disquieting explanation: how
capitalism itself enriches the few at the expense of the many.

Piketty, a Paris-based economics professor, is one of a small but growing number
of economists who are scanning digitised tax records to discover the
distribution of income and wealth in various nations, both today and in the
past. Piketty's work with Emmanuel Saez, an economist at the University of
California at Berkeley, has shown that the share of Americans' income going to
the wealthiest 1 per cent has risen to the level last seen just before the 1929
crash. In his new book, in which he looks at tax records in Britain and France
that date all the way to the 18th century, Piketty has unearthed the history of
income distribution for at least the past 100 years in every major capitalist
nation. It makes for fascinating, grim and alarming reading.

Piketty's chief conclusion is that, in most nations in most times, the interest
on capital â[#x20ac]" income from investments and ownership â[#x20ac]"
accumulates at a higher rate than that at which the overall economy is growing.
In the largely pre-industrial economies that Jane Austen and Honore de Balzac
chronicled in their novels, he notes, the road to riches came through
inheritance rather than even professional labour. The interest rate on property
of all kinds was roughly 4 to 5 per cent a year, while the overall economies of
Britain and France were growing at a rate of just 1 per cent (a figure Piketty
derives by adding the nations' population growth to their economic growth). Over
time, this meant that the value of those nations' capital rose to six or seven
times their gross domestic product, and capital's major owners â[#x20ac]" the
richest 1 per cent â[#x20ac]" controlled the lion's share of their nation's
income and wealth.

Even after the Industrial Revolution, those ratios largely persisted until the
outbreak of World War I. The combination of two world wars and the Great
Depression destroyed many European fortunes, while the Depression wreaked havoc
on American fortunes. The reforms of the New Deal in the United States and of
social democracy in Europe then boosted workers' incomes on both continents and
gave rise to a sizeable propertied middle class. The rate of return on the
property of the wealthy remained high, but the value of their property had been
so diminished by the cataclysms of the first half of the century that their
wealth was diminished.

Since 1980, however, their fortunes have swelled again â[#x20ac]" at the expense
of everyone else. Ronald Reagan and Margaret Thatcher slashed taxes on wealth,
workers lost the ability to bargain for wages and, crucially, the population
growth of many nations ground nearly to a halt. Capital, again, was accumulating
faster than the overall economies were growing. In the United States, Piketty
shows, the incomes of the top 1 per cent have grown so high â[#x20ac]" chiefly
due to the linkage of top executive pay to share value, a form of capital
â[#x20ac]" that they soon will create the greatest level of income inequality in
the recorded history of any nation.

Indeed, Piketty's book provides a valuable explanatory context for America's
economic woes. Wages constitute the lowest share of US GDP, and profits the
highest, since the end of World War II. And with heightened accumulations of
wealth come heightened accumulations of political power â[#x20ac]" a shift
toward plutocracy to which this month's US Supreme Court decision, permitting
the wealthy to contribute to as many electoral campaigns as they wish, adds a
helpful push.

Piketty's primary contention is that it is inherent to capitalism that the
returns on capital generally exceed the growth of nations' economies, save in
times of epochal population growth or almost unimaginable technological
breakthroughs, and that this leads to ever-rising concentrations of wealth and
power. "No self-corrective mechanism exists" within capitalism to retard this
descent into plutocracy, he writes. Rather, he concludes, its prevention
requires political action: He suggests a global tax on capital, which, he
acknowledges, is a utopian solution, though others â[#x20ac]" empowering workers
again, increasing the social provision of goods and services â[#x20ac]" are more
readily attainable.

Lewis gives us a great read on today's latest scam. Piketty gives us the most
important work of economics since John Maynard Keynes' "General Theory".

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Nation News Network Co., Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                           February 28, 2002 Thursday

Healthy Snow tries to rebound

BYLINE: By Josh Suchon STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 705 words


SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Never previously hurt, never previously on the disabled
list, never previously out of the starting lineup so often, J.T. Snow had a
season in 2001 he wouldn't wish upon his worst enemy.

Snow spent a lot of time talking with his father, Jack, a former All-America
wide receiver at Notre Dame who played 11 years in the NFL and has the bad knees
right now to prove it.

"Keep your mouth shut," reminded the father. "When your number is called, be
ready and bust your [butt]."

Snow followed the advice. He didn't vent when the San Francisco Giants traded
for first baseman Andres Galarraga. He didn't complain about his diminished
playing time. He wasn't jealous of how quickly Galarraga became a fan favorite.

And Snow tried to stay ready. He delivered some clutch hits late in the season
to win games. He didn't complain when Barry Bonds homered in those games and
grabbed all the headlines. He never blamed the ballpark for his diminished
offensive numbers.

Now, a new year has arrived. Galarraga was not re-signed. Snow's contract
extends through the 2003 season. The first base job, once again, is Snow's. He
moved his family from Southern California to their San Mateo home, worked out
four days a week at Pacific Bell Park and is working extra hard to erase last
year's nightmarish season.

The Giants are counting on a healthy Snow to rebound and deliver a normal season
for himself -- he averaged 21 home runs and 91 RBIs from 1995 to 2000 -- but
Snow doesn't feel as if he has something to prove.

"If this was an ongoing trend with me, then yeah, I'd feel like I have something
to prove," Snow said. "When the season was over and I walked out of the
clubhouse, I forgot about the season. But on the other hand, in the off-season,
I felt I'd never want to go through that again."

It was easily the worst season of Snow's career. He went on the DL for the first
time of his life and wasn't productive when healthy. On July 1, he was batting
.201, and it didn't get better with two more trips to the disabled list and
losing his starting job to Galarraga.

Snow finished with career lows in average [.246], on-base percentage [.371],
slugging [.377], games [101], at-bats [285], runs [43], hits [70], doubles [12],
home runs [8] and RBIs [34].

At some of the lowest moments, home fans would boo Snow when he was introduced
in the starting lineup instead of Galarraga.

"You get a guy like Andres and in the first three to four games, he wins two for
us," said shortstop Rich Aurilia, one of Snow's closer friends on the team. "Of
course, the fans are going to like him. But it was no reason to boo J.T. But
J.T. was a professional and handled it really well. And so did Andres. And we're
looking for him to come back and have a big year."

Snow said he didn't hear the boos and still has nothing but positives to say
about Galarraga.

"When he came over, he was a big hit because he had success early," Snow said.
"I liked him. He was great guy. He was a great story. Anybody who can beat
cancer, how do you not respect the guy? He came over at the right time. He
picked us up. He helped us out a lot. I realized that I wasn't having a typical
year of myself and I had to do whatever I could to help the team. Dusty was
going to go with the guy who is playing his best.

"The hardest thing for me was I missed competing every day and playing every
day. I love to play and I love to be out there every day. It's hard when you're
not."

Snow quietly delivered some big hits the last five weeks, but his timing wasn't
very good for headlines.

His two-run homer on Aug.27 in New York put the Giants ahead, but it was the
same game as a 54-minute rain delay and Barry Bonds' 56th. He also hammered a
go-ahead, two-run on Sept.9 in Colorado, but that was the same day Bonds hit
Nos.61, 62 and 63.

Snow also saw his streak of six consecutive Gold Gloves end.

"I didn't deserve to win it last year because I wasn't in the lineup enough,"
Snow said. "I never concern myself too much with those awards. But you have to
be out there and you have to play. I only played in [101] games and only had
[285] at-bats. That's usually when I start getting hot."

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              802 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                     San Mateo County Times (San Mateo, CA)

                          February 27, 2002 Wednesday

Healthy Snow tries to rebound

BYLINE: By Josh Suchon STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 705 words


SCOTTSDALE, Ariz. -- Never previously hurt, never previously on the disabled
list, never previously out of the starting lineup so often, J.T. Snow had a
season in 2001 he wouldn't wish upon his worst enemy.

Snow spent a lot of time talking with his father, Jack, a former All-America
wide receiver at Notre Dame who played 11 years in the NFL and has the bad knees
right now to prove it.

"Keep your mouth shut," reminded the father. "When your number is called, be
ready and bust your [butt]."

Snow followed the advice. He didn't vent when the San Francisco Giants traded
for first baseman Andres Galarraga. He didn't complain about his diminished
playing time. He wasn't jealous of how quickly Galarraga became a fan favorite.

And Snow tried to stay ready. He delivered some clutch hits late in the season
to win games. He didn't complain when Barry Bonds homered in those games and
grabbed all the headlines. He never blamed the ballpark for his diminished
offensive numbers.

Now, a new year has arrived. Galarraga was not re-signed. Snow's contract
extends through the 2003 season. The first base job, once again, is Snow's. He
moved his family from Southern California to their San Mateo home, worked out
four days a week at Pacific Bell Park and is working extra hard to erase last
year's nightmarish season.

The Giants are counting on a healthy Snow to rebound and deliver a normal season
for himself -- he averaged 21 home runs and 91 RBIs from 1995 to 2000 -- but
Snow doesn't feel as if he has something to prove.

"If this was an ongoing trend with me, then yeah, I'd feel like I have something
to prove," Snow said. "When the season was over and I walked out of the
clubhouse, I forgot about the season. But on the other hand, in the off-season,
I felt I'd never want to go through that again."

It was easily the worst season of Snow's career. He went on the DL for the first
time of his life and wasn't productive when healthy. On July 1, he was batting
.201, and it didn't get better with two more trips to the disabled list and
losing his starting job to Galarraga.

Snow finished with career lows in average [.246], on-base percentage [.371],
slugging [.377], games [101], at-bats [285], runs [43], hits [70], doubles [12],
home runs [8] and RBIs [34].

At some of the lowest moments, home fans would boo Snow when he was introduced
in the starting lineup instead of Galarraga.

"You get a guy like Andres and in the first three to four games, he wins two for
us," said shortstop Rich Aurilia, one of Snow's closer friends on the team. "Of
course, the fans are going to like him. But it was no reason to boo J.T. But
J.T. was a professional and handled it really well. And so did Andres. And we're
looking for him to come back and have a big year."

Snow said he didn't hear the boos and still has nothing but positives to say
about Galarraga.

"When he came over, he was a big hit because he had success early," Snow said.
"I liked him. He was great guy. He was a great story. Anybody who can beat
cancer, how do you not respect the guy? He came over at the right time. He
picked us up. He helped us out a lot. I realized that I wasn't having a typical
year of myself and I had to do whatever I could to help the team. Dusty was
going to go with the guy who is playing his best.

"The hardest thing for me was I missed competing every day and playing every
day. I love to play and I love to be out there every day. It's hard when you're
not."

Snow quietly delivered some big hits the last five weeks, but his timing wasn't
very good for headlines.

His two-run homer on Aug.27 in New York put the Giants ahead, but it was the
same game as a 54-minute rain delay and Barry Bonds' 56th. He also hammered a
go-ahead, two-run on Sept.9 in Colorado, but that was the same day Bonds hit
Nos.61, 62 and 63.

Snow also saw his streak of six consecutive Gold Gloves end.

"I didn't deserve to win it last year because I wasn't in the lineup enough,"
Snow said. "I never concern myself too much with those awards. But you have to
be out there and you have to play. I only played in [101] games and only had
[285] at-bats. That's usually when I start getting hot."

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

            Copyright 2002 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers


                              803 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                            April 23, 2009 Thursday

A Growing Leadership Gap

BYLINE: Heather Joslyn

SECTION: MANAGING; Pg. 29 Vol. 21 No. 13

LENGTH: 2373 words


Despite the wave of layoffs washing over the nonprofit world, a study to be
released this week predicts that at least 24,000 senior-level nonprofit jobs
will be open this year.

Twenty-eight percent of organizations said they intended to make such hires in
2009.

Retirements by baby boomers will account for some of those vacancies, say
researchers, but more than a few will be new positions, many of them in finance
and fund raising. Human-services and arts groups are expected to have the most
need for new leaders, even with the recession's heavy toll on cultural
organizations in particular.

But 60 percent of nonprofit leaders who participated in the study also predicted
that they would have a hard time finding qualified candidates to take those
jobs, even though the pool of job seekers is deep, as a result of unemployment
in the business world.

The data come from the Bridgespan Group, a nonprofit firm, with offices in
Boston, New York, and San Francisco, that does recruiting and consulting for
philanthropies and charities. The report, a sequel to Bridgespan's 2006 study of
senior-level nonprofit-hiring projections -- which found that organizations
would need to hire 640,000 additional senior managers by 2016 -- says those
vacancies may be proliferating at a faster rate than expected. During the 18
months from June 2007 to December 2008, just under 77,000 senior-level jobs were
open at nonprofit groups nationwide, a figure 43 percent higher than was
forecast in the 2006 study. While one out of every four leadership vacancies was
filled from within, 41 percent of new leaders came from other nonprofit groups,
while 21 percent came from the business world.

'Retirement Is Real'

The prediction of 640,000 vacancies over 10 years, from the 2006 study, was
actually in the middle of researchers' range of guesses about future hiring,
says Thomas J. Tierney, Bridgespan's chairman and author of the 2006 report.

"In any future projection, the only thing you know is that it's wrong," he says.
The actual number of open senior-level jobs could turn out to be more than one
million or as low as 300,000, he says, depending on events between now and 2016.

When the 640,000 figure was unveiled three years ago, he adds, "virtually no one
came back to us and said that number was crazy."

The recession is not expected to make a long-term dent in projected senior-level
vacancies, says Wayne Luke, who heads Bridgespan's executive-search department
(after a career in for-profit executive recruiting). For one thing, he says,
"let's not forget that many of these organizations are run by baby boomers, and
retirement is real. Even though some retirements might have been put on hold
these past few months, based on the economy, it might have diminished it
somewhat, but it certainly hasn't eliminated that as a factor."

Although nonprofit leaders who were polled said that only 12 percent of
vacancies that came open during the 2007-8 period covered by the Bridgespan
survey were retirements, that share is expected to jump to 35 percent in 2009.

Meanwhile, however, recruiters like Bridgespan have experienced a few hiccups
because of the economic downturn, Mr. Luke acknowledges.

As the worldwide financial crisis spread last fall, "everything went into a deep
freeze. We were getting news back from nonprofit organizations saying, 'We're
never going to hire anybody, ever again,'" Mr. Luke says, with a sharp laugh.
But by February, he says, his organization was handling more executive searches
than usual for that time of year.

"There's a flight to quality," he says, "and people are going to be looking to
upgrade talent, even in a diminished economy and with diminished budgets,
because otherwise they'll never get done what they need to get done."

Help Wanted at the Top

As money is poured into charities from the federal economic stimulus package,
growing organizations will need to add top managers, says Mr. Tierney. And even
new efforts to consolidate charities won't necessarily reduce their need for
seniorlevel hiring. "There's an argument to be made that two medium-sized
nonprofits merging require more management talent, post that merger, than they
did independently before the merger, just because bigger organizations are more
complicated to run," he says.

Most of the layoffs at charities in recent months have involved junior, not
senior, staff members, notes Timothy J. McClimon, president of the American
Express Foundation. which financed the Bridgespan survey.

"Even if they're cutting back on their budgets and cutting back on their staffs,
nonprofits have to have senior leaders to operate," he says. "As those positions
come open, they have to be filled whether there's a recession or not, if the
nonprofit is to survive."

In fact, widespread layoffs at businesses and charities have, oddly, not made it
any easier for charities to fill senior-level nonprofit slots, says Mr. Tierney.
"It's not a matter of quantity, it's a matter of quality. The job of running
these organizations is a really hard thing to do."

And yet a lot of good people are in that expanding pool of job seekers, says
Michael Watson, senior vice president for human resources at Girl Scouts of the
USA, in New York. "We are seeing a higher quality of applicant across the board
and across the country," says Mr. Watson, who came to the charity from IBM.

The challenge, he and other recruiters say, is to use the right bait to lure
those potential leaders.

Business Skills Prized

The biggest obstacle to filling nonprofit jobs, according to the Bridgespan
report, was insufficient compensation, followed by a lack of candidates with
specialized skills and a lack of meaningful career paths for managers.

The survey was based on interviews conducted by City Square Associates, a
market-research firm in Cambridge, Mass., that interviewed 433 executive
directors at charities and foundations nationwide in December, January, and
February, focusing on groups with budgets of more than $1-million. Other key
findings:

* Seventy-three percent of nonprofit leaders said they valued for-profit
experience in job candidates, and 42 percent of executive directors said they
had significant business-world experience on their own résumés.

* Online job boards, not professional networks, were the most popular method
cited by nonprofit executives as a means to recruit candidates. Forty-nine
percent of executive directors said they had used such job sites, 44 percent
said they had tapped external networks, and only 13 percent said they had used
search firms. However, those professional networks were deemed by respondents as
the most effective means to recruit successful candidates.

* Fifty-three percent of nonprofit leaders said they had made adjustments, such
as increasing compensation and offering flexible work arrangements, in order to
hire desired candidates for senior-level jobs.

* Specific experience needed for a job was called the most important
qualification for senior-level employees by 79 percent of nonprofit leaders,
while 75 percent cited fitting the culture of a particular organization.

"I think one reason why cultural fit ended up as high as it did among the survey
respondents is that they recognize that to succeed in leading a nonprofit
organization, people need to understand that it's mission first, not money
first," says David L. Simms, a Bridgespan partner who oversaw the new survey.

For nonprofit organizations to have greater impact on a wider variety of people
and attract the best employees, "we need to be culturally diverse," says Laura
Reeves, chief talent officer at the American Cancer Society, in Atlanta. "So
really narrowing in on what used to be that singular cultural fit, I think, is
somewhat antiquated."

But allowing for a more inclusive office culture is not the same as loosening
employees' connections to a charity's mission, a standard that should not be
compromised, she says.

The American Cancer Society, Ms. Reeves says, is also making an intensified
effort to create meaningful career paths for managers already employed by the
organization. The charity, she says, helps workers identify career goals and
outline the steps they need to take in order to compete for those job
opportunities in the future.

No 'Port in a Storm'

For nonprofit groups, says Mr. Luke, the Bridgespan recruiter, it's especially
important to discern candidates' motivations when recruiting people who hope to
switch to a nonprofit career from another profession.

Make sure they are committed to the charitable cause, he says, and not just
seeking shelter from a rocky job market.

"The worst mistake you can make," he says, is to bring in an experienced
professional who is "viewing this as a port in a storm."

Nonprofit jobs that may be especially good fits for candidates from business or
government, he says, include chief financial officer, chief operating officer,
human-resources manager, and marketing and business-development positions.

Judy Vredenburgh, president of Big Brothers Big Sisters of America, a mentor
organization with headquarters in Philadelphia, says her charity hired its chief
technical officer from a for-profit company. "We have fabulous social workers,"
says Ms. Vredenburgh, who is retiring in June. "But we didn't have people with
technical expertise."

Candidates who cross over from the business world may include people like Yvonne
Petrasovits.

When Ms. Petrasovits was an executive at Aetos Capital, an international
investment-management firm in her native New York, she grew more interested in
volunteering at charities, including Communities in Schools, a
dropout-prevention program whose mission appealed to her.

"I was a near-dropout myself," she says, "because I wasn't interested in
school."

When she came upon a series of news articles about the nonprofit world's looming
leadership deficit, a plan emerged: "Why couldn't I work for a nonprofit full
time? I could apply all my business skills," she says. "Well, it's a lot easier
to think that than do it."

Today Ms. Petrasovits leads READ NYC, a charity that trains teenagers to help
kindergarteners and first graders learn to read. To get there, she had to
overcome recruiters' skepticism -- and to take a paycheck less than half the
size of the one in her old job.

"I'm much more conscious of how I'm spending my dollars now," she says.

Paying for Quality

Even job seekers from the business world who are willing to sacrifice
financially may experience culture shock. For one thing, they may have
difficulty adjusting to the flatter hierarchies of nonprofit workplaces, says
Laura Gassner Otting, author of Change Your Career: Transitioning to the
Nonprofit Sector (2007).

"The first time they attend a staff meeting and find out the intern has as much
to say as a senior staff person -- that can be pretty eye-opening," she says. "A
lot of for-profit people get frustrated at the decision-making structure and the
pace at which decisions are made."

Still others may find a home in the nonprofit culture, suggests John Smart. He
was hired in September as chief administrative officer at NPower, in New York, a
network of nonprofit organizations that provide technological assistance to more
than 4,000 charities, after nearly three decades working in finance jobs for
corporations.

The nonprofit world's emphasis on consensus and mission over monetary rewards
has proved a welcome challenge for him. "If you can persuade people to do the
right thing without the traditional levers of compensation, I think that makes
for a better manager," he says.

Compensation, though, remains a sticking point for many job candidates, as
reported in the Bridgespan survey.

Ben Klasky, executive director of IslandWood, an environmental-education center
in Bainbridge, Wash., with 75 workers and an annual budget of $5.5-million, says
meeting salary demands remains a challenge in filling senior-level spots at
organizations like his. He ought to know. During his four years in the job, he
has replaced three of the four senior staff members who report directly to him.

On the other hand, the gap between for-profit and nonprofit compensation may be
getting smaller. "Nonprofits, particularly mid-sized and larger organizations,
are becoming more sophisticated in the total package that they offer," Mr.
Klasky says.

Besides, he says, it doesn't pay in the long run to pinch pennies in that
regard: "Turnover ends up costing you more if you don't have competitive
salaries."

Hearts and Minds

Richard Leftley, president of MicroEnsure, a for-profit entity within the
microfinance charity Opportunity International, which sells low-cost insurance
to poor residents of developing countries, hired both a chief financial officer
and a chief operating officer who, like himself, came from the for-profit world.

He needed strong business skills at the senior level of his operation as
MicroEnsure's budget grew from $750,000 to $5.5-million this year, thanks to a
grant from the Bill & Melinda Gates Foundation.

To attract candidates from the business world, including retirees, says Mr.
Leftley, charities have to articulate their goals clearly, in language that
business people can understand.

"If you can't do that, you can tell them the fuzzy stories about how you're
helping these little old ladies in Africa until you're blue in the face, and
you'll get a hook in them, and you'll maybe even make them a donor," he says.
"But to get them to say, 'I'm going to exchange the golf course for sitting
behind a desk for these guys, and I'm going to do that for $100,000 a year,
which is a pittance compared to what I was earning before I retired,' you really
need to get into their hearts and into their heads."

To fill the many senior-level jobs that will open up in this and subsequent
years, says Mr. Simms, the Bridgespan survey director, nonprofit recruiters need
to cast their nets wide.

"It's external networking, it's job boards, it's making sure that you have
visible connections beyond just a small circle," he says. "It serves the
organization and serves senior leaders well that they're tapping into this
talented, diverse pool."

Bridgespan's report, "Finding Leaders for America's Nonprofits," is available
free.

Jennifer C. Berkshire and Eman Quotah contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            December 28, 2008 Sunday

Avoid death by a thousand price cuts

BYLINE: By Marcie Geffner bankrate.com

SECTION: REAL ESTATE; Business

LENGTH: 716 words


It's the worst-case scenario for home sellers: To endure price cut after price
cut until their house becomes stigmatized and hungry buyers smell blood.

But how can you avoid this unpleasant scenario in today's troubled housing
markets? The answer, experts suggest, is to put your home on the market at the
right price, and if it doesn't sell quickly, cut the price deep and fast, so you
won't be caught in a downward spiral of price reductions.

Not surprisingly, few sellers want to hear that advice. They'd rather price
their home aggressively and then hope a buyer will take the bait. But testing
the market simply isn't a good strategy with home prices depressed, sales at a
slower pace in many markets and buyers on the hunt for good deals, explains Mark
Reitman, Chicago sales manager for real estate brokerage Redfin in Schaumburg,
Ill.

Buyers today are "looking at every aspect in so much more detail and trying to
find out how they can get a lower price," he says.

The high-and-hope strategy is so ill-advised that some brokers won't accept
listings they think are overpriced. Among them is Tony Marriott, an associate
broker with Keller Williams Realty Professional Partners in Phoenix. Marriott
says he shies away from sellers who aren't realistic or won't commit to an
automatic price reduction if no offer has been accepted within a few weeks after
the home has been put on the market.

Have a game plan

"We go into it with a fairly aggressive discussion upfront, saying, 'We are
listing your property to sell the property, not to go fishing,'" he says. "We
need to have a game plan in place to take the emotion and hand-wringing out of
it."

Pricing is especially crucial today because a trend toward lower home prices
"prevailed throughout 2007 and has continued through the first half of 2008,"
according to Standard & Poor's, a New York-based financial company that
publishes the S&P/Case-Shiller Home Price Indices.

Economists have debated the relative merits of home-price indexes. While there
is little agreement on which measures are most credible, consensus is undisputed
that home prices have fallen and may continue to do so, albeit perhaps at a
slower downward pace.

There is "no national turnaround" in home prices, although it's "possible that
we are seeing some regions struggling to come back, which has resulted in some
moderation in price declines at the national level," says David M. Blitzer,
chairman of the S&P Index Committee.

Diminished 'stickiness'

House prices have fallen more sharply and quickly during this downturn than they
did during previous downturns, according to "Downward Stickiness in Prices," a
paper by Karl E. Case, professor of economics at Wellesley College and
co-creator of the S&P/Case-Shiller indexes. Case attributes this diminished
"stickiness," to use a bit of economist-speak, of home prices to foreclosure
sales and the use of adjustable-rate mortgages during the recent housing boom.

Yet homeowners still cling to outdated beliefs about the value of their own
home. A survey by real estate information Web site Zillow.com found that 62
percent of homeowners believed their home had appreciated or held steady in the
past year, even though 77 percent of U.S. homes lost value during that period.

"Our survey reveals a wide gap between the perception homeowners have about
their own home's value and the realities of a market in which three-quarters of
homes declined in value in the past year. We attribute this gap to a combination
of inattention and a fair bit of denial that causes people to believe their home
is insulated from the woes of the market that affect others, but not them," says
Stan Humphries, Zillow's vice president of data and analytics.

A collective delusion may be but cold comfort for home sellers who suffer the
consequences of mispricing their home. Overpriced listings start out behind the
market, which forces the seller to drastically cut the price or follow the
market down through multiple price reductions.

Buyers, well aware of that dynamic, will request a history of asking prices
before they make an offer, Reitman says. A series of price cuts acts as a "code"
that signals to buyers that the seller is extremely motivated, and that
knowledge empowers buyers to make lower offers and "stick to their guns," he
warns.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

'Pained to the core';
Grieving father's anguish at failing to stop his vengeful wife killing their
three children

BYLINE: Stephen Wilkie

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 595 words


THE father of three young children stabbed to death by their mother during a
bitter custody battle spoke yesterday of his anguish at failing to protect them.

Pasquale Riggi said he was "pained to the core" after estranged wife Theresa was
jailed for a minimum of 16 years for killing eight-year-old twins Austin and
Luke and their sister Cecilia, five.

The oil company executive said the "horrific manner" in which his children died
would leave an "indelible mark" on his life.

Theresa Riggi, 47, was initially charged with murder but last month she pleaded
guilty to culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

The bloodstained bodies of the children were discovered last August at the
family's rented flat in an Edinburgh townhouse following a suspected gas
explosion.

They had been stabbed eight times each and were found lying side by side in a
bedroom.

US-born Mrs Riggi, a violinist who taught music, was badly injured after falling
head first from a second-floor balcony in a suicide bid.

The court heard she had been "possessive" about the children since they were
born and insisted they wore "locators" in public places. The situation worsened
when she and Pasquale Riggi, 46, began divorce proceedings and the couple began
a custody battle.

Danger

Mrs Riggi fled with the children to the address in Edinburgh and 24 hours before
their deaths a judge warned they could be in danger when she failed to appear at
a divorce hearing.

The judge told social workers to track the children down and take them into care
if necessary.

An earlier court hearing was told how she spoke to her husband by phone on the
evening of August 2, at around 11.30pm.

She accused him of being in collusion with their solicitors and asked if he
would take the children away.

On being told that she "left him no choice", Mrs Riggi replied: "Say goodbye
then." And she hung up.

Psychiatrists found she was paranoid and suffering from a narcissistic
personality disorder.

But passing sentence at the High Court in Glasgow the judge, Lord Bracadale,
described her crime as "ghastly and grotesque" and told her: "You are not
mentally ill."

He added: "You, and others, must understand that, while your responsibility is
diminished, you are still responsible for your actions.

"The number and nature of the stab wounds to each child is indicative of a truly
disturbing degree of violence."

Riggi married her husband in her home town of Bakersfield, California, in 1989.
But the couple had separated by the time they moved to Scotland in February
2007.

Mr Riggi stayed in a flat in Aberdeen city centre while the rest of the family
lived in the nearby village of Skene.

Defence QC Donald Findlay told the court that Riggi was "wholly devoted" to her
children and feared they would be taken from her.

He said: "However irrational and however insane, that was the world as Theresa
Riggi saw it."

The divorce judge's order was not faxed for 24 hours and was received just
minutes before reports of the gas blast sent emergency services to the flat.
Despite the delay, City of Edinburgh Council said nothing could have stopped
Theresa Riggi's murder-suicide plan.

In a statement read outside court, Mr Riggi said: "The horrific manner in which
my children died will leave an indelible mark on the rest of my life. It pains
me to the core that I was unable to protect them from the selfish, brutal and
murderous acts that ended their lives."

Lord Bracadale ordered that Mrs Riggi, who will serve her sentence at Cornton
Vale Prison near Stirling, should be deported to the United States when she is
paroled.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Theresa Riggi arrives at court in Glasgow for sentencing yesterday
Eight-year-old twins Luke, left, and Austin were stabbed to death by their
mother
Stabbing victim Cecilia, five - and, right, her devastated father Pasquale
Riggi, 46

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXP


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                           January 23, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Funeral for Leung set for Saturday

BYLINE: Bernice Trick, The Citizen

SECTION: SECOND FRONT; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 461  words


A funeral service for Wallace Leung will be held at 9:30 a.m. on Saturday in the
Richmond Funeral home located at 8420 Cambie St., in Richmond.

A memorial service is also planned for Prince George, but no details are
available at this time.

The former music conductor of the Prince George Symphony Orchestra died Jan. 18
in New York City where he had been ill since Dec. 21 after being struck with
viral encephalitis, or inflammation of the brain.

Jo-Anne Merkel, PGSO manager, said Tuesday that e-mails expressing condolences
and paying tribute to Leung "are coming in from all over the country."

"The e-mails show that Wallace was an inspiration to many, many people.

"As big a loss as it is for us, it all boils down to the fact that a family has
lost a beloved son at such an early age," said Merkel.

Merkel, Parry Hallett, PGSO administrator, and Roberta Williams, PGSO Society
president, will attend the funeral.

Merkel said if it is a "traditional Chinese funeral, protocol is to dress in
dark colours." Don't wear red, or pink or other bright colours.

The following offers a sprinkling of the e-mails received, but those interested
can view them all by visiting the Web site at www.pgso.com

- Dr. Charles Demuynck, D.M.A from Toronto writes, "We're greatly saddened by
this sudden, tragic loss. Canada's musical community is diminished by his loss."

- Michael Reason, a previous PGSO music director, from Hamilton said, "The music
world needs the kind of energy and community spirit that Wallace seemed to
embody and his untimely passing makes our artistic world more diminished as a
result."

- Bramwell Tovey of the Vancouver Symphony Orchestra said the VSO will dedicate
one of its upcoming concerts to Leung's memory

- Karl Stobbe, former Prince George music student now with the Winnipeg Symphony
Orchestra writes," Not being able to play with the PGSO under Wallace's baton
will always remain one of my great regrets."

- Broek Bosma, Prince George resident studying conducting in Switzerland, said
with Wallace "the idea was that nothing is unlearnable, unachievable,
impossible."

Merkel, Parry Hallett, PGSO administrator, and Roberta Williams, PGSO Society
president, will attend the funeral.

Merkel said if it is a "traditional Chinese funeral, protocol is to dress in
dark colours." Don't wear red, or pink or other bright colours.

"Family members wear different coloured arm bands and ribbons to signify their
position in the family."

"Chinese love to have flowers at their funerals, and as people leave the service
they are given an envelope with a loonie and two candies," Merkel said. "When
you eat the candies you are to think sweet thoughts of the departed, and the
loonie is a significant thank you for attending and an offering of good fortune
for your family."

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2002 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               New York Observer

                                 June 18, 2001

Timothy McVeigh

BYLINE: NYO Staff

SECTION: POLITICS[OPINIONS] Editorials, Pg. 4

LENGTH: 963 words


Timothy McVeigh is dead. Has justice been done? The President thinks so, and so
do many of the parents and family members who lost loved ones in the odious
crime McVeigh committed in Oklahoma City. There are no doubts about his guilt;
McVeigh was unrepentant. He was the perfect case for those who favor
state-sponsored executions.

His act of mass murder ended the lives of nearly 200 people and diminished the
lives of hundreds more. His execution, conducted in the name of the people of
the United States, diminished us all. The death penalty is barbaric; the
enthusiasm for it is uncivilized. The Europeans have it exactly right. A society
that claims to value life cannot then kill and call it justice. As George
Bernard Shaw said, "Murder and capital punishment are not opposites that cancel
one another, but similars that breed their kind."

By strapping McVeigh to a gurney and filling his veins with poison, we descended
to a level of morality unbecoming a great nation. Almost alone among modern
democracies, we ludicrously embrace the death penalty as a deterrent -- which it
is not -- and as a way of achieving justice. There is no justice in killing
people who have killed, only crude retribution. The survivors of McVeigh's
victims still awake every morning with a void in their lives. If there is some
grim satisfaction in the knowledge that McVeigh has had his life cut short, it
will be short-lived.

The wounds McVeigh inflicted are beyond earth's healing powers. They bleed
still, even though Timothy McVeigh now is nothing but ashes. Would that
Americans could say we held ourselves to a higher moral authority than did this
detestable man.

The Puerto Rican Day Charade

It is curious that this year's Puerto Rican Day Parade, held on June 10, was
pronounced a glowing success by the city's media outlets, such as The New York
Times, and by elected officials, such as Mayor Rudolph Giuliani and Senator
Hillary Rodham Clinton. Of course, measured against last year's parade, in which
50 women were victims of sexual attacks, news of which spread worldwide and did
incalculable damage to New York's reputation as a safe tourist destination, this
year's parade could be considered a "success" -- if, that is, one's definition
of "success" is any public event that does not turn into a riot. But by any
other standard, the parade, once again, only served to debase the city and those
whose heritage the parade purports to honor.

New York's Puerto Rican Day Parade has become a macho mix of bad manners and
disgusting conduct that seems to have only one imperative: to trash the city,
particularly Central Park and Fifth Avenue, which by noon resemble a slovenly
garbage heap. It is unlike any other parade -- be it Jewish, Irish, Italian,
West Indian -- and one wonders why the Hispanic community, which has contributed
so much to New York and has much to be proud of, chooses to single itself out
and create a day in the city that is as revolting an exhibition of the human
condition as one could imagine, a day when many New Yorkers choose to be out of
town. The millions of dollars it costs the city in cleanup is probably small,
relative to the revenue lost when tourists from all over the world make sure
they are not in the city that day.

And once again, the parade was not without criminal incident. Seven women
reported being victims of sex attacks. Several men were arrested for assault,
and 63 motorcycles were confiscated. And later, several hundred parade-goers who
ended up in the Bronx threw bottles at police, surrounded and started rocking a
city bus, and set fire to trash cans and a car. The fact that the parade route
was spared such mayhem may only have been because the city deployed 6,000 police
officers to line the route. What does it say about a parade when a small army is
required to keep order?

The past several years have shown that many of those attending the Puerto Rican
Day Parade regard Fifth Avenue and Central Park as nothing but good places to
throw their trash. City officials, wary of alienating voters, are complicit in
denying the degree of damage done each year. One step would be to hold the
parade in a more contextual setting, in a neighborhood where the parade would
reinforce the existing community fabric and benefit local businesses
economically. The sponsors should explore other locations, such as the Grand
Concourse in the Bronx, Northern Boulevard in Queens or the Lower East Side --
why not have the parade on First Avenue, from 23rd Street down to Houston
Street, with a party at the East River Park?

Surely a parade that truly reflects the pride and dignity of the city's
residents of Puerto Rican descent is something which can be achieved.

Capriati, the Comeback Kid

When she was 14 years old, Jennifer Capriati made it to the semifinals of the
French Open. She was a teen sensation; great things were ahead of her on the
court. But then, famously, her life fell apart, and her name moved from the
sports pages to the gossip pages: marijuana possession, shoplifting, drug rehab.
But last weekend she was back on the French clay, and this time, at 25, she took
home the title, her second Grand Slam win of the year. After dispatching Serena
Williams and Martina Hingis, Ms. Capriati beat 18-year-old Belgian Kim Clijsters
with blinding ground strokes and gritty endurance to become the first American
woman to win the French title since Chris Evert did it in 1986.

Ms. Capriati's comeback, which she began in 1996, has built to this shining
moment. Three years ago, she was ranked 101st in the world; now she is ranked
fourth. In a few weeks she will be on the grass at Wimbledon, where she and
Venus Williams are the favorites. But her true victory is already won.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2001 The New York Observer, L.P.


                              808 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                           February 14, 1998 Saturday
                                  City Edition

Bills propose execution changes

BYLINE: MARTHA STODDARD, LINCOLN JOURNAL STAR

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 457 words


Nebraska should ban the "terrible evil" of ex- ecuting the mentally retarded,
members of the Judiciary Committee were told Friday.  Death penalty opponents
and advocates for people with mental retardation joined forces to testify for
LB1266, introduced by Lincoln Sen. Don Wesely and Omaha Sen.

John Hilgert.  The bill was heard along with LB1308, which would change the
method of execution in Nebras- ka from electrocution to lethal injection.  Tom
Riley of Omaha, speaking for the Nebras- ka Defense Attorneys Association,
likened LB1266 to the current state law banning execu- tions of minors. It would
ban the execution of peo- ple whose mental age falls around 10 or 11. "I cannot
for the life of me imagine anyone coming up here and saying we want to execute
mentally retarded people," Riley said. Dick Brannian, vice president of the Arc
of Nebraska, said evidence shows that people with mental retardation may not
fully understand their rights and, in some cases, have been pres- sured into
admitting crimes they didn't commit.  Despite their diminished mental capacity,
people with mental retardation have been exe- cuted in other states, he said,
including six in 1995. State laws, like Nebraska's, which make "men- tal defect"
a potential mitigating factor in sen- tencing, have not prevented those
executions, Omaha Sen. Ernie Chambers said.  Last year, Chambers convinced
fellow law- makers to add a ban on executing mentally re- tarded people to a
bill that would make it more likely for people to get the death penalty for
kill- ing a law enforcement officer. That bill remains on final reading.  Laurie
Smith Camp of the state attorney gen- eral's office urged the committee to leave
Ne- braska law as is. LB1266 is unnecessary because state law already allows
people to bring in evi- dence of diminished mental capacity during the
sentencing phase, she said. The bill also would create "burdensome and costly"
appeals and is "insulting" to mentally re- tarded people by assuming that they
cannot tell right from wrong, Smith Camp said.  In response to questions from
committee members, she said it is possible that a person with mental retardation
could be executed in Ne- braska. But she refused to answer whether she, or
Attorney General Don Stenberg, believed that would be moral or right.  Sen.
Kermit Brashear of Omaha introduced LB1308, saying he was convinced after a sum-
mer's worth of hearings that electrocution was an inhumane method of putting
people to death.  Only five states use the electric chair as the sole method of
imposing death, Brashear said, while most other states and the federal govern-
ment use lethal injection. The Humane Society even prohibits electrocution of
animals as in- humane, he said.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1998 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Irish Times

                            November 11, 2016 Friday

Trump is no role model for our children

BYLINE: Noel Whelan

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 782 words


Reacting on RTÉ's Morning Ireland to Donald Trump's election as United States
president on Wednesday, one commentator based in New York quoted an adage
popular in the US Senate about how dramatic political happenings never turn out
to be truly as bad or as good as they are immediately perceived. He expressed
the hope that Trump's election, which appeared catastrophic to many outside the
US, may in time not prove as disastrous as initially feared.

The senators' adage derives from the ancient observation that material
conditions, positive or negative, are temporary, summed up in the phrase: "This
too shall pass." The Trump presidency will pass but is set to last at least four
years. That gives him a lot of time and power to do a lot of harm.

The careful tone which president-elect Trump, Hillary Clinton, President Barack
Obama and House of Representatives Speaker Paul Ryan struck in their first
speeches after the election augurs well for an orderly transition. The relative
calm of the initial response from the stock markets also offers a sliver of
hope.

Former Federal Reserve chairman Alan Greenspan observed on the BBC programme
Newsnight that global markets appeared to share the view of many in the US that
Trump may be merely an actor playing the part of a divisive candidate and may
settle down to be a more sober and moderate president.

 Diminished There can be no doubt, however, that Trump's

election has deeply damaged the global standing of the US. Trump managed to
convince half of his country's voters that he would "make America great again".
From outside, however, the US looks diminished.

US presidential elections can have dramatic political, diplomatic and economic
consequences internationally, especially in the western world, including
Ireland. They also have an impact on our wider public consciousness. US
presidents are large figures in our popular culture and sometimes have even been
icons.

Occasionally the occupants of the White House have been popular villains on this
side of the Atlantic, as were Richard Nixon and, to a lesser extent, George W
Bush. More often than not, US presidents are seen by us as heroes.

Anyone interested in history will see Abraham Lincoln and Franklin D Roosevelt
as heroic figures. For our parents' generation the election of John F Kennedy
was an iconic representation of how there were no limits to what an Irish person
or a Catholic could achieve.

Anyone of our generation wishing to direct our children to real heroes and
strong role models could point them to Obama's life story - his eloquence, his
intelligence and his political optimism are all qualities they should seek to
emulate. We could identify Obama as an example of how one can succeed through
hard work, study and personal effort. He rose from relatively humble beginnings,
from within the US's most oppressed minority and from outside the wealthy
political classes - in his case, to the most powerful office. Obama espoused
what we felt was best in public values.

The next incumbent of the White House is no role model. During the last 18
months of the election campaign Trump has been vulgar, abusive, anti-immigrant,
misogynistic and narcissistic and he has been elected despite this. We now have
to warn our children that there is nothing about the man, who from January will
be the world's most prominent politician, which they should seek to emulate. He
is everything we don't want our children to want to be.

Ireland's relationship with the US is shaped primarily by ethnic and family
ties. The US has been the largest recipient of our emigrants. It has influenced
much of our culture in the modern media age. We also now share strong economic
ties. Trump's policy on reducing corporate tax and containing globalisation may
threaten some of those economic ties.

Invitation

The Clinton and Obama visits to Ireland cemented a sense of political closeness
between our countries. Notwithstanding the fact that Trump has already extended
the traditional invitation to the Taoiseach to present a bowl of shamrock at the
White House on St Patrick's Day, our relations with Trump will not be as close.
So be it.

There is no reason, for example, why Enda Kenny should apologise for correctly
characterising some of Trump's views as racist and dangerous. There is no need
for us to mute or edit our true views of Trump or to forget his many noxious
utterances and views. We can continue to be close to the US and its people
without having to pander to the peculiarities of their new president. Ireland
can and will adjust to the shifts that come with a Trump presidency. There is no
reason why we can't do it in a way that maintains our integrity and
self-respect.

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Irish Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                    February 15, 2003 Saturday Final Edition

Houston, we have a problem

SOURCE: The Edmonton Journal

BYLINE: Todd Babiak

SECTION: ed; Todd Babiak; Pg. D5

LENGTH: 637 words

At the grocery store checkout stand, we learn that Saddam Hussein is throwing
Christians to the lions. We learn that Rosie O'Donnell is fatter than ever, and
that sources close to the star are "concerned." One of Canada's best non-fiction
booksellers is for sale because no one bought brainy books in December. At
dinner parties across the country tonight, people will drink a little too much
red wine and admit they don't read newspapers or watch serious television news.
"It's depressing," they will say, and conversation will veer back to the
foundations of contemporary Western culture. The final episode of Joe
Millionaire is this Monday night. Isn't that guy's hair bad? Those women think
he's rich but he's poor!

Friends, these are dumb times. As in all dumb times, participatory democracy is
in peril.

Adults are bombarded by cheap, sex-obsessed entertainment when they should be
more informed than ever.

Children are trapped in front of their television sets, eating Doritos and
learning about which pimple creams to buy. Teaching a child to read has always
been demanding. Teaching them to love reading in 2003, and to crave knowledge
for its own sake, is an extreme sport.

The Alberta government has plenty of worthy funding and investment options.
Video-lottery terminals need updating. Members of the Legislative Assembly need
SUVs. However, given the remarkable performance of global oil prices, it seems
an important time to increase our investment in education.

This week, responding to funding pressures, U of A Dean of Arts Daniel Woolf
reduced enrolment and said the faculty will lose 30 full-time positions over the
next few years. A diminished research university makes for a diminished city and
a diminished province, but we can't be wasting money on these sophisticated
academic frivolities when there's a Kyoto accord to reject.

After a fair wage increase for teachers last year, the Edmonton Public School
Board has a $13.5-million deficit. Learning Minister Lyle Oberg says there will
be no more money for schools, and since boards aren't allowed to have deficits,
several teachers will have to look into other employment options. Petroleum
engineering, for example, or the planning of ugly new subdivisions.

Class sizes will increase and the teachers who stay will get tired and grow to
hate their jobs, their children, and sexual reproduction in general.

Bright graduates of the U of A Faculty of Education, armed with the most current
pedagogical methods, will move to Houston. According to recruiters from Houston,
Alberta has the best teachers in North America. According to the Alberta
government: "Young teachers, go to Houston."

We're doing OK here. The debt isn't a problem anymore, and the U.S. will need
our energy at least until the colonization of the Middle East is complete. We're
all proud to see that people from across the country are moving to Alberta for
jobs in the oilfield and ugly home-construction industries, and it seems a
little odd that we're welcoming them with bulging classrooms and reduced
programs for clever and special-needs children.

If we want to remain an economic and intellectual force in Canada and around the
world, if we want our kids to read and exercise and understand long division, if
we want an egalitarian society where children from different cultures and
socio-economic groups learn together, it's worth $13.5 million. It's worth $135
million. A province of well-educated and informed citizens is, in the parlance
of Valentine's Day diamond-sellers, priceless.

None of this is a problem in Houston. In Houston, and many other cities in the
U.S., students and parents gave up on public universities and public school
systems a long time ago.

Parents of the future, start saving.

tbabiak@thejournal.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Journal Stock; (Stairs)

TYPE: Business; Column

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                  Korea Times

                            July 12, 2000, Wednesday

[New Horizon Dogfight on US Vice Presidential Nomination

LENGTH: 690 words


   In the U.S., the presidential election campaign, the greatest race on earth'
, has been in full swing. Al Gore, the Democratic candidate, has pulled himself
up during the last couple of months and is racing neck and neck against George
W. Bush, the Republican candidate. Gore is even running ahead of Bush by a
slight margin in some polls and the prospect for the final outcome of the
presidential race in November is totally clouded. No one at this juncture can
predict for certain the winner of the election.

To boost his popularity, Bush is quietly reviewing a long list of prospective
candidates for his running mate in terms of financial and medical information,
their stands on major issues, as well as biographies. The major criteria are
whether the person is qualified to be president, can the person be an added
value to his administration and loyal to the administration.

Colin L. Powell, former Joint Chiefs of Staff chairman, Senator John McCain of
Arizona and John C. Danforth, former Missouri senator, all ruled themselves out
to be considered as candidate.

Elizabeth Dole, wife of 1996 GOP nominee Robert J. Dole, was signaled several
times for a possibility by Bush, but her chances as a serious contender are
dismissed lately by many Republican professionals.

Tom Ridge, Pennsylvania governor, had been considered a leading candidate in
view of the close relationship he has had with Bush since 1994. But Ridge's
prospects have diminished considerably because of his support for abortion
rights and because of the criticism he has drawn from leaders of the Roman
Catholic Church. Ridge was portrayed as a threat to Republican ideological
purity. Religious conservative leaders have warned the Bush campaign that
choosing Ridge would result in a strong objection from them.

With Ridge's diminished prospect for nomination as Bush's running mate, Frank A.
Keating, Oklahoma governor, has emerged as an alternative candidate replacing
Ridge. Keating, a former FBI official, received high praise for his handling of
the bombing of the federal building in Oklahoma City in 1995, is a strong
opponent of abortion and a Roman Catholic. Although Bush and Keating come from
neighboring states, it is no longer considered a strong obstacle since President
Clinton proved that geographical balance is not an absolute condition when he
picked fellow southerner Al Gore as his running mate eight years ago.

A possible nomination for Chuck Hagel, senator from Nebraska, has been severely
objected to by majority leader Trent Lott (Republican senator from Mississippi).
Lott questioned Hagel's political reliability by reminding that Hagel had
endorsed Bush in 1999 only to switch later and back John McCain. Another
possible vice presidential contender, George W. Voinovich, senator from Ohio,
has been denounced by anti-tax groups in the GOP on the grounds that Voinovich
raised taxes during his tenure as governor in Ohio.

On the Democratic side, Senator Eyam Bayh of Indiana received a brutal, stunning
assault recently. Bayh, an abortion rights supporter and committed to equal
rights for women, was portrayed as an enemy of the women's movement by Patricia
Ireland, president of the National Organization for Woman (NOW). His prospects
for becoming Gore's running mate almost evaporated.

When word leaked that Gore might consider Joseph I. Lieberman, a senator from
Connecticut, the National Education Association (NEA), one of the strongest
interest parties in the Democratic Party, set in motion to block Lieberman
because he had been a supporter of school vouchers, over the objection of the
NEA. But the negative campaign against Lieberman has been temporarily halted by
the NEA president.

The office of vice president stands next in line to become president in case the
president is incapacitated. This year, in view of delicate balance of the
strength of the two presidential candidates in the polls, the selection of vice
presidential candidate has carried special significance because it may render a
decisive influence on the final outcome of the presidential election.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                          Copyright 2000 Hankook Ilbo


                              812 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                  September 24, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Jimmy Carter 'embarrassed' by Clinton: Democrat says president 'has not been
truthful'

BYLINE: MIKE FEINDILBER AND HUGO GURDON; ASSOCIATED PRESS; THE DAILY TELEGRAPH

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. B1 / Front

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Within 24 hours, two former U.S. presidents -- Jimmy Carter expansively, George
Bush reluctantly -- breached a longstanding presidential custom that says once
you've occupied the office, you don't publicly criticize those who follow.

Mr. Carter joined the ranks of Bill Clinton's critics Tuesday night after
assailing him for lying to the grand jury in the Monica Lewinsky sex-and-coverup
scandal. The Democrat ex-president, who swept to power in the aftermath of
Watergate by promising voters, "I will never lie to you," said he believed Mr.
Clinton would be impeached but would survive a vote in the Senate to remove him
from office.

"As one of the very few leaders who have served in the White House, I have
deplored and been deeply embarrassed by what has occurred there," Mr. Carter,
73, told students at Emory University, Georgia. "My own opinion is that the
president has not been truthful in the deposition given in the Paula Jones
(sexual harassment) case or in the interrogation by the grand jury."

In his 16th annual question-and-answer session with Emory students in Atlanta,
Mr. Carter predicted the House of Representatives would vote to impeach Mr.
Clinton but the Senate would not "marshal the two-thirds vote that will be
required to remove the president."

Mr. Bush, 74, was far more restrained in his assessment of Mr. Clinton's
predicament, saying on NBC's Today show yesterday that he had no desire "to be
out there carping away."

The Republican ex-president insisted was reluctant to criticize or second-guess
Mr. Clinton because "he's got enough critics out there now." But finally,
pressed to comment on whether Mr. Clinton had "diminished" the office of
president, Mr. Bush said, "I'm afraid, for now, it has been diminished." He
quickly added that the presidency is strong, "bigger than any one person."

Beyond that, he said, he did not want to say what may be "in my heart" out of
fear of putting his sons on the spot. Jeb Bush is running for governor of
Florida and George W. Bush is seeking re-election as governor of Texas and may
become a candidate for the GOP presidential nomination in 2000.

Former president Gerald Ford, 85, who succeeded Richard Nixon after he resigned
in 1974, and who was defeated in 1976 by Mr. Carter, has generally kept his
silence about Mr. Clinton.

In fact, last June, six months after the Lewinsky affair first became public,
Mr. Ford used a Washington speech to criticize House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a
fellow Republican, as excessively partisan.

By comparison with his Republican counterparts, Mr. Carter was outspoken in his
Atlanta remarks Tuesday night.

But while slamming Mr. Clinton over the Lewinsky affair, Mr. Carter also
criticized "the reaction to it, the overemphasis of it, the matter in which a
very serious political and legal issue has been addressed."

Mr. Clinton's 1996 opponent, former Sen. Robert Dole, does not have to abide by
the traditions of the ex-presidents club since he never made it to the White
House. In a radio interview on Tuesday, Mr. Dole was asked if Mr. Clinton was
morally fit for his office. "I think it's a close call," he replied.

In July, when the Clinton White House was resisting efforts by Mr. Starr to get
Secret Service agents to testify, Mr. Bush sided with Mr. Clinton while Mr.
Carter and Mr. Ford said agents should testify in criminal cases.

In his Emory remarks, Carter predicted the presidency and the country would
survive this "embarrassing circumstance."

"Nothing fatal has been done," he said. "Our nation is the finest democracy on
Earth, and one of the finest aspects of it is that our problems are, in effect,
self-healing, or self-correcting when a mistake is made."

Mr. Carter has long had a prickly relationship with Mr. Clinton, and though they
are members of the same party, the two could hardly be more different. The
former is a dour, moralistic and serious-minded man who took the blame for
oil-shock inflation and national malaise. Mr. Clinton is an acknowledged rogue,
an

upbeat populist and a man buoyed by credit for low inflation and a strong
economy.

Mr. Carter was blamed for damaging his office by his desiccated approach to it,
but he was never accused of debasing it with deceit and corruption.

"I would say a lot of damage has been done," Carter said of Clinton's tenure,
"but not in any case fatal or permanent damage . . . Even though he (Clinton)
will be damaged in his moral reputation and perhaps his influence with the
Congress and

maybe with the American people, our nation will survive."

The former president also predicted his successor would stay in office until the
scheduled end of his second term, in January 2001.

"The majority of the people, when polled, do not want President Clinton removed
from office," Mr. Carter said.

"My own belief, not based on any inside information, is that the House judiciary
committee will recommend to the entire House of Representatives that impeachment
proceedings be held, that a hearing be held, and because of the highly partisan
alignment within the House and because Republicans have the majority, I think it
is likely -- more than a 50-50 chance -- that the House will vote impeachment."

But he said he did not believe the Senate would vote to oust Mr. Clinton from
office.



LOAD-DATE: September 25, 1998

LENGTH: 895 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 8, 1997 Saturday

TRUTH & RUMOURS WILLIAM HOUSTON'S WORLD OF SPORT  Against expansion

BYLINE: William Houston

SECTION: SPORTS COLUMN; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 695 words


The National Hockey League's plans to expand will be ratified in the summer, but
a group of prominent owners continues to oppose the addition of more teams.

The Boston Bruins' Jeremy Jacobs and the Chicago Blackhawks' Bill Wirtz, in
addition to other league governors, feel expansion will inflate player salaries
by at least 20 per cent, nullifying any windfall from expansion that would be
shared by the NHL's existing clubs.

Expansion fees, $75-million (U.S.) per franchise, will be divided equally among
the league's 26 clubs.

"There is a feeling that some of the new franchise owners, particularly the
Times Warner, Turner Broadcasting group in Atlanta, will aggressively sign free
agents," an executive said. "That will result in salaries across the board
skyrocketing. Any money the Canadian teams think they're going to pocket from
expansion will be wiped out by increased player contracts."

Short shelf life

The Hot Stove by Satellite panel on Hockey Night in Canada is a ratings hit, but
it is also a cause for anxiety among producers. The problem is the show's lead
time. It's taped at 6 p.m. (Eastern) on Saturday but does not reach the air
until after 9 p.m., during the second intermission.

Said a CBC producer: "A lot can happen in three hours [a trade, game
developments]. The longer you go into the night, things can get stale very
quickly. We just keep our fingers crossed and hope that nothing happens to
change the story line."

A live show is impossible because the panelists are working journalists and
broadcasters who are usually on the job when the show is broadcast.

HNIC will continue to carry Toronto Maple Leaf games nationally, but if the
Leafs fall out of playoff contention, distribution of late-season games probably
would be limited to Ontario.

"I think, practically, we might have to change the distribution for the national
audience if a game involving Montreal or Ottawa is more important," said John
Shannon, the executive producer of HNIC. "We haven't looked too closely at the
situation and we're not going to make a knee-jerk decision."

Decline of hockey

Canadian television people (producers, on-air personalities) are quietly
expressing concern over the calibre of entertainment produced by the NHL.

In pure skill, the level of play is low. There is little offence and mediocrity
pervades the league. The NHL no longer has a dominant, marquee team and has not
had one since 1988 (the Edmonton Oilers).

Why has the quality of play diminished?

Expansion and escalating player salaries. Only three or four teams have more
than two star players on their roster.

Scrum hockey (holding, hooking, interference) is condoned by the league and
makes it impossible for star players to perform.

The talent level of Canadian players has diminished.

The league refuses to widen the ice surface, which would give the skilled
players more room to work.
    Nothing can be done about expansion and player salaries, but the other
issues can be addressed. The league listens to broadcasters, particularly U.S.
networks, but, one insider says, "Fox Sports seems more interested in gimmicks
[a glowing puck, four quarters to replace three periods] than maintaining the
essential qualities of a great game."

NFL rule change

The National Football League will discontinue its rule restricting cross
ownership of major-league sports teams. Wayne Huizenga has owned both the NFL's
Miami Dolphins and NHL's Florida Panthers for almost four years. He also owns
major-league baseball's Florida Marlins. Lamar Hunter, owner of the NFL Kansas
City Chiefs, is among a group seeking an NHL franchise in Columbus, Ohio.

Wayne Gretzky and wife Janet Jones appear on the cover of the latest issue of
the U.S. magazine Cigar. Janet is holding a stogie.

Dick Grimm, the retiring commissioner of the Canadian Professional Golf
Association Tour, told media representatives in Edmonton that Alberta is the
best of all the Canadian provinces for golf. "I'll get a blast from some of my
friends in Ontario for these words," he said, "but I'm saying them anyway."
Truth and Rumours can be reached by phone (416) 585-5335; fax (416) 585-5290;
E-mail  truth@GlobeAndMail.ca

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1997 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 12, 2010 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Marcel Lapierre, 60, Beaujolais Producer

BYLINE: By ERIC ASIMOV

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Obituary; Pg. 29

LENGTH: 672 words


Marcel Lapierre, a Beaujolais grower and producer who played a leading role in
rejuvenating the diminished reputation of the region's wines, died Sunday in
Lyon, France. He was 60.

The cause of death was melanoma, said Kermit Lynch, the American importer of his
wines. Mr. Lapierre was a rigorous, relentlessly experimental winemaker. He and
a group of three other producers were instrumental in demonstrating to the world
that Beaujolais had far more to offer than its often insipid mass-market nouveau
wines.

Rather than these fruity, happy-go-lucky concoctions, Mr. Lapierre and his
colleagues, Jean Foillard, Guy Breton and Jean-Paul Thevenet, produced wines of
depth, nuance and purity that nonetheless retained the joyous nature of
Beaujolais.

Mr. Lynch remembered the first time he tasted a Lapierre Morgon, from the 1989
vintage. ''That bottle was so convincing to me,'' he said on Monday. ''He and
his gang were so different from everything going on.''

Mr. Lynch long ago called Mr. Lapierre and his like-minded colleagues the Gang
of Four. The name stuck, even as the loose group of friends came to include many
more than four.

Mr. Lapierre was born April 17, 1950, into a country exhausted by two world
wars. When salesmen appeared, offering new, labor-saving technologies, chemical
fertilizers, herbicides and pesticides, many vignerons did not require much
convincing to cast aside the labor-intensive traditions of generations. The
result was a sort of banalization of Beaujolais.

The problems for the region were eventually made worse by the growing popularity
of Beaujolais nouveau. When Mr. Lapierre took over his family's domain in Villie
Morgon in 1973, the quaint harvest custom of making a new wine for immediate
consumption was about to explode into a worldwide phenomenon. By the end of the
1970s, with the aid of aggressive promotion, cities from London to New York to
Tokyo would be counting the minutes until the third Thursday of each November,
the official release date, when wine shops could unveil the stored cache and
proclaim, ''Le Beaujolais nouveau est arrive.''

The popularity of nouveau tilted the priorities of the region. As more and more
Beaujolais production went into nouveau, growers no longer made a pretense of
striving for quality. When the market for nouveau diminished, growers in the
lesser regions of Beaujolais were stuck with an oversupply of poor wine, and the
public was stuck with an image of vapid wine meant to be drunk immediately.

In the 1970s, Mr. Lapierre made his wines in the conventional manner of the
times. But by 1981 he had come under the influence of Jules Chauvet, a
Beaujolais wine dealer and scientist who advocated avoiding the use of chemicals
as far as possible. Mr. Lapierre adopted organic viticulture, decided he would
no longer add yeast to induce fermentation, and reduced or eliminated the amount
of sulfur dioxide he would add to the wine.

Sulfur dioxide has been used as a preservative in wine for centuries, but can
alter the experience of a wine, the way viewing a work of art through glass
differs from a direct view. Used in excess, it can mask a range of sins, and
many leading winemakers today try to use as little as possible. But to use no
sulfur is risky and requires absolute rigor in shipping and storing the wines.

''It affects the very shape of the wine,'' said Mr. Lynch, who does not buy wine
without sulfur from any producer other than Mr. Lapierre. ''The wine with no SO2
is very voluptuous and rounded. With SO2 it's very squared-off to me.''

In recent years Mr. Lapierre's son, Mathieu, had taken over winemaking duties
for his father. Mr. Lapierre is also survived by his wife, Marie, and two
daughters, Camille and Anne.

Why had he changed his methods in 1981?

''Because the wines I made didn't satisfy me, and the wines from elsewhere that
I liked weren't made in the modern style,'' he told the quarterly The Art of
Eating in 2004.

''I'm just making the wine of my father and grandfather,'' he said, ''but I'm
trying to make it a little better.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

NAME: Marcel Lapierre

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Marcel Lapierre served a glass of his Beaujolais at his stand
during the Omnivore festival in February in Deauville, France. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
KENZO TRIBOUILLARD/AGENCE FRANCE-PRESSE -- GETTY IMAGES)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Obituary (Obit); Biography

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              815 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           February 9, 1989 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

A LOVE THAT IS A LETHAL DELUSION

BYLINE: RUTH DEWSBURY, Medical Reporter

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 566 words


When she looks the other way, he thinks she's shy. If she doesn't answer his
calls, he thinks she's trying to make him jealous.

She may never have met him, yet he is convinced she loves him from afar.

Erotomania - defined by one Sydney psychiatrist as a chronic illness in which
sufferers imagine another person is in love with them - is a term rarely heard
in Australian courts.

But according to a Sydney forensic psychiatrist, Dr Hugh Jolly, the condition
was at least partly responsible for the shooting of Cheryl Nairn, 18, of
Condoblin, on New Year's Day, 1988.

Roy Goolagong, 38, also of Condoblin, was sentenced to 15 years' jail last week
in the Supreme Court, having been found guilty, not of murder, but of
manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

Goolagong allegedly suffered from the delusion that the girl had asked him out
and then snubbed him.

There is considerable debate in the psychiatric community about whether
erotomania constitutes an "abnormality of the mind" in itself and justifies
grounds of diminished responsibility. That debate was unresolved at the
Goolagong trial.

"I personally look askance on erotomania, on its own, being an abnormality of
the mind," said another Sydney psychiatrist, Dr William Barclay.

"It is not a phrase I generally use, as it is a condition that sometimes occurs
in patients who have a major diagnosis of paranoid schizophrenia."

It was often not an overtly sexual fixation, he said.

The condition has been used twice in psychiatric defence in the United States,
according to Dr Jolly - at the trial of President Reagan's would-be assassin
John Hinckley in 1981 and in the 1969 Tarasoff case.

In the former case, Hinckley was said to be driven by delusions about the young
actress Jodie Foster. The latter involved the killing of a University of
California teenager by a fellow student.

Dr Jolly says the illness, which can affect both men and women, has been known
as psychose passionelle and as "old maid's folly", associated with the feelings
elderly women sometimes held for men "of greater rank than themselves".

Dr Jolly told the Goolagong trial last year that a feature of erotomania was
that "part of the feelings of warmth and love change to anger and hatred as a
consequence of the feelings not being followed through".

Other symptoms included feelings of being in love with another person and the
belief that the "loved one", who was usually of a "higher rank", fell in love
with them first and made the first advances.

According to a 1985 paper in the British Journal of Psychiatry, Dr Jolly said,
only 53 cases of erotomania had been reported in the English-speaking world
between 1966 and 1983.

Because it most often presented as a symptom complex of paranoid schizophrenia,
its treatment relied on successful treatment of the underlying disease.

Capgras Syndrome was another rare presentation of paranoid schizophrenia,
involving delusional misidentification, Dr Jolly said. The patient often
believed people he knew or lived with were actually impostors, deliberately
deluding him.

Ganser Syndrome, an extremely rare form of hysterical dissociation similar to
shell shock, had also been used in forensic psychiatry to establish the
condition of automatism, Dr Jolly said.

However, automatism, when the subject had absolutely no recollection of his or
her actions, was "extraordinarily difficult to talk about or prove in court".

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1989 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           September 3, 2011 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Minneapolis sees diminished clout at Capitol

BYLINE: ERIC ROPER; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 913 words



HIGHLIGHT: After a slew of retirements, whoever replaces departing Sen. Linda
Berglin will have few allies in the Legislature.


These are tough times to represent Minneapolis at the state Legislature.

A slew of candidates in south Minneapolis is vying to replace 38-year Capitol
veteran Linda Berglin, whose departure from the Senate this summer prompted a
special election with a DFL primary set for Sept. 13. But whoever gets the job
will face stiff obstacles in a body where Minneapolis' clout has taken a dive.

A year after Minneapolis claimed both the Speaker of the House and Senate
Majority Leader as its own, Republicans used their 2010 wins to wage war on
several key funding streams for the DFL-dominated city this session. The city's
diminished standing was compounded by the resignations of former Speaker
Margaret Anderson Kelliher and Berglin, two major blows to the delegation's
seniority.

"We're a target," said Sen. Linda Higgins, who represents parts of downtown and
north Minneapolis. "We're the biggest city. We're misunderstood by a lot of our
colleagues. We're a liberal city and liberals are not in charge."

Higgins recalled that when she joined the Legislature in 1997, her five
Minneapolis colleagues in the Senate were all committee chairs. Four have since
retired.

Republican majorities wasted no time this year taking advantage of the new
political landscape.

They passed budget bills gradually eliminating local government aid (LGA) for
DFL strongholds of Minneapolis, St. Paul and Duluth -- funding that amounted to
about 14 percent of Minneapolis' general fund budget this year. They also voted
to gut an education funding stream that largely benefited the Twin Cities and
cut $109 million from transit funding.

In the end, DFL Gov. Mark Dayton blocked most of the cuts that
disproportionately targeted the Twin Cities -- a marked change from his less
urban-friendly Republican predecessor, Tim Pawlenty. And several legislators
noted that Minneapolis did capture one key victory in the final budget deal: The
state agreed to take control of two ailing city pension funds.

Rep. Linda Runbeck, who led the charge to phase out aid to the three cities,
said city leaders lack "any sort of self-control" in spending and have enjoyed
powerful allies at the Legislature for many years.

"Before, they could duck behind [former Senate Majority Leader Larry] Pogemiller
or Kelliher and didn't have to answer a legislator's questions," said Runbeck,
R-Circle Pines. "But with Republicans in the chairmanships everywhere, they
can't really duck out."

Minneapolis Mayor R.T. Rybak felt the change firsthand when he testified before
Runbeck's committee in March. During a hearing on the LGA cuts, she cut him off
in the middle of his testimony and invited legislators to ask questions.

"She was extremely unprofessional," Rybak said. "That's not partisan. That was
simply being unwilling to hear responses to her questions."

Rybak added that he met privately with many Republicans at the Legislature to
spell out the city's finances, and he said most were happy to listen.

Gary Carlson, a lobbyist with the League of Minnesota Cities, said it's
important to have members who are seasoned in the legislative process. The loss
of Kelliher and Berglin, the DFL's authority on health care, left a hole in the
delegation.

"Nothing against whoever's elected, but the city won't be represented the way it
was," Carlson said. "And probably not with the knowledge of the process and
ability to get things done."

Several state and local leaders said that to mollify some legislators who think
the city gets too much of the pie, Minneapolis must do a better job marketing
its role as an economic and cultural hub for the state.

"We can't just rely on our political clout to do that anymore," said House
Minority Leader Paul Thissen, whose district covers part of southwest
Minneapolis and Richfield. "We have to make the argument and convince people,
persuade people."

Rybak sees suburban commuters as potential advocates. He said the city should
urge them to "remind their representatives" who are critical of Minneapolis that
non-residents rely on the city's roads, public safety and parks.

"We need to better mobilize the allies. Including the ... more than 200,000
people who work here every day, who come from all over the state," Rybak said.

Minneapolis City Council member Betsy Hodges said the state knows how much it
gives to cities, but needs better information about how much those cities give
back in tax dollars. Most of that comes in the form of sales and property taxes.

"They don't have a clear picture of the way dollars flow from cities to the
state," Hodges said.

Others feel the city's relationship with the state is too unpredictable. Paul
Ostrow, a former council member who is now an assistant Anoka County attorney,
suggests the city should allow its local government aid to be phased out, in
exchange for the ability to raise its own sales tax and unload the Target Center
and the Minneapolis Convention Center onto the state's books.

"To have every two years the potential fate of the city's budget hinge on what
happens in the elections for the House or Senate, it's just not sustainable,"
Ostrow said in an interview.

But Pogemiller, along with other Minneapolis representatives, said that would go
against the spirit of local government aid, which distributes tax dollars to
help cities across the state.

"We do not want to go to a kind of survival of the fittest local government
strategy," Pogemiller said. "Because that won't be good for everybody."

Eric Roper - 651-222-1210 Twitter: @StribRoper

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             The Guardian (London)

                                August 14, 1996

SOCCER: DIMINISHED CITY EXPECT RAPID RETURN;
The gap between Manchester's two clubs is as wide as ever, but Alan Ball senses
a new togetherness in his squad. Michael Walker reports

BYLINE: Michael Walker

SECTION: THE GUARDIAN SPORTS PAGE; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 1160 words


IT IS often said that the difference between success and failure is a thin line.
In relation to Manchester's clubs, however, the notion is either redundant or
having a prolonged break.

There now exists a growing chasm between City and United that was beautifully
encapsulated on that final Sunday of last season when United were flying high on
their way to the Premiership title - and the Double - while City were
experiencing so much turbulence that when they landed they were in a different
league.

The suffering hardly ended there for City. Even before they begin life in the
new Nationwide League on Friday night, at home to Ipswich Town, they have been
given a powerful reminder of their diminished status. On a Saturday when United
played Ajax in a pre-season friendly that reeked of prestige and pedigree, City
faced Scarborough, a fixture that reeked of something equally pungent, but it
was not success.

Last season's failure, however, gives City an opportunity to ease, if not erase,
the pain. Like a racehorse dropped in class they should now start winning games.
That is not an experience their fans have enjoyed often of late.

It took Alan Ball's side 12 games and three months before they managed it last
term - a 1 0 win at home to Bolton in November broke the duck. But City won only
eight more matches and never climbed above 15th place.

Still, they did not go down until the final minutes of the season, and then it
was only because their goal difference was worse than Southampton's and
Coventry's.

"If only" could be City's motto, but it is too late for regrets about what might
have been. Not that there was a downbeat mood at Maine Road yesterday. City's
open day was packed like an Oasis concert at Knebworth.

On what was ostensibly an occasion to launch a new mascot, "Moonchester", the
ground was thronged with sky-blue pilgrims.  An hour before the scheduled 2.30
start there was a queue halfway around the stadium as thousands took the chance
to get closer to their heroes.

In fact at one stage they came too close. When the Georgian midfielder Georgi
Kinkladze came out to stand by his sleek new sponsored car - registration number
GEO - the crowd surged forward causing Kinkladze to hotfoot it across the pitch
to the safety of the tunnel.

Children were running all over the stadium and the head groundsman Stan Gibson
must have been concerned about the state of his pitch. Meanwhile his daughter,
Janice Monk, was under heavy pressure in the club shop. "Sales are up on last
year," she said. "City supporters are the best in the world; unbelievable."

It was a theme taken up by the chairman Francis Lee and manager Ball. "We
thought there'd be about three or four thousand," said Lee, "but we didn't
expect them to ruin the pitch."

Lee's jaunty form set the tone of the day. "I think we'll win more than we did
last year," he said, before nominating the main dangers: "Birmingham and Wolves.
QPR will be difficult, and Bolton should do well. There is a band of about eight
clubs for promotion and a band of eight scrapping not to go down.

"Our form in the second half of last season was a top-10 finish, and a team of
that ability should be able to hold their own. But it will be tough."

Lee indicated that although the club had not bought so much as a goldfish in the
summer, money was available for players.  "But not short-term buys." Besides
which, Ball's opinion is that after the relatively good showing after Christmas
"I feel obliged to give these lads a crack. There is money but I won't buy willy
-nilly".

He is probably not for sale anyway, but Ball senses that after last season's
huge disappointment his players are "coming alive. There is a togetherness there
at the minute".

Ball, an emotional character, admitted it had been a difficult summer both
personally and professionally. "I don't want to go on too long about it but
that's what will drive me on. We're going for it monster, I won't be able to
live with myself if we don't."

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1996 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              818 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Day (New London, Connecticut)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 14, 2013 Monday

Class sizes shrink at Coast Guard Academy

BYLINE: Jennifer McDermott, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1111 words


Jan. 14--NEW LONDON -- While the state of the economy has caused hardships for
many people, at the U.S. Coast Guard Academy it has had one surprisingly
positive effect: cadets are sticking together more and taking care of one
another.

The Coast Guard doesn't need as many new officers because record numbers of
officers are staying in the service instead of venturing out into an uncertain
job market. Last year only half of all captains were allowed to stay in the
service.

Class sizes at the academy have been shrinking. The Class of 2016, which started
at 248 and now stands at 223, is the smallest in more than a decade. The Class
of 2017 is going to be even smaller, with only 235 spots available.

Cadets who break the rules or don't meet the school's standards often are not
getting a second or third chance, as they may have in the past.

Knowing all this, Rear Adm. Sandra L. Stosz said, has brought the cadets closer.
Stosz, the academy's superintendent and a 1982 academy graduate, said when she
was a student, cadets were more on their own.

"When times get tough, and it can be because people know the outside is kind of
hard, they start to bond together," said Stosz. "So I embrace tough economic
times on many fronts. I see the opportunity in it. Our cadets are coming in and
you see their behavior. They really want to be here and they help each other to
make it."

Joe Sullivan-Springhetti, a senior cadet, said he noticed a change about a year
ago.

Last fall cadets were told that they would be dismissed if they didn't pass the
physical fitness tests; before, they had many opportunities to do so. Several
seniors who couldn't pass were dismissed.

"The tolerance that was there is very much diminished today, and mistakes that
may have been forgiven in the past can now be cause for disenrollment,"
Sullivan-Springhetti said.

Now, he says, people are going to the gym in groups to encourage one another.
They're studying together often and looking out for one another more when
they're off campus and could potentially get into trouble and jeopardize their
standing as cadets, he added.

"Things we were doing, we do all the more because we are in this heightened,
vulnerable state," said Sullivan-Springhetti, who is the regimental commander.

There is no target for the number of graduates in each class, said Adm. Robert
J. Papp Jr., the Coast Guard commandant. If 216 students graduate, there will be
216 jobs available, he said.

"There are plenty of good jobs for junior officers out there. And I don't see
that being diminished just yet. We'll find a place to put them to work," said
Papp, who was at the academy Wednesday to give his annual leadership address.

Air Force adjusts

The U.S. Air Force Academy's enrollment is capped at 4,000, yet for several
years it grew to between 4,200 and 4,400 students. In tough economic times, that
is changing, too.

The Class of 2016 had 1,045 spots available, which is down from 1,159 in the
Class of 2015 and 1,293 in the Class of 2014, said John Van Winkle, a spokesman.
Just as at the Coast Guard Academy, cadets who make mistakes are getting fewer
chances.

"Keeping more than 4,000 cadets is not something we wanted to continue when the
Air Force is facing fiscal austerity like the rest of the country," he said.

It made sense to try to keep people in the academies after Sept. 11, 2001, when
the size of the military needed to grow, Stosz said. The number of officers in
the Coast Guard went from about 5,600 in 2001 to 6,800 now. She became the
superintendent in 2011, after nearly a decade of such growth.

"We still hadn't really just taken a breath and realized, 'Oh, now it's getting
different,'" she said.

Stosz said she didn't create new standards; she enforced the existing ones.

"We're not making any efforts to shove people out," she said. "But on the other
hand if they make the choice to get in trouble or not to comply with the
standard, then they do it at their own risk because we don't have the service
need to give them all those chances."

As the economy improves and more people begin to leave the Coast Guard for other
jobs, Stosz said the class sizes at the academy will likely come back up.

Regardless of whether the Coast Guard needs to grow or shrink, Stosz said, she
is firm with cadets who don't adhere to the service's core values of honor,
respect and devotion to duty.

In the spring she called an admiral's mast, a disciplinary hearing, to deal with
a senior cadet who was accused of stealing -- the first time a superintendent
had ever done so. The commandant of cadets normally holds the masts.

That cadet was dismissed. So, too, were a group of junior cadets who went to the
Mohegan Sun casino this fall. At least one of the cadets under 21 was drinking,
and others were caught lying during the investigation.

Nineteen seniors were dismissed last year because of their grades or a conduct
violation. The previous year, only five seniors were dismissed for similar
issues.

It costs about $382,000 to educate and train a cadet for four years, according
to the academy's figures. About 75 percent of students graduate. The Classes of
2011 and 2012 were above average, with 85 percent and 77 percent of cadets
graduating, respectively.

Other service academies make students who leave early repay their tuition. The
Coast Guard Academy gave up the ability to require this years ago, Stosz said.
She's currently looking to get "recoupment power" back.

Stosz said she's optimistic that 2013 will be a year "filled with promise and
possibility."

"I always think if things are a little tough out there, that it just means that
those people who are smarter and more innovative and more driven and determined
are going to find a way through," she said. "That's the kind of attitude I think
we need to take going forward."

Kathleen Romas, a senior cadet, said during this last semester before graduation
her goal is not only to get her work done but also to make sure everyone else in
her division is doing well.

"We all need to hold ourselves to a higher standard right now. Otherwise, we
won't get the chance to do that in the fleet," she said. "It's important that
everyone looks out for each other, especially now."

Sullivan-Springhetti said it has been painful to see some of his classmates
leave early because he wants the entire class to be together to graduate. But,
he said, the Coast Guard should be discerning.

"Having people work harder and commit themselves to the standards," he said,
"will only lead to higher quality people throughout the Coast Guard."

j.mcdermott@theday.com

___ (c)2013 The Day (New London, Conn.) Visit The Day (New London, Conn.) at
www.theday.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130114-NL-Class-sizes-shrink-at-Coast-Guard-Academy-0114-20130114

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2013 The Day


                              819 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           February 17, 2011 Thursday

Behnke ruled competent to stand trial

BYLINE: COURTNEY BLANCHARD TH staff writer cblanchard@wcinet.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 303 words


A Sherrill, Iowa, woman accused of trying to hire a hit man to kill her
ex-husband was ruled competent to stand trial, but her attorney might rely on
the insanity defense. Elizabeth Behnke, 45, appeared in Dubuque County District
Court on Wednesday morning, where attorneys agreed that two independent
psychological evaluations showed she was competent to stand trial. Behnke faces
charges of attempt to commit murder and solicitation to commit murder.

The Dubuque County Sheriff's Department sent an undercover officer to meet with
Behnke in June after she reportedly contacted a friend to find someone willing
to break into the home of her ex-husband, Kenneth Behnke, to pour homemade
poison into his milk jug. Apparently upset over a child custody issue, Behnke
found a recipe on the Internet for a concoction that would cause a death that
looked like a heart attack, according to court documents. Behnke complained of
domestic assault and emotional abuse during her marriage to Kenneth Behnke. They
have two young children and divorced last year. Dubuque public defender Steve
Hodge said that even though he agreed his client is competent to stand trial at
this time, he might use the insanity defense or the diminished capacity defense
during trial. The diminished capacity defense argues that the defendant was in a
mental state unable to produce the intent to commit a crime. When used
successfully, the defendant is usually convicted of a lesser charge. Behnke was
arrested in June, and spent several months at the Oakdale Medical and
Classification Center to undergo psychological evaluation. The months spent
awaiting evaluation did not count toward her 90-day speedy trial period. Hodge
asked the court to set a trial date as soon as possible and Judge Michael
Shubatt agreed - setting a March 14 trial date.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      July 17, 1977, Sunday, Final Edition

The American West: A Dream Turning to Dust?

BYLINE: By Lou Cannon; Cannon, a California native, has just returned to the
state to head The Post's West Coast bureau.

SECTION: Outlook; B1

LENGTH: 1871 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


At Monterey Bay, commercial salmon fishermen return disconsolately with empty
nets.  A hundred miles south on the California coast, the freshwater table has
sunk so far below sea level that town wells have been invaded by salt water.  On
a Los Angeles patio, a swarm of voracious ants envelop a scrap of bone discarded
by the family dog.  On the Great Plains, the thin soil cover is ripped away by
swirling windspouts reminiscent of the Dust Bowl.

"The heart of the West is a desert, unqualified and absolute," the late Walter
Prescott Webb wrote two decades ago in an article that was decided by Westerners
who thought they had conquered their environment.

Now the supposedly vanquished forces of nature have arisen and the desert is
closing in.  Even Californians, long the most favored of Westerners, are
beginning to suspect that the good life may be going, going, gone.  It is a
suspicion which does not prevent 3 of 4 Californians surveyed by pollster Mervin
Field from saying that California remains "one of the best" places to live.  But
a popular gas company billboard in southern California conveys another message.
Across the picture of a man showering, the billboard urges: "Sing shorter
songs."

For a returning Westerner who spent 7 years in what he used to think of as the
effete East, this billboard is a disquieting sign of diminished expectations.

Westerners, even more than other Americans, always thought of themselves as a
people who could do anything.  The example favored in Western textbooks and in
Western schools was of the Mormons, who literally made the desert bloom in the
arid flatlands around the Great Salt Lake.  Those who did not make the desert
bloom, like the Indians who tried to live with it, were always suspect in the
West.  "Develop and conquer" might well have been the motto of the region.

Both the development impulse and the optimism about the good life were strongest
in California where, in the words of Carey McWilliams, "the lights went on all
at once, in a blaze, and they have never been dimmed." Now the optimism has been
diminished by reality and the development slowed down by events.  Along the
California coastline, building has been brought to a near-standstill by the
California Coastal Commissions created by vote of the people in 1972.

A real estate saleswoman, explaining the location of various homesites to a
prospective buyer in a California coastal town, says matter-of-factly, "I assume
you don't want to build before 1980 at the earliest." The would be buyer stares
in disbelief and walks out of the office.  As a true Californian, he wants to
build immediately.

There are other harbingers for the returning Westerner, other signs the land may
have reached its limit.

California's most important industry is agriculture.  Last year the state's
farmers planted 6.6 million acres of crops with a total value of $2.6 billion.
This is less than a 1 per cent increase in two years, but pesticides used on
this land to maintain this high standard of production have increased 75 per
cent during the same period, to a total of 83 million pounds of pesticides in
1976.

The small towns and cities throughout the mountain West are steadily losing
population, even their chambers of commerce now concede.  But billboards en
route to the Grand Canyon still advertise "Desert Land Cheap." Recently, all the
national forests in Arizona and New Mexico were closed because of extreme fire
danger that could last to the end of the year or beyond.

In Las Vegas, a weary driver arrived without a reservation at a hotel on the
Strip usually booked full at this time of year.  "Do you have any rooms?" he
asked.  "All the rooms you want," replied the desk clerk.  "I don't know what's
happened to the people."

Lake Shasta, largest reservoir in California and the most important source of
water for the agricultural economy, is less than one-quarter full.  The lake has
dropped 172 feet and no longer possesses sufficient cold water to save the
salmon's spawning run this fall.  Oroville Reservoir, the state's second
largest, is one-third full and has dropped by 200 feet.  Unless the drought
cycle ends this winter, Oroville may go dry next spring.

LATE IN THE 19th Century an Irishman by the name of Tiffin Patrick Cannon left
Sacramento because of the floods that then recurred regularly there.  He settled
on a farm 40 miles away, above a bend in the American River known as Salmon
Falls.  Three-quarters of a century later.  Salmon Falls was flooded
deliberately to create Folsom Lake and help prevent flooding in the Sacramento
area.  Tiffin Patrick Cannon was my grandfather.  Today, several acres of his
one-time farm are out of water again as Folsom Lake steadily retreats from what
used to be its shoreline.

What has happened in California is more than a drought.  It is a change in the
fundamental mind-set of a people who acted as if they believed that the supply
of water, energy, shoreline, fish, wildlife, crops and forests was
inexhaustible.  In past years, Californians always talked about when something
would happen -- when we get this development going, when we build this dam, when
this freeway goes through.  Now, the word is "if," not "when." And the big "if"
concerns the water supply and the energy and fuel supply after 1977.

Of course, there are those who say that there is nothing to worry about, who
point out that the state recovered from a severe drought in the 1930s.  The
comparison does not stand up.  California's present population of 21.5 million
is four times the state's population in the mid-'30s, and Californians suffered
from the ravages of the Dust Bowl migration and the Depression until World War
II.  This time the damages to the land, and to the economy, could prove beyond
repair.

Even a winter's long rainfall would not restore the expectations of
ever-expanding progress that used to prevail.  That expectation was a sort of
guns-and-butter attitude that the West could have all the development it wanted,
set aside all the beach and parkland it needed, use all the water it desired.

In the late 1960s, for instance, conservationists within the administration of
Gov. Ronald Reagan were able to persuade Reagan to support and sign legislation
preserving California's remaining wild rivers.  Now, a bill that would remove
many of the protections is moving with bipartisan support through the California
legislature.

IN ONE SENSE, the environmentalists should be the heroes of the hour.  After
all, it was they who warned about future scarcities and about the costly waste
of endless freeways and urban sprawl.  Mostly, it was conservationists who
talked about the foolishness of building recreational communities in
second-growth forests around artificial lakes where the water supply could not
be sustained.

Instead, the environmentalists are the villains.  Partly, this is because of a
lingering Western conviction that development is the solution as well as the
problem.  Partly, it is because the environmental movement crested early in
California, and environmentalists hold important positions in state and local
administrations here.  Some Californians hold them responsible simply because
they are in office but are as powerless as anyone else to stave off natural
disaster.

At the same time, the scapegoating of conservationists has been enhanced by
their growing alienation from one-time allies in the labor movement.  John
Henning, president of the California Labor Federation, says that many
environmentalists are "cultists" who will bring "absolute death and destruction
to the economic growth and future of this state." The AFL-CIO lobbyists in
Sacramento have worked with industry to kill legislative attempts to emulate
Oregon's law banning throwaway containers.  A group called the Council on
Economic and Environmental Balance has united big labor and big business in a
mutual push for development.

Many Californians simply seem confused about the possible solutions to their
problems, as does their government.  As a recent article in the conservationist
magazine Cry California puts it:

The governor's office, at the moment, is working on energy and
resource-conserving appropriate technologies and simultaneously figuring out how
to bring energy and resource-wasting heavy industry to California.  The
legislature is considering agricultural lands preservation bills and, at the
same time, perpetuating the transportation policies that encourage urban
sprawl."

This schizophrenia is even more pronounced in water policy.  Recently, a number
of northern California communities ended or curtailed water rationing because
water users had cut back so much that the water districts were losing revenue.
In Los Angeles, the experts anticipate that a mandatory 10 per cent water
cutback now in effect won't save anything because city residents already have
made a 20 per cent voluntary water use reduction.

While everyone sings shorter shower songs, southern Californians otherwise are
responding to the crisis with a burst of hedonism reminiscent of a sailor's last
fling ashore.  Big cars are selling briskly in Los Angeles, even with the strict
gas consuming air pollution controls required in California, and the
55-mile-an-hour speed limit is a bad joke.  On the Los Angeles freeways, the
speeding motorists are aided by radio traffic tie-up reports from helicopter
pilot Gary Francis Powers of U-2 fame.

The big fad in California now is vans, campers, jeeps and an indescribable
variety of front-drive and off-road vehicles.  Carwashes are closed through much
of the West (a sign on a car wash in Boulder City, Nev., near Lake Mead, says
"No Water, No Wash"), but they are doing a lively business in Los Angeles.  One
prominent car wash, open until 9 p.m. every night, closes on Wednesday, which it
proclaims as "C-day," announcing, "We're doing out bit for conservation."

IT WOULD BE WRONG to say that the returning Westerner finds everything changed
for the worse Lake Tahoe is no longer the crystal pool of boyhood memory, but it
is less polluted than it was in the late 1960s, before rudimentary interstate
pollution controls were enforced.  There are fewer Western rivers that have
water in them, but many of these flow clearer than they once did.  Rainbow trout
are fished out of the Truckee River by the creel-full in downtown Reno.  The
sewage-caused stench which once permeated the eastern shore of San Francisco Bay
has been cleaned up.  These are welcome signs of environmental progress in a
time of drought and scarcity.

They are welcome signs, but they are not enough.  In Los Angeles, a radio
station now offers the prize of a weekend in Detroit.  The fishing boats return
empty to Monterey Bay.  In the land where Tiffin Patrick Cannon lies buried, an
hour's drive from Sacramento, only the cemetery is green.

"The overriding influence that shapes the West is the desert," Walter Prescott
Webb wrote prophetically in 1957.  "That is its one unifying force.  It
permeates the plains, climbs to all but the highest mountain peaks dwells
continually in the valleys.  The desert is the guest that came to dinner, never
to go away."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, no caption, By David Suter for The Washington Post; Picture 2,
Dry reservoir north of San Francisco, AP; Picture 3, "The heart of the West is a
desert," National Park Service

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              821 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                            February 15, 2008 Friday

Anti-terror funding a federal shell game

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 725 words


Grim talk of terrorism is again making headlines.

First came the announcement that the United States will try the masterminds of
the 9/11 plot, through military commissions -- contemporary kangaroo courts.

Now comes Senate approval of a vast surveillance bill that gives sanction to the
warrantless snooping on Americans that President Bush carried out secretly until
the program was exposed in the press.

And by the way, the House's refusal to go along with giving immunity to
telecommunications companies who were complicit in the spying puts the nation's
security at risk, the White House warns.

These set pieces of political discourse in the Bush era inevitably lead to the
conclusion that we remain imperiled by terrorism. On this point, there is an
undeniable and ugly truth behind the raw rhetoric.

But there is also truth in cold, hard numbers -- and in them, the White House
tells an altogether different tale.

Homeland security funding -- for states to try to prevent or prepare for such a
disaster, for firefighters who would have to respond, for radios that would
actually allow emergency personnel to communicate with one another during a
catastrophe, for rail and mass transit security, for inspections and security at
ports -- all are stepchildren in the latest White House budget.

Grants to states and local governments for homeland security and first
responders were cut by half from current funding levels, according to an
analysis by the Senate Committee on Homeland Security and Governmental Affairs.

Meanwhile, financing for a special urban security program that is intended to
replace pork-barrel jockeying among states, with funds better targeted to those
cities -- New York, Los Angeles and Washington -- known to be at greatest risk
of attack, is held just about flat.

A project meant to help detect a nuclear or radiological device in densely
populated cities -- was cut by 25 percent, according to Sen. Chuck Schumer,
D-N.Y. Another to train emergency workers to handle an attack involving weapons
of mass destruction also was pared.

"The threat to our cities and towns from terrorist attacks and natural disasters
has not diminished, and the federal government's contribution to protecting
states and localities should not diminish either," says Sen. Joe Lieberman,
I-Conn., who chairs the homeland security panel.

Seven years into the "war on terror," with conflicts in Afghanistan and Iraq
still fought in its name, there should be legitimate anger about why, as
Lieberman correctly notes, the terrorist threat has "not diminished."

But if this is so -- and the administration most definitely agrees -- then what
plausible reason is there for cutting prevention and preparedness funding, and
eliminating some programs altogether?

Since New York City and the Pentagon were struck on 9/11, homeland security
funding has become a crude political game.

The administration started from the premise that no new money was needed to meet
the demand for extraordinary services that only government -- state, local or
federal -- can provide.

To admit otherwise would jeopardize the continuation of the Bush tax cuts, and
cut the heart of the conservative argument that almost no government function is
a valid one.

Congress soon produced a farce, divvying up pots of anti-terrorism money like so
many highway projects to the point where a few years ago, Wyoming was getting
more funds per capita than was New York.

Some, but not all, of these shenanigans ceased when the White House and
lawmakers agreed that urban areas facing the greatest risk should get more, and
a separate program was set up for them.

Now a new shell game: The White House repeatedly cuts or eliminates homeland
security grants, knowing Congress usually restores the money.

"I'm sure you'll find no shortage of politicians on the Hill or in state and
local governments who will advocate more spending," says Russ Knocke, spokesman
for the Department of Homeland Security. "Ultimately there is a limited amount
available."

But there is a limit to patience, too. And a limit to the number of years we
have to prepare before what we are told is the inevitable next attack.

Homeland security budget fights shouldn't have the tone of low comedy. But they
do, and somewhere, maybe a terrorist is chuckling.

E-mail Marie Cocco, a columnist for The Washington Post, at
mariecocco@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 9, 1992, Thursday, Late Edition - Final

Presidential Wars Behind Him, Cuomo Attacks His Legislative Foes

BYLINE: By KEVIN SACK,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 9; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 938 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, Jan. 8


Gov. Mario M. Cuomo used his 10th State of the State address today to declare to
both the Legislature and the state that he is no longer the political hostage of
his Presidential ambitions.

Liberated of any need to position himself toward the right or to coax the
Legislature into consensus, Mr. Cuomo cast himself as a strong protector of the
social services safety net and as a populist crusader against legislative
intransigence.

In a reflection of austere times, few of the initiatives Mr. Cuomo discussed
today were either large or new. He focused instead on a spirited defense of
social programs against recessionary budget-cutting pressures and on a package
of reform proposals calculated to shame the Legislature for its inaction.

Some legislators speculated that if the Governor had chosen to run for President
he would have been more wary about reinforcing his stereotype as a Northeastern
liberal and about picking a fight with the Legislature.

"He seemed to be saying I can go out there now, I'm not a Presidential
candidate, and I can beat you guys up anytime I want," said Assemblyman Sheldon
Silver, a Manhattan Democrat.

A Diminished Figure

Mr. Cuomo's decision not to run this year left him a diminished figure on the
national stage, and to a certain extent within New York. But he made it clear
today that he will make full use of the few political weapons still available to
him -- the leverage provided by his veto power over reapportionment and the deep
discontent of the public in a year when all legislators face re-election and the
Governor does not.

Several legislators said the Governor may have found an effective and necessary
tactic in his use of the Legislature as a foil, given the state's desperate
fiscal condition and the nation's clear anti-incumbency sentiment. But they said
it also could prove a risky strategy.

"It's one thing to declare a political war," said Assemblyman Richard L.
Brodsky, a Westchester Democrat. "It's another thing to declare an institutional
war."

Just in case the image of a Governor unchained was not self-evident, Mr. Cuomo
began his speech by paying homage to Terry Anderson, the favorite son of
Batavia, N.Y., who was released last year after more than six years in
captivity. Mr. Cuomo, the poet-politician, spun Mr. Anderson's story into a
metaphor for New York State.

"With his fate in the hands of people he could not control, Terry Anderson
resolved to do all that he could with his personal strengths," Mr. Cuomo said.
"New York State, like other states, is struggling with a powerful force it
cannot control, a national recession."

But by the time Mr. Cuomo concluded his 55-minute speech, listeners could wonder
whether the hostage Mr. Cuomo was depicting was really the state or its
Governor, and whether the oppressor was really the economy or the Legislature.

Blaming the Senate

In the last three weeks, Mr. Cuomo has blamed the recalcitrance of the
Republican-led State Senate for shackling his ability to run for President, for
tying up the state budget and for encouraging the downgrading of the state's
credit rating.

With today's speech, he seemed determined to break free of those bonds -- or at
least to portray the Legislature as Albany's equivalent of the Hezbollah.

In vintage fashion, he said he would never agree to Republican proposals to
reduce the size of the welfare grant and to restrict Medicaid coverage to 60
days for some recipients.

"We must change our ways, there is no doubt about that," said Mr. Cuomo, who has
shown a new willingness to balance the budget with cuts in social programs. "But
we must do it without losing our way, no matter how fiercely the political winds
blow at the moment. We are not going to give up our integrity as a people to win
an election."

Mr. Cuomo went on to highlight his reform initiatives -- few of which stand much
chance of approval -- to dock the pay of elected officials who fail to pass
timely budgets, to give voters the right to force legislative debate on various
issues and to call a Constitutional convention to circumvent legislative
resistance.

"Some of us are indignant at being accused of not functioning, but we haven't
and you know it," he told the legislators, gesturing so energetically that a
sign-language interpreter seemed superfluous. "And it's cost everybody money and
in some cases it was as though we were doing it cavalierly."

A Democratic Heckler

The defining moment of the speech, and potentially of the legislative session,
came minutes later, when Assemblyman Anthony S. Seminerio, a Queens Democrat,
heckled Mr. Cuomo about his legislative pay-cut proposal.

A clear breach of legislative etiquette, Mr. Seminerio's angry outburst sent a
signal across the Assembly chamber and across the airwaves that the Governor in
his post-Presidential period will be just that, a Governor, and one who does not
particularly intimidate the Legislature.

Even more telling was the Governor's response. Unlike two years ago, when an Act
Up demonstrator interrupted Mr. Cuomo's State of the State speech with a protest
against the state's AIDS policy, Mr. Cuomo did not listen politely and later
commend the speaker for his cause.

Instead, he resorted to a favorite political device -- ridicule. "I'm glad that
at least everybody is awake," Mr. Cuomo told Mr. Seminerio, who is known to nap
at his desk occasionally. "Tony, you vote against it. At least this way we'll
get a vote out of you."

Even before the speech was finished, the war against the Legislature was well
under way. It was personal. And it was no holds barred.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Gov. Mario M. Cuomo after delivering his State of the State
address to the Legislature in Albany yesterday. Behind him, from the left, were
the chaplain of the Assembly, Assembly Speaker Saul Weprin, Attorney General
Robert Abrams, Lieut. Gov. Stan Lundine, Comptroller Edward V. Regan and Ralph
J. Marino, the Senate majority leader. (Vic DeLucia/The New York Times)

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              823 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     February 8, 2017 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

Buick the Big Winner of the Super Bowl Ad Wars Among Teens

BYLINE: PlayOn!

LENGTH: 472  words


Atlanta, GA,  February 08, 2017 --(PR.com)-- Super Bowl LI's action didn't
disappoint, and neither did Buick with the teen market.

After identifying which brands had the most to gain and lose among high school
students with PlayOn! Sports' pre-Super Bowl survey, a panel of students
monitored the ads during the Super Bowl and then reported their attitudes after
the game.

Among all brands, Buick gained the most awareness and favorability among teens
with its ad featuring NFL star quarterback, Cam Newton. Before the big game,
students were apathetic toward the brand, with nearly half our panel (46%)
reporting neither positive nor negative feelings toward Buick.

After the ad, nearly 3 out of 4 students reported positive feelings toward the
brand, by far the biggest mover among all Super Bowl advertisers.

Overall, however, Skittles (83% favorability) was the winner among the teen
market, but the brand already had high brand favorability among teens, a
maintained that position after the Super Bowl. Snickers was in a similar
situation; it registered a 78% teen approval rating and came in second. Buick,
came in third with 74% but came out of nowhere and leapt onto the leaderboard.

The worst-performing ad, according to those polled, was Persil. As one student
put it, "this brand doesn't really pertain to me." The laundry detergent company
was unable to overcome the fact that 69% of those polled had never heard of it
before.

The most polarizing ad came from Mr. Clean. The risque spot featured the classic
Mr. Clean dancing provocatively around the house while cleaning various
surfaces. When asked to list their top three favorite ads, 43% of students
listed Mr. Clean. However, 26% listed it as their least favorite ad from this
year's Super Bowl. When asked whether their opinion of the brand had improved,
diminished, or stayed the same, 52% said improved, while 30% said diminished.

About PlayOn!

PlayOn! was founded in 2008 with the purpose of honoring and celebrating the
commitment and achievements of high school students, parents, coaches, and
teachers - inside the walls of the schools and in communities across the
country.

PlayOn! Sports is the nation's leading high school sports media company,
streaming more live events than any other company in the country. PlayOn!
operates The NFHS Network, a joint venture of the National Federation of State
High School Associations (NFHS), its member State Associations, and PlayOn!.
PlayOn! manages the day-to-day operations of the NFHS Network, which delivers
live and on demand high school events at http://www.NFHSnetwork.com.

With relationships with more than 10,000 schools across the country, PlayOn!
provides brand partners with unparalleled insights, access, analytics and
activations on the high school market, including students, athletes, teachers
and communities.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2017 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                              May 19, 2013 Sunday

Include Cook in concealed carry law

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 502 words


Include Cook in concealed carry law

I read the article the Herald regarding the legislature's debate on the new
concealed carry law. Based on what I read, some lawmakers want to exclude Cook
County from the new law based on public safety. In other words, even if you have
a concealed carry permit, you would not be able to carry your firearm in Cook
County.

How ridiculous. Cook County and the city of Chicago are the two places you will
need your firearm the most. It was great to hear that the murder rate in Chicago
was back to the 1963 levels for the first part of 2013, no sooner than that was
stated, there were 10 people shot on one recent night, and three of them died.
These people were not shot with legally owned firearms, and the people who shot
them were not "law-abiding citizens." However, it is these very same people that
you need to protect yourself from.

In addition to the shootings and killings, we have the muggings, armed
robberies, attacks on women and roaming gangs of youths out to rob people and
create havoc in the neighborhoods.

Any concealed carry law that excludes the residents of Cook County actually
discriminates against the law-abiding citizens of the county. If the politicians
think they can use, "public safety" as an excuse for excluding Cook County, they
should realize that public safety actually improves whenever a law-abiding
citizen is legally allowed to carry a concealed weapon.

Kenneth J. Wuestenfeld

Elk Grove Village

Society grounded in Christianity has hope

The culture of a society is in fact the religion of that society externalized.
It may affect its art, music, food, etc., but it runs much deeper than these.

When multiculturalism is promoted it is the vehicle used to change a society
from one culture to another. The United Stated is has been successful in
converting us from a Christian culture to a humanistic one. The revolution has
taken place and we live in a new culture: man and his laws dominate, God's law
has been jettisoned.

As a result, respect for life has been diminished; millions of babies being
"legally" murdered in the womb. Respect for property rights have been diminished
-- government taking property from one citizen to give it to another who hasn't
earned it. Biblical marriage is being supplanted with the introduction of
normalcy for homosexual unions and marriage. In spite of the Constitution's
guarantee of "free exercise of religion," Christianity and the Bible have for
all intents and purposes been eliminated from the public square.

Everyone would benefit from a Christian culture. Not all would be Christians but
there would be a Christian consensus. We were once such a Christian nation: one
in which life, liberty and property were viewed as unalienable rights endowed by
their creator to each citizen. Multiculturalism has led us down the path to an
ungodly humanistic culture. There is no hope to solve our country's problems
apart from a return to culture grounded on Jesus Christ and his word, the Bible.

Philip E. Bennett

Palatine

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              825 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                              July 21, 2008 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

Awaiting a fair decision;
Is the Fruitville Road site in or out of the baseball plans?

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 804 words


"The Fair Board is willing to consider conceptual relocation to an alternative
site and is willing to continue conceptual discussions. The opportunity to
reinvest in the fair's facilities and infrastructure is of value to the Fair
Board and all they serve.

"Furthermore, we believe that the redevelopment of the Fruitville Road property
for professional sport and other related interests and the redevelopment of the
Ed Smith [stadium] property for enhanced recreation are steps that are of
benefit to all citizens of Sarasota."

-- Rory Martin, president, Sarasota County Agricultural Fair Association

That statement, made in a letter released last week by Martin, offered
encouraging words to those who hoped that the Fair Board would:

1. Cooperate with local governments, community groups and the private sector to
improve the return on the public's investment in the fairgrounds property, which
is leased to the Fair Association.

2. Quickly provide a clear sign -- to Sarasota County, the city of Sarasota and
proponents of a plan to redevelop the fairgrounds into a baseball and commercial
complex -- of a willingness to enter good-faith negotiations to implement such a
plan.

However.

In that same letter, Martin wrote: "However, before we can move forward, there
are fundamental questions to be answered ... without assurances for each of the
following there is little point to continue beyond our conceptual
understanding."

Martin went on to list five conditions -- some reasonable, and some that
undermine the Fair Board's stated interest in redeveloping the Fruitville Road
site.

An example of the latter: Martin sought assurances that, if the fair is moved
(as proposed) to county-owned Twin Lakes Park, surrounding neighborhoods "will
welcome the relocated fair and allow it to operate and fulfill its mission."

No one can provide such assurances legally. They can't be offered politically,
either: Neighborhoods are clamoring to host a 10-day event that brings traffic
and noise.

That said, the fair is a popular tradition. The role of agriculture remains
important, albeit diminished in Sarasota County and under-represented at the
fair. Robarts Arena at the fairgrounds provides a needed, albeit neglected and
inadequately funded, venue for events and entertainment.

The value of the fair and the contributions of the Fair Board, however, are not
diminished by noting that the fair site -- at a gateway to urban Sarasota -- is
woefully underutilized as a community asset.

The Fair Board has tried, and failed, to redevelop the site. So, it seems
reasonable to expect the board and its director to enter good-faith negotiations
on a city-county proposal to redevelop the Fruitville Road property, move the
fair and invest millions in a new site and amenities.

However, as County Commissioner Jon Thaxton -- who is on the Fair Board -- said
last week, the tone of Martin's letter does not reflect the views of a partner
truly willing to consider moving to a more appropriate site for an event rooted
in the celebration of agriculture. Thaxton's assessment is right, and so is his
call for re-evaluating the Fair Board's strategy and facilities.

Such an assessment will take time and, as the letter noted, the Fair Board and
proponents of a baseball complex have deadlines to meet and decisions to make.

One of those decisions is whether Twin Lakes Park is suitable and politically
acceptable as a site for the fair. If not, other sites must be considered and
quickly analyzed.

The crucial issue

The most important short-term task, it seems to us, is to put the fairgrounds in
play as the potential site of a baseball complex -- if a team, such as the
Boston Red Sox, can be attracted to Sarasota -- or to remove it from
consideration, once and for all.

Ever since the Cincinnati Reds, the city, county and community supporters began
their unsuccessful attempts to build a new stadium and retain that team as a
year-round presence, the fairgrounds has been mentioned as a logical site. If
it's not a realistic site, because of the Fair Board's needs and demands, then
let's get that on the record and move on.

Baseball, like the fair, is a community tradition. As a consultant's report
suggests, baseball -- especially if it involves a high-profile team like the Red
Sox -- generates economic activity and supports the quality of life (during
spring and in the off-season).

Sarasota County, which benefits from tourism and the taxes it generates, has the
financial and political capacity, even in a tough economy, to fund and
accommodate baseball, the fair and a functional community events center -- as
well as arts venues, education facilities and natural amenities.

Whether the community -- including players such as the Fair Board, city, county
and tourism officials -- has the ability and will to maximize its assets is
being tested.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday
                               Australian Edition

Serena enters Wimbledon bereft of her invincibility

BYLINE: Courtney Walsh, Tennis

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 851  words


On the eve of Wimbledon, a documentary on Serena Williams has given a
behind-the-scenes insight into the American that belies her public persona. This
is a superstar wounded, a champion for the ages bereft of confidence, crippled
by external expectations.

As she returns to the All -England Club to defend her -championship, with
Wimbledon the sole grand slam title she holds, the footage filmed through 2015
gives an insight into why her -dominance is now somewhat -diminished.

Not long after her bid to become the first woman since Steffi Graf to win the
Grand Slam ended in New York in one of the biggest upsets in tennis, Williams is
devastated as she recuperates in Florida.

"I've been in a dark hole. I feel like I let a lot of people down," she said. "I
was trying to give people hope that you could do something that was impossible,
but I couldn't do it either. I need a break. I really need a break." Before and
during that US Open, at least in public, the world No 1 stressed she felt no
significant pressure pursuing the slam.

It seemed true as Williams extended her winning streak in -majors to 33 - 26 of
those in 2015 - by toppling her elder sister, Venus, in a quarter-final that
-netted ESPN its highest ratings for a tennis match in the US.

But the exterior was a facade.

That was laid bare in a semi-final against Italian Roberta Vinci, to whom the
21-time grand slam champion had never previously dropped a set. After winning
the first set, the champion's feet were leaden and her weight of shot
significantly diminished as her nerve deserted her.

As cruel as it is to Vinci, who recorded the best result of a lengthy career, it
was expectation that beat Williams. And according to the documentary, titled
Serena, the stress had been building since her success at Roland Garros in June.

"I just want to take a deep breath and scream," she said.

"I can't believe I've just won three (majors) in a row and everyone's like, 'Oh,
you can win more.' "I'm like â[#x20ac]¦ 'Stop putting all this pressure on me'."
The concern for Williams is that she is yet to fully emerge from that hole, at
least on the court.

Her efforts at major level since can scarcely be criticised, with Williams
reaching the final of the Australian and French Opens with a 24-4 win-loss
record.

It can be argued that, like Roger Federer, she is now judged on her once
invincible standards.

But the 34-year-old's sole title since faltering in New York came in Rome.
Injuries have taken a toll, with Williams lamenting the aches and pains that
have resulted from nearly two decades on tour.

There is also evidence she no longer possesses the level of intimidation she
once did.

Muguruza said the shock win in Melbourne of Angelique Kerber, who downed
Williams for just the second time in seven outings, boosted her own confidence
in the decider in Paris.

"When you see people that are winning, and there's new faces, (it) makes you
think, 'I can be one of those faces'," she said.

"It helps to see new faces." The pressure of winning the Grand Slam is no more
for -Williams but a place in history still beckons. This will be the fourth
grand slam tournament that Williams, a four-time Olympic gold medallist, has had
an opportunity to draw level on 22 major titles with Graf. Margaret Court, who
completed the Grand Slam in 1970, is the all-time record holder on 24.

But Serena had stalled in -similar pursuits. When seeking to draw level with
Martina Navrat-ilova and Chris Evert on 18 grand slam titles, she hit a flat
spot through 2014.

Anna Ivanovic trumped her in Melbourne, Muguruza thrashed her in the second
round in Paris in a pointer to this year's decider and Alize Cornet upset her in
the third round in Wimbledon.

After finally getting to 18 in New York in 2014, Williams went on a winning
tear.

A second "Serena slam" - or non-calendar slam - was claimed at Wimbledon a year
ago.

History is surely a motivating factor but, as Evert noted when discussing her
own career this week, even the most successful of athletes can struggle for
inspiration in their 30s.

Williams is listed at $2.50 with TAB to win Wimbledon, which she has won six of
the 16 times she has played.

In a nod to the younger talent that is emerging, Muguruza is second favourite at
$6 after reaching the final last year.

Madison Keys, who this week became the first American women to make the top 10
since Williams managed the feat back in 1999, is listed at $12 after winning a
strong lead-in tournament.

But the pressure is not on -Williams alone, according to Sam Stosur, who fell to
Muguruza in a semi-final of the French Open.

"You would be silly to say -(Muguruza) wouldn't be one of the players up there
in future years," she told ESPN. "She has a game that does very well and has
been very consistent in the last 18 months or so. It'll be interesting to see
how she continues now the pressure has changed." On the red carpet last week,
Williams told The Atlantic nothing, really, has changed. Her -chances this
Wimbledon, once again, rest largely on her own -racquet."When I don't win, it's
my fault, because I have that opportunity. I have that talent," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Australian

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday
                              Australian3 Edition

Serena enters Wimbledon bereft of her invincibility

BYLINE: Courtney Walsh, Tennis

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 40

LENGTH: 851  words


On the eve of Wimbledon, a documentary on Serena Williams has given a
behind-the-scenes insight into the American that belies her public persona. This
is a superstar wounded, a champion for the ages bereft of confidence, crippled
by external expectations.

As she returns to the All -England Club to defend her -championship, with
Wimbledon the sole grand slam title she holds, the footage filmed through 2015
gives an insight into why her -dominance is now somewhat -diminished.

Not long after her bid to become the first woman since Steffi Graf to win the
Grand Slam ended in New York in one of the biggest upsets in tennis, Williams is
devastated as she recuperates in Florida.

"I've been in a dark hole. I feel like I let a lot of people down," she said. "I
was trying to give people hope that you could do something that was impossible,
but I couldn't do it either. I need a break. I really need a break." Before and
during that US Open, at least in public, the world No 1 stressed she felt no
significant pressure pursuing the slam.

It seemed true as Williams extended her winning streak in -majors to 33 - 26 of
those in 2015 - by toppling her elder sister, Venus, in a quarter-final that
-netted ESPN its highest ratings for a tennis match in the US.

But the exterior was a facade.

That was laid bare in a semi-final against Italian Roberta Vinci, to whom the
21-time grand slam champion had never previously dropped a set. After winning
the first set, the champion's feet were leaden and her weight of shot
significantly diminished as her nerve deserted her.

As cruel as it is to Vinci, who recorded the best result of a lengthy career, it
was expectation that beat Williams. And according to the documentary, titled
Serena, the stress had been building since her success at Roland Garros in June.

"I just want to take a deep breath and scream," she said.

"I can't believe I've just won three (majors) in a row and everyone's like, 'Oh,
you can win more.' "I'm like â[#x20ac]¦ 'Stop putting all this pressure on me'."
The concern for Williams is that she is yet to fully emerge from that hole, at
least on the court.

Her efforts at major level since can scarcely be criticised, with Williams
reaching the final of the Australian and French Opens with a 24-4 win-loss
record.

It can be argued that, like Roger Federer, she is now judged on her once
invincible standards.

But the 34-year-old's sole title since faltering in New York came in Rome.
Injuries have taken a toll, with Williams lamenting the aches and pains that
have resulted from nearly two decades on tour.

There is also evidence she no longer possesses the level of intimidation she
once did.

Muguruza said the shock win in Melbourne of Angelique Kerber, who downed
Williams for just the second time in seven outings, boosted her own confidence
in the decider in Paris.

"When you see people that are winning, and there's new faces, (it) makes you
think, 'I can be one of those faces'," she said.

"It helps to see new faces." The pressure of winning the Grand Slam is no more
for -Williams but a place in history still beckons. This will be the fourth
grand slam tournament that Williams, a four-time Olympic gold medallist, has had
an opportunity to draw level on 22 major titles with Graf. Margaret Court, who
completed the Grand Slam in 1970, is the all-time record holder on 24.

But Serena had stalled in -similar pursuits. When seeking to draw level with
Martina Navrat-ilova and Chris Evert on 18 grand slam titles, she hit a flat
spot through 2014.

Anna Ivanovic trumped her in Melbourne, Muguruza thrashed her in the second
round in Paris in a pointer to this year's decider and Alize Cornet upset her in
the third round in Wimbledon.

After finally getting to 18 in New York in 2014, Williams went on a winning
tear.

A second "Serena slam" - or non-calendar slam - was claimed at Wimbledon a year
ago.

History is surely a motivating factor but, as Evert noted when discussing her
own career this week, even the most successful of athletes can struggle for
inspiration in their 30s.

Williams is listed at $2.50 with TAB to win Wimbledon, which she has won six of
the 16 times she has played.

In a nod to the younger talent that is emerging, Muguruza is second favourite at
$6 after reaching the final last year.

Madison Keys, who this week became the first American women to make the top 10
since Williams managed the feat back in 1999, is listed at $12 after winning a
strong lead-in tournament.

But the pressure is not on -Williams alone, according to Sam Stosur, who fell to
Muguruza in a semi-final of the French Open.

"You would be silly to say -(Muguruza) wouldn't be one of the players up there
in future years," she told ESPN. "She has a game that does very well and has
been very consistent in the last 18 months or so. It'll be interesting to see
how she continues now the pressure has changed." On the red carpet last week,
Williams told The Atlantic nothing, really, has changed. Her -chances this
Wimbledon, once again, rest largely on her own -racquet."When I don't win, it's
my fault, because I have that opportunity. I have that talent," she said.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Australian


                   Copyright 2016 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 26, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

Their experience will be invaluable in the postseason;
A season of change;
OU seniors are adjusting to their diminished role

BYLINE: Jenni Carlson

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; JENNI CARLSON; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN - The Senior Day tribute video played on the Lloyd Noble Center
jumbotron, starting with Erin Higgins and rolling through Kendra Moore and
Chelsi Welch, Krista Sanchez and Leah Rush and finishing with Britney Brown.

Then suddenly, the audio stopped and never returned.

Yet another glitch for these seniors.

This has not been the season that they had planned. Oh, the Oklahoma women's
basketball team still has a chance to win the Big 12 regular-season title.
Beating Missouri 72-57 on Sunday ensured the Sooners at least a championship
share with a victory against Baylor on Wednesday.

The road, however, has been rough for the seniors. Five of the six were starters
at some point during the season. Now, only Higgins remains.

Minutes have been cut, and roles have been reduced.

Diminished, not eliminated.

"I honestly do not believe that seasons end in extraordinary fashion without
your seniors being spectacularly special," Sooner coach Sherri Coale said.

Now, a team might have spectacular seniors without a spectacular ending.

But without such players?

"You have no chance," Coale said.

These Sooners need the seniors to play a significant role if they hope to make a
deep run in the NCAA Tournament. Want to get to the Final Four? Want to play for
a title? The seniors will have to play a part.

"It may mean scoring points and getting rebounds, and it may mean breathing life
into the guys that do score points and get rebounds," Coale said.

She harkened back to last year's seniors, Beky Preston and Laura Andrews. Coale
called them two of her best seniors ever even though neither played significant
minutes.

"They were just terrific kids who had the team's mission at heart and got us
ready to be our best," she said.

The difference, of course, is that this year's seniors have been significant
contributors. Rush and Welch, for example, started from their earliest days. Now
as seniors playing the best ball of their careers, they are reserves.

No doubt this is tricky territory. The Sooners cannot be among the elitest of
the nation's elite teams with the line-up from the start of the season. Higgins,
Rush, Welch, Brown and Courtney Paris is a good enough group to win a bunch, but
when you start talking about contending for a national title, they simply do not
have the athletic ability to compete at the highest level.

Losses to Ohio State and Texas A&M are evidence of that.

Those are two of the most athletic teams in the country. Two of the best, too.
Those type of teams stand between OU and a national title, and with the
senior-dominated lineup, the Sooners failed to handle their frantic pace.

A line-up featuring Courtney and Ashley Paris, Amanda Thompson and Jenna Plumley
gives them a better chance to beat those type of teams.

Coale allowed her seniors to see it for themselves. She continued to rely on
them even when others might have pulled the string and played the newbies. And
in the process, the Sooners lost three of four games.

So when Coale decided to make the switch at Texas A&M, the evidence was right in
front of the seniors. The team needed to play the underclassmen.

"The coolest part of them is ... they don't push us away and say, 'Oh, this is
our time," Courtney Paris said. "They say, 'Let's get these kids ready and make
them the best they can be so that they can all be the best we can be.'"

Outwardly, there is no dissent. No pouting. No squabbling.

That outward appearance is true if the team's play is any evidence. The Sooners
have won their last four, and for a stretch in the second half Sunday, they
looked like a team that could win several games in March.

During that madness, the Sooners will need their seniors.

"They're our comfort zone," Paris said. "We need Erin and Chelsea making big
shots. We need Krista and Kendra to come into the games and take the whole arena
by surprise. We depend on them a lot."

Because for as much as you can contribute the Sooners' recent surge to what the
youngsters have done, it's as much about what the seniors have done. Whether on
the court or on the bench, they've continued to contribute.

"They've had to scratch. They've had to fight," Coale said. "That's what these
guys will do."

Glitches or not, they must keep playing.

Jenni Carlson: 475-4125, jcarlson@oklahoman.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OU seniors like Chelsi Welch, bottom, and Kendra Moore have to
contribute down the stretch. - BY PAUL HELLSTERN, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            February 26, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

Their experience will be invaluable in the postseason;
A season of change;
OU seniors are adjusting to their diminished role

BYLINE: Jenni Carlson

SECTION: SPORTS MONDAY; JENNI CARLSON; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 713 words

DATELINE: NORMAN


NORMAN - The Senior Day tribute video played on the Lloyd Noble Center
jumbotron, starting with Erin Higgins and rolling through Kendra Moore and
Chelsi Welch, Krista Sanchez and Leah Rush and finishing with Britney Brown.

Then suddenly, the audio stopped and never returned.

Yet another glitch for these seniors.

This has not been the season that they had planned. Oh, the Oklahoma women's
basketball team still has a chance to win the Big 12 regular-season title.
Beating Missouri 72-57 on Sunday ensured the Sooners at least a championship
share with a victory against Baylor on Wednesday.

The road, however, has been rough for the seniors. Five of the six were starters
at some point during the season. Now, only Higgins remains.

Minutes have been cut, and roles have been reduced.

Diminished, not eliminated.

"I honestly do not believe that seasons end in extraordinary fashion without
your seniors being spectacularly special," Sooner coach Sherri Coale said.

Now, a team might have spectacular seniors without a spectacular ending.

But without such players?

"You have no chance," Coale said.

These Sooners need the seniors to play a significant role if they hope to make a
deep run in the NCAA Tournament. Want to get to the Final Four? Want to play for
a title? The seniors will have to play a part.

"It may mean scoring points and getting rebounds, and it may mean breathing life
into the guys that do score points and get rebounds," Coale said.

She harkened back to last year's seniors, Beky Preston and Laura Andrews. Coale
called them two of her best seniors ever even though neither played significant
minutes.

"They were just terrific kids who had the team's mission at heart and got us
ready to be our best," she said.

The difference, of course, is that this year's seniors have been significant
contributors. Rush and Welch, for example, started from their earliest days. Now
as seniors playing the best ball of their careers, they are reserves.

No doubt this is tricky territory. The Sooners cannot be among the elitest of
the nation's elite teams with the line-up from the start of the season. Higgins,
Rush, Welch, Brown and Courtney Paris is a good enough group to win a bunch, but
when you start talking about contending for a national title, they simply do not
have the athletic ability to compete at the highest level.

Losses to Ohio State and Texas A&M are evidence of that.

Those are two of the most athletic teams in the country. Two of the best, too.
Those type of teams stand between OU and a national title, and with the
senior-dominated lineup, the Sooners failed to handle their frantic pace.

A line-up featuring Courtney and Ashley Paris, Amanda Thompson and Jenna Plumley
gives them a better chance to beat those type of teams.

Coale allowed her seniors to see it for themselves. She continued to rely on
them even when others might have pulled the string and played the newbies. And
in the process, the Sooners lost three of four games.

So when Coale decided to make the switch at Texas A&M, the evidence was right in
front of the seniors. The team needed to play the underclassmen.

"The coolest part of them is ... they don't push us away and say, 'Oh, this is
our time," Courtney Paris said. "They say, 'Let's get these kids ready and make
them the best they can be so that they can all be the best we can be.'"

Outwardly, there is no dissent. No pouting. No squabbling.

That outward appearance is true if the team's play is any evidence. The Sooners
have won their last four, and for a stretch in the second half Sunday, they
looked like a team that could win several games in March.

During that madness, the Sooners will need their seniors.

"They're our comfort zone," Paris said. "We need Erin and Chelsea making big
shots. We need Krista and Kendra to come into the games and take the whole arena
by surprise. We depend on them a lot."

Because for as much as you can contribute the Sooners' recent surge to what the
youngsters have done, it's as much about what the seniors have done. Whether on
the court or on the bench, they've continued to contribute.

"They've had to scratch. They've had to fight," Coale said. "That's what these
guys will do."

Glitches or not, they must keep playing.

Jenni Carlson: 475-4125, jcarlson@oklahoman.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OU seniors like Chelsi Welch, bottom, and Kendra Moore have to
contribute down the stretch. - BY PAUL HELLSTERN, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              830 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                    February 27, 1994, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Not a rosy picture; Vander Wal's value is diminished

BYLINE: IAN MACDONALD

SECTION: SPORTS; SPRING TRAINING NOTEBOOK; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 487 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


The Expos have had discussions with several clubs about the services of utility
man John Vander Wal.

"We did not try to trade him," general manager Kevin Malone said. "Several clubs
expressed interest. John is still part of our mix."

Vander Wal's future with the club does not look rosy. As a pinch- hitter, spare
outfielder and sometime first baseman, Vander Wal hit .230. He is a left-handed
hitter, a valuable commodity on this team.

However, if Cliff Floyd goes north with the team, he and Randy Milligan will
handle the first-base work. Floyd, of course, is not only a left-handed hitter
but he represents power.

Vander Wal's value as an extra outfielder has been diminished. After the
starters - Larry Walker, Marquis Grissom and Moises Alou - the Expos have the
speedy Lou Frazier, Rondell White and Curtis Pride.

Even non-roster player Derek Lee has similar credentials to Vander Wal - along
with speed.

* TAVO UNDER KNIFE - Mexican right-hander Tavo Alvarez is scheduled for surgery
to repair a torn labrum in his left shoulder Tuesday at the Queen Elizabeth
Hospital in Montreal. Dr. Larry Coughlin will perform the operation. There is no
projected time for recuperation but it is expected Alvarez will return to
Triple-A Ottawa when he is sound.

* LEARY GETS CHANCE - Veteran right-hander Tim Leary, who underwent appendectomy
surgery here Friday, has been given a new life in his bid to win a roster spot.
After the operation, the word was that the 35-year-old, 10-year veteran, an
11-game winner with Seattle last year, had lost his chance. He will not be able
to pitch for six weeks.

"We had an agreement," explained Malone, "that we would release him if he didn't
make the team during spring training. Now, we're going to let him get in shape
here with the West Palm Expos (Class- A Florida State League). Once he has
recovered, we'll take it from there."

Leary was expected to battle for the fifth spot in the starting rotation.

* SANDERSON CALLS - Among those major-league pitchers who have called the Expos
to see if there is a pitching opening is right- hander Scott Sanderson. Since
pitching for the Expos (1978-83), Sanderson has been with the Cubs, Yankees and
Oakland A's (twice).

"We discussed it," Malone said about him and the staff. "We feel we are pretty
well set with the rotation. We'll talk about it seriously if one of our four
(Ken Hill, Jeff Fassero, Pedro Martinez and Kirk Rueter get hurt."

* GOOFY GOLF - Larry Walker, Jeff Fassero and Malone will be the Expos involved
in today's Goofy Celebrity golf classic at Breakers West. Three members of the
Braves will take part as well. The charity event is hosted by golf pros Mark
Calcavecchia and Ken Green. Tomorrow's main event, called 'Shootout in the
West', features the U.S. Marshals (Curtis Strange, Green and Calcavecchia)
against the Australian Outlaws (Greg Norman, Wayne Grady and mystery guests).

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1994 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              831 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 15, 2000, Tuesday

PUSH IS ON TO PROTECT WETLANDS

BYLINE: BY BILL FARRELL DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SUBURBAN; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 181 words

The U.S. deputy interior secretary swept into Staten Island last week to
announce a new initiative designed to preserve local wetlands and slow urban
sprawl.

Deputy Secretary David Hayes chose to make the announcement Friday from an
observation platform at Goethals Bridge Pond.

Its location next to a Home Depot megastore was symbolic of the balance between
conservation and development he said the federal government was trying to
maintain.

Hayes said the Interior Department was providing $3 million from the 2001
federal budget for land acquisition in the New York-New Jersey watershed.

According to officials, the New York Harbor area is home to more than 50 species
of fish and is a key breeding area for more than 80 species of waterfowl and
shorebirds.

"These areas are little jewels," Hayes said. "If we lose them, our lives are
diminished and our children's lives are diminished."

Hayes noted that the New York-New Jersey watershed has been identified by the
Interior Department as one of five or six key systems that will be receiving
special attention.


LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2000 Daily News, L.P.


                              832 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 29, 2015 Sunday

CDSA makes impact on Enid for 35 years

BYLINE: Jeff Mullin, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 1055 words


March 29--ENID, Okla. -- CDSA, Community Development Support Association, has a
bit of an identity problem.

"People don't ever really get what we do," said CDSA Executive Director Cheri
Ezzell. "One of the problems that we have had in the past and will continue to
have as long as we operate, is that nobody really understands us. And I think
the reason they don't is we do so many things. We don't just focus on one thing.
We have a dozen different programs that we're running at any given time."

The men and women of CDSA, on the other hand, know exactly what they do. The
goal of CDSA is to do whatever it can to improve life in Enid and northwest
Oklahoma through early childhood training and education, promoting
self-sufficiency and facilitating community research and planning.

More ENE 2015 Progress stories

CDSA is in its 35th year and has grown from a small organization with no staff,
just volunteers, to having 46 employees and about a $3 million budget.

"We're a financially strong organization, and we have a huge impact in this
community," Ezzell said.

Ezzell began her career at CDSA in 1997 as a part-time counselor in the
organization's housing division. She has been director for 15 years.

"What everyone says who comes to work here, or comes on our board, is the longer
I'm here the more I understand what CDSA does and the prouder I am to be part of
it," she said.

The need has not diminished

Despite the fact Garfield County's unemployment rate is about 2.7 percent, the
need for CDSA's services has not diminished, Ezzell said.

Because of the area's strong economy, Ezzell said she is often asked "Why do
people still need your assistance?"

"When I look at who we serve, what I find is that people we serve are people in
crisis," she said. "If something happens, somebody gets sick, somebody loses a
job and they need a little help to get through it. Or single moms, lots and lots
of single moms.

"If you're an unskilled woman with children, dad's not there anymore and
probably not paying child support, you could be working 40 hours a week at a
minimum wage job. It's not enough, you need some help. Or you're mentally ill,
or physically ill, or you're old, or you're disabled. Those are the people we
serve. And those people are not generally affected by a good economy."

Many people have a misconception about CDSA and other social service agencies,
Ezzell said.

"People sometimes have the idea that the people who we serve, all of us who
provide human services, are people who just can't get their act together, or who
don't want to work," she said. "By and large the people we serve are working, or
they are unable to work."

Downtown facility being used

CDSA has a heart for children, with programs such as Smart Start, Parents as
Teachers and Child Care Finders, as well as YouthBuild.

Through RX for Oklahoma, CDSA helps clients who don't have prescription drug
coverage.

The Supported Employment Program helps provide people with disabilities the
opportunity to get and keep jobs.

Through the Workforce Investment Act, CDSA provides training for those who are
either entering or re-entering the work force, or who wish to upgrade their job
skills. In addition, CDSA helps people find and maintain affordable housing.

And they do it all in the expansive Non-Profit Center in downtown Enid, a
facility the organization has occupied for two years.

All of CDSA's various agencies, scattered over various locations in the past,
are now housed under the Non-Profit Center's roof, along with other non-profit
tenants.

The facility, Ezzell said, is being used extensively.

"It's just always being used," she said. "That has worked."

Sounds of music

CDSA is awaiting approval from the Enid City Commission before permanently
installing some child-sized musical instruments in front of The Non-Profit
Center.

There will be three child-sized xylophones, tuned together.

"We are doing that right in front of our Early Childhood Center because we
wanted to call attention to our Early Childhood Center," said Ezzell. "This will
be kind of a permanent activity for kids in front of the building."

Besides, she said, Enid is known for music, from the Tri-State Music Festival
and world-renowned operatic soprano Leona Mitchell, to the late guitarist
Michael Hedges and the Enid Symphony, the oldest in the state.

"We're famous for music," said Ezzell. "We thought that's a good thing we can
do, is support music for young children."

In addition, she said, the xylophones will be a form of public art.

"This will hit three things," Ezzell said. "It will support music, it will
support our Early Childhood Center and it will be a public art installation."

Affordable housing

CDSA has purchased three houses it is in the process of renovating. Those will
be rented out. CDSA currently rents about 26 houses and manages several more.

The organization also has a tax credit application pending to construct 35
single-family units near Brookside, a new addition to be called Forest Ridge.
Ezzell said CDSA will learn in May whether or not the tax credit is approved.
CDSA is investing $225,000 in the Forest Ridge project.

"That is money we had generated over the years from other housing projects,"
said Ezzell. "That's one of our missions, to create affordable housing. For us,
that was just a really excellent use for that money."

Young at heart

Through Early Childhood Center, the Smart Start program works to ensure infants
and young children are healthy, protected, loved, stimulated and prepared for
school.

Child Care Finders helps people find quality child care and provides training to
child care operators, as well as maintains a toy lending library and resource
center for child care providers.

Parents as Teachers helps parents enhance their children's intellectual,
language and physical development.

Most of CDSA's clients have a clear and demonstrable need, Ezzell said. But not
always.

"We get taken once in awhile, somebody pulls one over on us," she said. "It's
rare, it does happen. But it is part of doing the job. That doesn't mean we
don't do the job. We're not stupid, but we're also not going to stop doing what
we do just because someone takes advantage of us once in a rare while."

___ (c)2015 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: March 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150329-EK-CDSA-makes-impact-on-Enid-for-35-years-0329-20150329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2015 Enid News & Eagle


                              833 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Farmers Weekly

                               November 21, 2014

Offer farmers a financial incentive to tackle Johne's disease

SECTION: LIVESTOCK

LENGTH: 331 words


The UK dairy industry should consider money as an â  economic engineâ  to lower
infection rates of Johneâ  s disease.

In the UK it is estimated one-third of dairy herds have a significant infection
of Johneâ  s, NMR data from September 2012 shows.

Yet few farmers are proactive about the disease unless they see an economic
benefit to lowering Johneâ  s infection on farm.

Michael Collins, from the University of Wisconsin, says offering farmers money
could help change this.â ¨â  You donâ  t need a PhD to understand what motivates
producers. Money motivates producers.â

Prof Collins says farmers are usually proactive about the disease if they have a
high prevalence and the economic gain of lowering herd incidence is, therefore,
high. Low-prevalence herds, however, perceive little economic benefit.

In the USA, $20m (Â£13m) was invested in a national eradication programme in
2000.

Money was dispersed within individual states and some of the incentives included
discounted testing, as well as infrastructure changes such as buying calf huts,
he explains.

â  As the money diminished, the enrolment of herds also diminished and it is
virtually down to zero at the moment.â

Prof Collins urges the UK to learn from the US programme.

â  Producers donâ  t recognise Johneâ  s as a very significant
production-limiting disease. Without some financial subsidy, herds donâ  t
participate.â

He believes market-driven strategies could have a key role to play in Johneâ  s
control programmes.

â  If the processor would pay those producers that tested negative some
incentive, maybe $0.05/litre [Â£0.03/litre] more, farmers would choose to go for
that incentive.â

He believes there will come a day when consumers will demand milk from Johneâ
s-free animals, particularly if the tenuous link between Johneâ  s and Crohnâ  s
disease in human is proven by scientists.

He was speaking at a Johneâ  s conference, jointly organised by Dairy UK and
DairyCo at Sixways Stadium, Worcester.

ï»¿

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine


                 Copyright 2014 Reed Business Information Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              834 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           November 5, 2005 Saturday

New J&J-Guidant deal less likely

BYLINE: Andrew Ross Sorkin and Barry Meier

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The prospects that Johnson & Johnson will reach a new agreement to buy Guidant
have diminished, with people involved in the talks expressing for the first time
some skepticism that the companies will be able to resuscitate the transaction.

The companies remained at an impasse Thursday over the price of a renegotiated
deal, the people involved said, as each side expressed increased frustration
with the other. The initial deal was worth $25.4 billion, or $76 a share

The signs of strain heighten the chances that the companies could find
themselves in a court battle if Guidant files a lawsuit seeking to force Johnson
& Johnson to complete the deal.

The relationship between Johnson & Johnson and Guidant continued to slide as the
New York State attorney general, Eliot Spitzer, announced a lawsuit he had filed
accusing Guidant of fraud in connection with sales of a defibrillator model that
short-circuited in some cases. The lawsuit seeks to require Guidant to disclose
device-malfunction data and give back profits from sales of the defibrillator.

Johnson & Johnson wants to renegotiate its deal with Guidant because it contends
that a series of recent product recalls and federal investigations have
materially affected Guidant's ''short-term results and long-term outlook.''

Guidant contends that its business may have diminished in the latest quarter but
that its long-term prospects remain strong.

Guidant's stock price rose on Friday, up 87 cents at $58.44 in early afternoon
trading following a sharp decline on Thursday when investors reacted to the
lawsuit and news of a big gap between the price each side is proposing as part
214of a new deal. Shares of Johnson & Johnson fell 61 cents on Friday to $60.59

People involved in the talks said Johnson & Johnson hoped to pay no more than
the low- to mid-s$60, while Guidant sought a price in the low s$70 or high s$60.
These people also said each side remained firm in its demands.

Other important terms of a new agreement remain to be negotiated, including a
provision called ''material adverse change'' that would protect Johnson &
Johnson if Guidant's business were damaged further. It is that clause in the
current agreement that Johnson & Johnson contends has been breached.

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              835 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                            January 11, 2010 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Diminished auto show shedding its theatrics

BYLINE: News Services

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 102  words

DATELINE: DETROIT


A diminished Detroit auto show is expected to shed its traditional theatrics
today as the Motor City's badly battered automakers work to make more out of
less.

There will be a strong emphasis on small cars and fuel efficiency, with a
37,000-square-foot display of 20 different electric vehicles which can be tested
indoors.

There will also be plenty of luxury vehicles on display despite the poor economy
and a host of trucks and sport utility vehicles to tempt consumers who aren't as
environmentally conscious.

Analysts are forecasting a rebound in U.S. auto sales to between 11 and 12.5
million vehicles this year.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              836 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

               February 19, 1999, Friday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

JURY WILL WEIGH AFFECT OF DRUG USE ON DEFENDANT'S STATE OF MIND IN SHOOTING

BYLINE: Jeremy Kohler; Of The Post-Dispatch

SECTION: METRO, Pg. B3

LENGTH: 451 words


Timothy T. Whalen, rampaging after two months of methamphetamine abuse, fired a
shotgun at three Jefferson County police officers responding to a 911 call,
causing brain damage to a deputy.

That's the state's case against Whalen.

It's also Whalen's defense.

With few facts in the case under dispute, Whalen's guilt or innocence may hinge
on whether the jury finds his drug use sparked mental illness, as a psychiatrist
testified Thursday, or whether he was just plain high that night a year ago.

The jury is likely to begin deliberations today. They received instructions from
Circuit Judge Gary Kramer: Mental illness is a viable defense; voluntary drug
use is not.

Whalen has pleaded not guilty to three counts each of first-degree assault and
armed criminal action. If the jury finds he was merely high on drugs and
convicts him of all charges, he could face life in prison.

On Jan. 29, 1998, three officers responded to a call at Whalen's trailer, in the
6600 block of Big Creek Drive.

Whalen, 35, was in a back room when Jefferson County Sheriff's Cpl. Donald J.
Cummines led the the officers inside. Whalen fired immediately, hitting Cummines
in the left forehead.

Deputy Ray Edler and Byrnes Mill Officer Dave Taylor dragged Cummines out of the
mobile home, and Whalen surrendered after a long standoff with police.
Detectives found nearly 13 grams of methamphetamine powder in his room.

Cummines largely has recovered from the injury, although he is unable to work as
a police officer. He is now the director of Jefferson County Jail.

Assistant Prosecutor Marc B. Fried and Whalen's lawyer, Paul J. D'Agrosa, of
Clayton, both rested their cases Thursday.

Whalen's wife, Misty, and his parents testified that his mental state had
deteriorated since he lost his insurance sales job in November 1997. Days before
the shooting, he tried to convince his family of a conspiracy against him by his
former employer and the government, they testified.

John Rabun, a psychiatrist with St. Louis State Mental Hospital, testified that
whether or not Whalen was intoxicated the night of the shooting is immaterial,
because he was already mentally ill from several weeks of drug use. He also
pointed out that Whalen's great-great-aunt was mentally ill 50 years ago.

Rabun examined Whalen three weeks after the shooting and diagnosed Whalen as
suffering from "amphetamine-induced psychotic disorder."

After D'Agrosa rested his case, Jefferson County Prosecuting Attorney Bob
Wilkins scoffed at the defense argument, saying that the history of mental
illness in Whalen's family was underwhelming.

"Do we find everyone not guilty because they're on drugs?" Wilkins said.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              837 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 24, 1998, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

FORMER PRESIDENTS CARTER, BUSH DEFY CUSTOM AND PUBLICLY CRITICIZE CLINTON

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A4

LENGTH: 495 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Within 24 hours, two former presidents - Jimmy Carter expansively, George Bush
most reluctantly - breached a longstanding custom of the presidency that says
once you've occupied the office you don't publicly criticize those who follow.

Neither offered much in the way of aid and comfort to a besieged Bill Clinton,
although Bush said he had no desire "to be out there carping away."

Clinton's fellow Democrat seemed to feel no such reluctance.

In a question-and-answer session with Emory University students in Atlanta,
Carter said Clinton had lied under oath. He also predicted the House would vote
to impeach Clinton but the Senate would not "marshal the two-thirds vote that
will be required to remove the president."

Carter added that he had both "deplored and been deeply embarrassed about"
Clinton's behavior with Monica Lewinsky.

Bush, 74, who lost re-election to Clinton in 1992, was far more circumspect.
Throughout an interview Wednesday on NBC's "Today," he said he was reluctant to
criticize or second-guess Clinton. "He's got enough critics out there now," Bush
said.

Finally, pressed to comment on whether Clinton had "diminished" the office of
president, Bush said, "I'm afraid, for now, it has been diminished." But he
quickly added that the office is strong, "bigger than any one person."

Beyond that, he said, he did not want to say what may be "in my heart" out of
fear of putting his sons on the spot. Jeb Bush is running for governor of
Florida and George W. Bush is seeking re-election as governor of Texas and may
become a candidate for the GOP presidential nomination in 2000.

Former President Gerald Ford, 85, who succeeded Richard Nixon when Nixon
resigned in 1974 and who was defeated in 1976 by Carter, has generally kept his
silence about Clinton.

Indeed, in June, six months after the Lewinsky affair first became public, Ford
used a Washington speech to criticize House Speaker Newt Gingrich, a fellow
Republican, as excessively partisan.

By comparison with his Republican counterparts, Carter was outspoken in his
Atlanta remarks Tuesday night.

Carter, 73, said he did not believe Clinton told the truth in his deposition for
the Paula Jones harassment suit or in his testimony for the grand jury led by
independent counsel Kenneth Starr.

At the same time, Carter also criticized "the reaction to it, the overemphasis
of it, the manner in which a very serious political and legal issue has been
addressed."

Clinton's 1996 opponent, former Sen. Bob Dole, does not have to abide by the
rules of the ex-presidents club because he never made it to the White House. In
a radio interview on Tuesday, Dole was asked if Clinton was morally fit for his
office. "I think it's a close call," he replied.

In July, when the White House was resisting efforts by Starr to get Clinton's
Secret Service agents to testify, Bush sided with Clinton, while Carter and Ford
said agents should testify in criminal cases.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 1998

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo headshots - (Jimmy) Carter, (George) Bush

                  Copyright 1998 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              838 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 30, 2013 Friday

Labor Day in Sierra likely smoky

BYLINE: Dana M. Nichols, The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 482 words


Aug. 30--SAN ANDREAS -- Expect to smell like a campfire if you go camping in the
central Sierra this Labor Day weekend. A very, very, very big campfire.

The Rim Fire, which has been burning since Aug. 17, is expected to continue
churning out smoke this weekend, although residents in some mountain communities
have reported that it has diminished in recent days. The Rim Fire also has
closed the southwestern corner of the Stanislaus National Forest to recreation
as well as parts of Yosemite National Park, part of Highway 120, and part of
Tioga Road between Tuolumne Meadows and western portions of the park.

"The parts of the park that are affected by the fire are closed. The majority of
the park is open," Yosemite spokeswoman Kari Cobb said.

Thanks to prevailing wind patterns, Yosemite Valley, Wawona and other southern
parts of Yosemite have been smoke-free.

Those same prevailing winds are not being as kind to a broad swath of the
Stanislaus, Eldorado and Tahoe national forests. Smoke has cast a dense cloak
over a region that arcs north to Lake Tahoe and includes Reno.

Schools from Calaveras County to Reno have been keeping children inside at times
to avoid the health risks of breathing dense smoke. The smoke also caused a
decline in the past two weeks in the number of people camping at Calaveras Big
Trees State Park near Arnold and in National Forest Service campgrounds along
Highway 4, representatives of those agencies said.

Calaveras Big Trees, however, reported that its campgrounds are fully booked for
today and Saturday.

Stanislaus Forest spokesman Jerry Snyder said that all of the campgrounds along
Highway 4 in the Calaveras Ranger District will be open this weekend. He said
that at the lower-elevation campgrounds, smoke has typically lifted and cleared
each day by afternoon. Smoke is expected to linger, however, at higher
elevations.

Public health authorities in Calaveras and other counties have advised residents
and visitors to be cautious about smoke exposure. Those with chronic lung
ailments or other chronic illness that makes them sensitive are advised to avoid
smoky areas.

The smoke has been a blow to a region where many businesses usually enjoy an
end-of-summer rush over Labor Day weekend.

The Tuolumne County Visitors Bureau issued a media release Thursday noting that
the smoke in recent days has somewhat diminished and urged people who visit the
county to give firefighters they will likely encounter a "thumbs-up."

The release said that a number of popular recreation sites remain open for
business this weekend, including Columbia State Historic Park and Railtown 1897
State Historic Park.

Contact reporter Dana M. Nichols at (209) 607-1361 or dnichols@recordnet.com
Visit his blog at www.recordnet.com/calaverasblog.

___ (c)2013 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130830-SK-Labor-Day-in-Sierra-likely-smoky-0830-20130830

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2013 The Record


                              839 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                            November 23, 2007 Friday

Wanted man freed from custody hours before fatal bus attack: Killer released
despite burglary arrest warrant: Mental illness no defence, victim's family say

BYLINE: Esther Addley

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 756 words


An investigation has been launched into the circumstances that allowed a man to
be released from custody to kill a passenger on a bus hours later, despite an
outstanding warrant for his arrest.

Richard Whelan, 28, was stabbed seven times in the heart and torso after
remonstrating with Anthony Joseph, 23, who was throwing chips at Whelan's
girlfriend on a London bus in July 2005. Joseph yesterday pleaded guilty to his
manslaughter due to diminished responsibility, having argued that he was
suffering from paranoid schizophrenia at the time of the attack.

It emerged yesterday that Joseph had been mistakenly released from a young
offenders' institution in Manchester only hours before the attack, after charges
of abduction and unlawful sex with a 15-year-old were dropped.

Because of a separate arrest warrant, issued after Joseph failed to attend court
in Liverpool four weeks before the killing on charges of burglary, he should
have been retained in custody, but was instead released in error from Forest
Bank young offenders' institution.

Eight hours after his release, at around 10pm on the evening of July 29, he
killed Whelan in what was described yesterday by Detective Chief Inspector John
Macdonald, who led the investigation, as a horrendous attack.

A government spokeswoman said ministers from the Home Office and Ministry of
Justice, along with the solicitor general, had written to "chief inspectors of
the Crown Prosecution Service, court administration, constabulary and prisons to
gain a full understanding of what happened in June and July 2005, and to make
sure that any mistakes that may have occurred do not happen again".

Merseyside police said yesterday that the force had followed the correct
guidelines and circulated Joseph's details on the national police computer as
soon he failed to appear in court.

Joseph's admission of manslaughter came after a second jury failed to reach a
verdict on a charge of murder. But speaking outside the court, Whelan's family
said they did not accept that Joseph was mentally ill at the time of the
killing.

"We feel that the defence of diminished responsibility has been used as a
defence for the undefendable, with so much evidence showing that Anthony Joseph
was an angry and vindictive man," said Theresa Ward, Whelan's sister.

"In our opinion, he callously killed Richard for no reason at all."

Joseph has been remanded to a secure hospital to await sentencing, pending
psychiatric reports.

Ward described her brother, an events manager originally from Gortahork in Co
Donegal, as "a very private, quiet man brought up with high values (who) treated
people with respect.

"Our lives are changed for ever. We miss Richard every day, his gentleness, his
kindness and his love, and we will always miss him in a way that is so painful
we cannot put it into words."

Earlier, Whelan's girlfriend, Kerry Barker, had told the court that they had
been travelling home on the upper deck of a number 43 bus between Islington and
Archway in north London when they noticed Joseph, seated behind them, throwing
chips at another woman, who moved to the lower deck.

After a chip hit Barker on the back of the head, her partner looked around, at
which point Joseph approached them, she said. Whelan stood up and was attacked.

"I remember trying to pull the man off Richard," she said. "I was ringing the
bell. I was screaming: 'Leave him alone.'" Other passengers described hearing a
thumping sound from the upper deck and Barker screaming "Get off him, get off
him. Oh my God, what's he doing? Make him stop."

Jo Uttley, who was sitting on the lower deck, described hearing Barker's screams
before Joseph came down the bus stairs.

"He just walked away down from the top deck with a gangster swagger as if it
meant nothing to him," she told the court. "Some said he was grinning. He looked
around the bus and demanded to be let off. He seemed to be unconnected to what
happened. He behaved so calmly."

Whelan staggered down the stairs where he removed his jacket and was heard to
say: "Look, he stabbed me." He was taken to hospital but died shortly
afterwards.

For the defence, Professor Nigel Eastman, a psychiatrist, told the court that
Joseph was now being treated for paranoid schizophrenia at Broadmoor secure
hospital, and that he believed he had been suffering from the illness and the
start of a personality disorder in July 2005.

But Dr Paul Chesterman, a psychiatrist for the prosecution, had argued that
Joseph made no complaint about his mental health until he was on remand at
Belmarsh prison.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              840 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                                 August 1, 2005

Rhode Island Superior Court Case Summaries: August 1, 2005

BYLINE: Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2862  words


Contract

Bailment - Medical laser machines

Where a dispute has arisen as to two medical laser machines which were in the
possession of a defendant company at the time it entered into receivership, I
conclude that the defendant was the bailee of the machines in question and
consequently that the bailor retains title to the machines and the right to
their current possession.

Mack v. Laser Institute of Esthetics, Inc. (Lawyers Weekly No. 61-080-05) (9
pages) (Rubine, J.) (Providence Superior Court) (Docket No. PB03-1722) (July 20,
2005).

Criminal

Post-conviction relief - Felony murder

Where a defendant, who was convicted of felony murder following the rape and
death of a 73-year-old double amputee, has requested post-conviction relief, I
find that his request must be denied because no merit exists to his claim of
ineffective assistance of counsel.

Judge's comments

"[Defendant Jeffrey S.] Washington wanted to testify at trial, just at he
promised the [victim's sister and brother-in-law] in his letters to them and as
he testified at the post-conviction hearing, to tell them the truth about what
happened. As he said, he wanted to talk not to the jury but to the victim's
family. He wanted to ask the family for the death penalty. His interest in
testifying had nothing to do with drugs or alcohol; it had nothing to do with
blackouts or severe intoxication. While he had been drinking and doing drugs on
the night in question, he was not so drunk or high as to not remember his
preparation for, consummation of and flight from the rape. He remembered those
events vividly, as evidenced by his confession to the police and the letters,
months later, that contained words as to his raw feelings about his deed that it
would be illogical to attribute to the police or to his simply repeating their
story. His confession and the letters say nothing about a high level of
intoxication or lack of memory; they are painfully detailed accounts of the
crime, full of total recall and tortured remorse. The absence of any
corroborating evidence of a blackout only reinforces this essential truth. That
is why [defense counsel Richard M.] Casparian proclaimed at trial (in apparent
outrage at having to deal with the defendant's first statement of blackout
(unsworn) in the presentence report that was not made until after he had been
convicted and could face life without parole) that 'this is not a diminished
capacity case. '

"It was not a diminished capacity case and Mr. Washington knew that. If it were
such a case, he would not know whether he raped Alice Carcieri. Instead, he
confessed to the police and the family that he did it.

"Because it was not a diminished capacity case, Mr. Casparian had no reason to
pursue forensic evidence of intoxication, and there is no evidence of any blood
taken from the defendant near in time to the crime that could have been helpful.
If the defendant's wife or others had any testimony helpful to proving blackouts
or intoxication on the night in question, then surely they would have testified
at the hearing. Without that defense, Mr. Casparian had to fight the case on
legal grounds and on the issue of causation while arguing the defendant's
remorse and acceptance of responsibility.

"Putting the defendant on the stand could have added nothing to the defense that
was not already there. After all, the defendant's real reason for testifying had
nothing to do with the jury and everything to do with the family. There is no
question, therefore, that Mr. Casparian would have done everything in his power
to counsel the defendant not to take the witness stand.

"At the beginning, it appears that he was not successful in this regard, given
his best efforts, and had little expectation that he would be successful given
the defendant's strong desire to tell the truth and to keep his promise to
Alice's family. That's why Mr. Casparian told the jury in his opening statement
that Mr. Washington would take the stand. But then the State put into evidence
all of the defendant's statements and the overwhelming evidence of the
defendant's guilt. These statements could be read to the jury in lieu of live
testimony. They could serve to fulfill his promise to the family to tell the
truth at trial. So Mr. Casparian attempted to convince the defendant, once
again, that he should not take the stand. That's why he asked the Court for more
time to recess. He would have told the defendant that he had already testified
through his confession and the letters for the jury's benefit and that he could
speak to the family later at sentencing. That is why the defendant agreed on the
record to rest, why he never asked to testify thereafter and why he indeed spoke
at sentencing.

"Viewing this case now in this light makes it nearly impossible to characterize
Mr. Casparian's performance as counsel as ineffective. Defense counsel was
presented with a case of overwhelming evidence pointing to his client's guilt
and very detailed confessions provided by his client to the police. In addition,
his client wanted to take the stand to tell the jury to put him to death. Facing
such a difficult case, defense counsel presented a zealous defense, challenging
the interpretation of the felony murder statute and attempting to disprove the
causation between the rape and the death, which was required for the State to
prove the charge of felony murder. It is difficult to imagine what other course
defense counsel could have taken, considering the evidence against his client
and his client's willingness to concede his guilt. His performance was admirable
given the ship he had to steer between the shoals.

"This case, at rock bottom, is not really about ineffective assistance of
counsel. It is not really about blackouts or intoxication. It is not a case
about a biased jury or errors at trial. It is not a case about who did the
crime.

"Knowing that he proved the case for the State at trial, Mr. Washington's
pursuit of intoxication evidence and a new trial or sentence are simply his way
of requiring the State (regardless of whether he is guilty) to prove him guilty
of the crime on its own, without his confessions. By blaming Mr. Casparian and
Justice [Thomas J.] Caldarone [Jr.] for errors at trial, and by waiting to bring
those claims until after the death of his counsel and the retirement of the
trial justice, Mr. Washington increases the likelihood that the State will be
put through its paces. And he thinks that, without ever having to tell the truth
from the witness stand, he just might prevail.

"Yet Mr. Washington, this Court has reviewed all of your claims and rejects
them. It finds that the truth as to these claims is what you said before and
what the jury fairly found, with able assistance to you by counsel.

"The petition of Jeffrey Washington for post-conviction relief is denied in its
entirety. "

Washington v. State (Lawyers Weekly No. 61-079-05) (62 pages) (Savage, J.)
(Providence Superior Court) (C.A. No. PM98-1623) (July 18, 2005).

Insurance

Severance - Bad faith

Where (1) a plaintiff filed suit charging the defendant insurance company with
breach of contract and breach of the duty of good faith and (2) the insurance
company has moved for severance of the latter claim, the motion should be denied
as unripe.

"In this proceeding the trial court is called upon to consider whether severance
of a bad faith claim against an insurer is mandatory. ...

"As [plaintiff Jennifer L.] Weeks has not yet requested punitive damages, or
propounded discovery, this Court follows the lead of Skaling [v. Aetna Insurance
Company, 799 A.2d 997, 1010 (R.I. 2002)] and holds that the motion to sever is
not yet ripe. This Court reserves to itself the right to limit discovery once
discovery is propounded, and specifically reserves to the trial justice the
right to bifurcate or sever the trial.

"Accordingly, the Motion to Sever is denied without prejudice. "

Weeks v. Progressive Insurance Co. (Lawyers Weekly No. 61-082-05) (3 pages)
(Lanphear, J.) (Washington Superior Court) (W.C. No. 04-744) (June 23, 2005).

Negligence

Aircraft - Lease - Vicarious liability

Where a plaintiff claims that a lessee of an aircraft acted negligently, the
defendant lessor of the aircraft will be held vicariously liable should a jury
enter a finding of negligence on the part of the lessee.

"Pursuant to Rule 56 of the Superior Court Rules of Civil Procedure, this matter
comes before the Court on a motion for partial summary judgment filed by
Plaintiff Christine Coleman. The Plaintiff's motion requires the Court to
determine whether the applicable statutory law imposes vicarious liability on
the owner of an aircraft for any negligence attributed to an authorized lessee
of said aircraft. Specifically, the Plaintiff asks the Court to declare that -
in the event a jury finds Brooks Kay negligent - Windham Aviation is vicariously
liable for said negligence. Invoking the doctrine of federal preemption,
Defendant Windham has filed a timely objection advancing the argument that 49
U.S.C. Sect. 44112 negates the imposition of vicarious liability solely on the
basis of ownership. Although there are numerous defendants, the current motion
deals only with Defendant Windham. On June 13, 2005, the parties presented oral
arguments to the Court on this motion. For the reasons set forth below, the
Plaintiff's motion for partial summary judgment is granted. ...

"After reviewing the committee reports, the Court has no difficulty concluding
that Congress passed Sect. 1404 to facilitate the financing of private airplanes
by exempting owners or lessors holding only a security interest in an aircraft
from liability for negligent operation of that aircraft. In addition, the report
also explicitly states the intent of Congress to hold owners in possession of an
aircraft, either personally or through an agent, liable for damages caused by
negligent operation. Therefore, the recodification impermissibly extends the
scope of the exemption well beyond the confines of the predecessor statute.
Because the Court is bound by the intent of the predecessor statute, the Court
finds that Sect. 44112 does not provide an exemption for Defendant Windham as
they outright owned the Piper involved in the fatal collision. Consequently, the
Court must decide whether Defendant Windham will be liable under applicable
state law. ...

"In the case at bar, Rhode Island and Connecticut have compatible laws on the
issue of vicarious liability for owners of aircraft. Consequently, the Court
will invoke its discretion to bypass the choice of law question because the
parties have conceded that the application of either state's law will lead to
the same result - the imposition of vicarious liability on Defendant Windham.
Therefore, the Court holds that if a jury finds Kay negligently operated the
Piper thereby causing the fatal accident on November 16, 2003, Defendant Windham
is vicariously liable for that negligence. "

Coleman v. Windham Aviation Inc., et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 61-078-05) (12
pages) (Thompson, J.) (Kent Superior Court) (C.A. No. K.C. 2004-0985) (July 18,
2005).

Real property

Restrictive covenant - Pond - Dam maintenance

Where plaintiffs, who own land abutting a pond, seek to enforce a restrictive
covenant in the defendant landowners' deeds requiring all abutters to share in
the cost of maintaining a dam, the covenant is enforceable and all but two
defendants have a legal obligation to share the cost of the maintenance or
repair of the dam.

Enforceability of covenant

"A restriction in the deeds in the chains of title of each of the abutters to
the Pond contains the following language: 'This parcel is conveyed subject to
the obligation to share on a Pro Rata Basis the cost of maintenance or repair of
the Dam on Yonker Mill Pond also known as Yawgoo Mill Pond if any such repair is
required. This obligation shall be shared on an equal basis with all lot owners
who have frontage on the aforesaid pond. When a majority of the lot owners with
frontage on the pond vote that such work is needed, or if required by a
Governmental Agency, or recommended by a suitable engineering firm, it shall be
undertaken. ' A question has arisen as to whether the aforementioned restriction
appears in all deeds of the abutters, because Defendants [Karen M.] D'Olivo and
[Nancy J.] Mowry allege that their deed does not contain such a restrictive
covenant. ...

"There is no factual dispute that the deeds contain the restrictive covenant
language stated above, with the exception of the deeds received by Defendants
D'Olivo and Mowry. As to all others, the restrictive language appears and must
be given effect based on its plain and ordinary meaning. ... The clear purpose
behind such a restrictive covenant is the continued existence of the dam without
burdening a single property owner with its maintenance. Due to the importance of
the Pond and the numerous benefits derived from it, the original grantor likely
intended that as parcels were divided and transferred, all those who derived
benefit from the Pond would contribute to its continued existence through the
upkeep of the dam. Since there is no dispute as to the existence of the
restrictions in said deeds, there is no material fact that could change the
legal applicability of the restrictive covenants. Additionally, nothing in the
language of the restrictive covenant burdens the free alienability of land. ...
Thus, summary judgment is appropriate in this case at least as far as all
Defendants except D'Olivo and Mowry are concerned.

"As to Defendants D'Olivo and Mowry, there does appear to be some issue of
material fact with regard to whether they do or do not in fact have any frontage
on the Pond. They state in their memorandum that the 'property lies partially
under the Pond and partially near the Pond, but these two portions ... are
separated from the landward rim of the Pond ... by a narrow two-foot strip of
land belonging to an adjacent owner. The only point at which their property
touches the Pond is at the dam. ... ' ... It seems strange that a lot would have
land area both under the water in the Pond and on land adjacent to the Pond, but
with said portions being separated by a 2 foot wide swath of land owned by
another. The land does abut the actual dam itself, however.

"A factual question that may arise here is whether these Defendants (D'Olivo and
Mowry) derive enjoyment or benefit from the Pond. One could say they derive
benefit from the existence of the dam, and should therefore pay for its upkeep.
Another question would be whether this alleged 2 foot wide portion of land
actually restricts Defendants' use of the Pond, etc. As to all other Defendants,
however, there can be no question that they derive some benefit from the Pond,
and thus, it is appropriate that they be legally burdened to pay for the
continued existence of the Pond through the maintenance of the dam which created
the Pond in the first place. ...

"Though it does not appear in deeds either before or after, the restrictive
covenant does appear in a 1986 deed. Defendants D'Olivo and Mowry allege
scrivener's error because an adjacent parcel was conveyed at the same time,
which did have Pond frontage, and the deeds are identical in every way except
for the property description attached at the end of the documents. As to the
alleged scrivener's error, there is no actual evidence before this Court on that
issue. Defendants D'Olivo and Mowry have merely presented speculative,
circumstantial evidence. This issue would need a more detailed title search in
order to discover whether the chain of title ever did contain such a restriction
on their property. If D'Olivo and Mowry's title showed such a restriction
earlier, rather than only once in the middle of the chain of title, then they
too would be subject to a covenant which runs with the land and binds them.
However, it is unclear that such covenant appeared prior to 1986. ...

"Defendants (except D'Olivo and Mowry) rely on arguments as to why the
restrictive covenant does not apply, but have failed to bring to this Court's
attention any material facts in question that would prevent the grant of summary
judgment. Based on the lack of disputed material facts, this Court hereby grants
partial summary judgment in favor of the Plaintiffs, with respect to all
Defendants. Defendants D'Olivo and Mowry are excepted from this summary judgment
order because questions of material fact are present in connection with the
claims against them. Against the other Defendants, summary judgment is afforded
on the issue of liability relative to paragraph one of the Prayers for Relief in
the Amended Declaratory Judgment Complaint.

"Specifically the Court grants Plaintiffs' request for a declaratory judgment
that all defendants (other than Ms. D'Olivo and Ms. Mowry) have a legal
obligation to share the cost of the maintenance or repair of the Dam on Yonker
Mill Pond. Defendants' motion for summary judgment is denied. Plaintiffs shall
submit any necessary orders. "

Bivona, et al. v. Bos-Ten, LLC, et al. (Lawyers Weekly No. 61-081-05) (8 pages)
(Lanphear, J.) (Washington Superior Court) (C.A. No. WC 04-0485) (July 25,
2005).

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              841 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                           Ledger (Lakeland, Florida)

                             April 6, 1998, Monday

LOCKHEED, GOODWILL IN COMPETITION

BYLINE: ERIC PERA The Ledger

SECTION: Metro; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 588 words


BARTOW -- Lockheed Martin Corp., the aerospace contractor which has softened its
image by edging into jobs training for welfare recipients, has severed ties with
Goodwill Industries -- Heart of Florida.

The two are competing with a third company for a $ 3.3 million contract in Polk
County.

Lockheed Martin IMS, a subsidiary of the Maryland-based military contractor,
holds a $ 1.6 million contract to help welfare recipients find jobs in Polk. The
contract expires June 30, as does a $ 1.2 million contract held by Henkels and
McCoy Inc., a Pennsylvania construction firm, to train and put to work Polk's
low-income adults, students and the disabled.

Both companies, including Goodwill, are competing for a new contract that would
consolidate services to improve efficiency and save administrative costs.

Lockheed last year was awarded the job of ushering in Polk's welfare-to-work
initiative, under the auspices of the Polk Workforce Development Board.

It was Goodwill's track record in jobs training that helped Lockheed win that
contract, said Linda LaMona, president of the local Goodwill.

But Lockheed's proposal for the new contract diminished Goodwill's role in
finding jobs for the least employable and case assessment, she said.

"We decided the only recourse was for us to try to compete," she said.

LaMona said her agency was founded in 1902 and has been in the business of jobs
training since. As a nonprofit organization, its sole motivation is helping
others, she said.

"Lockheed Martin has just come in to the business in recent years and their
motivation and their interests is a bottom line," said LaMona. "They have
stockholders who have to be pleased."

Goodwill Industries -- Heart of Florida in Lakeland is a partner in Employment
Solutions Inc., a new firm that includes Goodwill Industries of Southeastern
Wisconsin, Tri-County Human Services in Winter Haven and Learning Resource
Center of Polk County.

On Thursday, the development board's Work and Gain Economic Self-Sufficiency
(WAGES) Committee will make its recommendation for awarding the new contract.
The full board is expected to vote on April 16.

Lockheed is the low bidder at $ 2.97 million, followed by Employment Solutions,
$ 3.02 million and Henkels, $ 3.27 million.

Steve Thompson, Polk project manager for Lockheed, said his company made a fair
offer to keep Goodwill as a partner, though it would have taken away
responsibility for case management.

"They felt, obviously, that was a diminished role," he said. "We offered them an
equivalent role, not a diminished role."

In its bid for the larger contract, Lockheed instead would partner with Polk
Community College, Polk County Opportunity Council and the Labor Department's
Division of Jobs and Benefits.

In March, Lockheed Martin IMS was awarded a $ 20 million contract in a pilot
program to oversee all welfare functions in Palm Beach, Lake and Sumter counties
-- the first time a private company has been given such far-reaching authority,
from front-end eligibility determination to job training and placement.

The company is already providing job training, placement, retention and other
support services to 70 percent of Florida's welfare population.

The single contract up for grabs in Polk could include up to an additional $ 1.4
million to train a category of welfare recipients considered the least
employable.

The additional money depends on how lawmakers distribute savings from welfare
recipients who have left the rolls.

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

             Copyright 1998 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation


                              842 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           November 29, 2007 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Road map to peace still leads nowhere

BYLINE: Ed O'Loughlin Middle East Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; International News; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 579 words


FOR all the flowery language at Annapolis this week the prospects for a Middle
East settlement remain bleak indeed.

The conference's minimalist joint declaration - itself agreed only at the very
last minute, under strong US pressure - does nothing more than to restate both
sides' commitment to the 2003 "road map" for peace.

But the road map is already dead, even though it was born under far happier
stars than this week's Annapolis Declaration.

The comparisons are pitiless. In June 2003 the US President, George Bush, was at
the height of his power, having just declared "mission accomplished" in Iraq.

Sitting across from Bush at the summit in Aqaba, Jordan was Ariel Sharon, the
Likud party's legendary right-wing "bulldozer", with the unique standing and
cunning to face down critics on the left and the right.

On Bush's other hand sat Mahmoud Abbas, whose new job as Palestinian Authority
prime minister had been created specially for him, under massive US pressure, to
sideline his boss, Palestinian Authority chairman Yasser Arafat, boycotted by
Israel and the US as an alleged sponsor of terrorism.

Not only did the moderate Abbas then enjoy the goodwill of almost the entire
international community - including most of the Arab world - he even had the
respect, if not support, of key figures in the largest Palestinian militant
group, Hamas.

At Aqaba it was agreed that as a first step towards final peace talks Israel
would freeze settlement building in the West Bank and ease its military
occupation of the Palestinian territories. The Palestinians would eliminate
terrorism and armed resistance. Neither side honoured even these first,
preliminary obligations. The road map was dead by the end of the year. Four
years later Bush is a lame-duck president, with abysmally low domestic approval
ratings and gravely diminished influence abroad. The strong and cocky Bush of
2003 promised to "ride herd" on both sides' road map obligations. This time
around his advisers have made it clear that he intends to play no further role
in forcing the Israelis and Palestinians to make necessary compromises.

On the Israeli side Ariel Sharon, comatose following a stroke in January last
year, has been replaced by Ehud Olmert, a man with even less domestic clout and
popularity than Bush.

Two of the right-wing parties in Israel's governing coalition have already
announced that they will pull out of government if Olmert even tries to discuss
with the Palestinians concessions on core issues. Olmert has no chance of
surviving any resulting election, and losing power would make him all the more
vulnerable to the numerous corruption investigations hanging over him.

On the Palestinian side, Abbas is also a gravely diminished figure. In January
last year his corrupt and ramshackle Fatah party lost parliamentary elections to
the Islamist Hamas movement, and in June this year its militias were easily
routed by Hamas in the Gaza Strip despite US and Israeli backing.

Meanwhile, Fatah's alliance with the US and Israel against Hamas - coupled with
its long-standing failure to curb Israel's settlement building and
ever-tightening restrictions on daily life and trade in the occupied territories
- have left Abbas deeply vulnerable to accusations of collaboration. Under the
circumstances, Olmert and Abbas came to the US this week with little to hope for
but much to fear. Neither could afford to concede a goal so they played for a
scoreless draw, which is precisely what they got.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Lame ducks ... on shaky ground politically, Ehud Olmert, left,
George Bush and Mahmoud Abbas are not expected to achieve anything concrete at
Annapolis. Photo: AFP/Saul Loeb Security is tight around the conference. Photo:
Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2007 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              843 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                           September 29, 2006 Friday

Privacy and government a bad mix

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 276 words


The Adams Select Board will travel a hazardous path if it adopts a privacy
policy preventing town employees from being referred to by name in public
discussion. A revised privacy policy was put forward by Selectwoman Myra Wilk
following a North Adams Transcript story naming the town employee in a position
that was to be eliminated. The report was both newsworthy and benign, and while
the details of the revised policy are vague, secrecy in government matters, from
local to state to national, is generally a poor idea. While Ms. Wilk feels a
need to protect the privacy rights of Adams employees, a guide to the state's
public-records law written last year by the secretary of state's office observes
that in the interests of public knowledge, "Public employees have a diminished
expectation of privacy in matters relating to their public employment." That "
diminished expectation" is a small price to pay for the public's knowledge of
matters related to their community.

Buying local is healthy and wise

The good advice issued Wednesday by the state Department of Agriculture to buy
locally grown spinach extends to a wide variety of locally grown products. The
federal Food and Drug Administration has traced the E. coli bacteria that caused
a nationwide spinach scare to farms in California, and as is outlined in the
column "Something's rotten" on the opposite page, large industrial farms that
manage to avoid regular health inspections may produce foods that are hazardous
to the health of consumers. Small farms like Equinox Farm in Sheffield and Taft
Farm in Great Barrington among others give customers of local markets and co-ops
a fresh option.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              844 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 22, 2006 Thursday

Lowry's diminished velocity catches manager's attention

BYLINE: Chris Haft, Mercury News

SECTION: SP; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 358 words


Noah Lowry's diminished velocity aroused Manager Felipe Alou's concern
Wednesday.

Alou called Lowry's stuff ``very mild,'' citing the left-hander's fastball,
which often ranged in the 84-85 mph neighborhood. Typically, Lowry's fastball is
88-91 mph, a sufficient complement to his change-up.

``We're going to look into it and see what's causing it,'' Alou said of Lowry's
dip. ``Maybe Friday we'll talk a little bit about what's causing it. It's not
his `A' stuff that we've seen in his last several starts.''

``Obviously the velocity's down, but you work with what you've got,'' said
Lowry, who allowed the Los Angeles Angels three runs and nine hits in six
innings after he surrendered five runs and eight hits in three innings Friday at
Seattle. Before that, Lowry had yielded just three runs and eight hits in 13
innings spanning two starts.

Lowry insisted that he's pain-free and unaffected by his right side, which
sidelined him for a month after he strained it in the April 6 home opener.
However, he conceded that missing so much activity might have affected him:
``It's been a seriously rough stretch since I came back.''

When Barry Bonds pinch hit with runners on the corners in the seventh inning,
none out and the Giants trailing 3-2, little did Alou know that the Giants would
have runners on second and third and one out in the ninth against Angels closer
Francisco Rodriguez, who struck out Kevin Frandsen and coaxed Jason Ellison's
groundout.

Of course, Alou had no crystal ball to tell him when to use Bonds.

``Another guy could have done the same thing and you still would have had Bonds
there in the ninth inning,'' Alou said, referring to Bonds' double-play grounder
in the seventh that scored a run but killed the rally.

Bonds had started five consecutive games, including two as a designated hitter
last weekend in Seattle.

``Last night he didn't swing the bat very well,'' Alou said, referring to Bonds'
0-for-4 effort Tuesday. Bonds' .244 average is the lowest it has been since May
27 (.243).

Frandsen, recalled from Triple-A Fresno after Tuesday's game, might play more
often than he did in his previous two Giants stints, Alou said.

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              845 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                            January 1, 2002 Tuesday

Red Cross: Donations flow slowing; Blood: Certain types are needed at center
located in Dubuque

BYLINE: ERIK HOGSTROM

SECTION: Pg. a3

LENGTH: 489 words


Regional blood donations that peaked after Sept. 11 are now dwindling.

"Many of the people who came in for Sept. 11 have not come in and given again,"
said Dawn Swift, blood-center representative at the American Red Cross
Badger-Hawkeye Blood Center in Dubuque.

After an initial rush of donors, Swift said donations have "tapered off
significantly since Nov. 1."

Based in Madison, Wis., the Badger-Hawkeye region encompasses most of eastern
Iowa, Wisconsin and northern Illinois and includes a blood-collection center in
Dubuque.

Heading into November, local blood-center collections neared 96 percent of each
daily donation goal, usually about 200 pints.

"Coming into December, we were struggling at 91 percent," Swift said.

In practical terms, those lowered donations are not good for hospitals that rely
on Red Cross blood.

"We have to short hospitals their orders," Swift said.

Such hospitals, Swift said, will have less stock on hand. "We've been struggling
on certain blood types, mainly O-negative. That's what most hospitals want,"
Swift said.

Diminished donations have yet to translate into diminished supplies at local
hospitals.

"We have not seen any shortage as of yet," said Mary Knapp, patient-care
coordinator at Mercy Medical Center-Dubuque.

The Finley Hospital officials said they have not experienced a shortage, nor do
they anticipate a downturn in hospital blood supply.

According to the American Red Cross, approximately 32,000 units (pints) of red
blood cells are required within the United States on any given day.

However, only about 5 percent of the eligible population donates blood. All
donors must be at least 17, weigh at least 110 pounds and be in good health.

Swift fears that a recent nationwide controversy surrounding distribution of
donations to the American Red Cross Liberty Fund could be a factor in the recent
decline. She also cited misunderstandings about blood "outdating," the
discarding of blood past its shelf life.

"A lot of it stems from what I call the 'whiplash effect' of the criticism of
the American Red Cross," Swift said. "Many people outraged about outdating are
new to our system. They don't realize we do outdate blood."

Discarding 3 to 5 percent of collected red blood cells is considered normal. Red
blood cells have a 42-day shelf life.

Swift said confusion over the Red Cross policy of freezing blood also could have
impacted the donation shortfall. "People think that because we froze blood we're
doing OK," Swift said.

However, Swift said the blood frozen across the country after Sept. 11 never was
intended to help blood centers with their everyday needs.

"It's been strategically placed across the country, in case of future attacks,"
Swift said.

Whatever the cause of the decline, "We're hoping people will start getting back
out and giving blood," Swift said. "We hope they realize their blood is needed
every day."

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2002 Woodward Communications, Inc.


                              846 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

Student's killer tells court 'send me to prison for 65 years'

BYLINE: Helen Carter

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 384 words


The man who has admitted killing an Indian student on Boxing Day yesterday told
a courtroom that he was "not bothered" about spending time in prison

Kiaran Stapleton, 21, from Ordsall, Salford, who is on trial for murdering
postgraduate student Anuj Bidve in an unprovoked attack, was asked by
prosecution barrister Brian Cummings QC at Manchester crown court if he hoped
psychiatric reports considering diminished responsibility would be in his
favour.

He replied: "To be honest, I'm not bothered. I love prison. I watch Coronation
Street. I have got a fat canteen. I love prison. Lock me up for 65 years."

Looking to the jury from the witness box, he added: "Does this face look
bothered? I have even got a new rug and bedding coming for my cell. I'm not
bothered."

Earlier, he was accused of mocking the court after he refused to answer
questions about a teardrop he had inked on his face, which can be a symbol for
having killed someone.

Under cross-examination, Stapleton was asked why he decided to get the teardrop
tattoo two days after the fatal shooting.

Stapleton explained he knew that it had several meanings, including signifying
the wearer had killed someone, and that he told staff at the tattoo shop "that
he had killed his goldfish." Asked about the significance of his comments, he
replied: "I don't wish to discuss that. I might have animal cruelty sending me
letters at HMP Manchester."

Cummings asked him: "Are you being serious or are you making fun of the
proceedings?" "No, no, I'm being serious," Stapleton replied.

The court has heard that Stapleton approached Bidve, 23, and his friends on
Boxing Day. He asked them the time and when one of them replied, he pulled out a
gun and shot Bidve in the head, killing him.

Stapleton admits manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility, but
denies murder. The plea was rejected by the prosecution and the matter proceeded
to trial.

Stapleton admitted he told a prosecution psychiatrist in interview there was "no
light at the end of the tunnel" if he were to be convicted of murder. But a
manslaughter verdict would help him get help with his diagnosed dangerous
personality disorder, he said.

The trial continues.

'I love prison. I watch Coronation Street. I have a fat canteen . . . Does this
face look bothered?' Stapleton said in court

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              847 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                          The Guardian - Final Edition

                             July 10, 2012 Tuesday

Student's killer tells court 'send me to prison for 65 years'

BYLINE: Helen Carter

SECTION: GUARDIAN HOME PAGES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 386 words


The man who has admitted killing an Indian student on Boxing Day yesterday told
a courtroom that he was "not bothered" about spending time in prison

Kiaran Stapleton, 21, from Ordsall, Salford, who is on trial for murdering
postgraduate student Anuj Bidve in an unprovoked attack, was asked by
prosecution barrister Brian Cummings QC at Manchester crown court if he hoped
psychiatric reports considering diminished responsibility would be in his
favour.

He replied: "To be honest, I'm not bothered. I love prison. I watch Coronation
Street. I have got a fat canteen. I love prison. Lock me up for 65 years."

Looking to the jury from the witness box, he added: "Does this face look
bothered? I have even got a new rug and bedding coming for my cell. I'm not
bothered."

Earlier, he was accused of mocking the court after he refused to answer
questions about a teardrop he had inked on his face, which can be a symbol for
having killed someone.

Under cross-examination, Stapleton was asked why he decided to get the teardrop
tattoo two days after the fatal shooting.

Stapleton explained he knew that it had several meanings, including signifying
the wearer had killed someone, and that he told staff at the tattoo shop "that
he had killed his goldfish." Asked about the significance of his comments, he
replied: "I don't wish to discuss that. I might have animal cruelty sending me
letters at HMP Manchester."

Cummings asked him: "Are you being serious or are you making fun of the
proceedings?" "No, no, I'm being serious," Stapleton replied.

The court has heard that Stapleton approached Bidve, 23, and his friends on
Boxing Day. He asked them the time and when one of them replied, he pulled out a
gun and shot Bidve in the head, killing him.

Stapleton admits manslaughter on the grounds of diminished responsibility, but
denies murder. The plea was rejected by the prosecution and the matter proceeded
to trial.

Stapleton admitted he told a prosecution psychiatrist in interview there was "no
light at the end of the tunnel" if he were to be convicted of murder. But a
manslaughter verdict would help him get help with his diagnosed dangerous
personality disorder, he said.

The trial continues.

Captions:

'I love prison. I watch Coronation Street. I have a fat canteen . . . Does this
face look bothered?' Stapleton said in court

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Guardian Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              848 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 4, 2011 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Meeting needs at the source

BYLINE: The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 542 words


May 04--Frederick Douglass once said, "It's easier to build strong children than
to repair broken men." Sonoma County is in the process of converting that
profound truth into an investment policy -- a strategy for improving the quality
of life of Sonoma County's residents.

And the timing and need for this program couldn't be better.

As with most governments, Sonoma County's resources have been dramatically
reduced, and they face even further reductions in the days to come. As a result,
the funds the county has available for contracts with community groups
addressing everything from poverty and hunger to domestic violence, affordable
housing and education have diminished as well.

But rather than simply slashing away at those contracts, the county is wisely
looking to ensure that its money goes to programs that have evidence to prove
they're effective and are making a measurable difference in the lives of
residents.

In particular, the county is looking at investing in "upstream" programs that
pre-empt the need for the involvement later on of expensive services such as
criminal justice, child welfare, drug addiction programs and the like.

The county contends, for example, that for every dollar it spends keeping a
child in school and away from gangs and drugs is many dollars saved down the
line on the criminal justice system.

Likewise, that for every dollar spent on the Nurse Family Partnership program --
a voluntary home-visiting program for first-time, low-income mothers -- the
county saves $1.47 on the mother and $16.62 on the child. Prevent a child from
becoming a drug abuser as an adult and you save society roughly $250,000 in
treatment, medical care and other costs. In other words, the more the county
invests in programs that address social, economic, educational and family
issues, the more it saves down the line.

"We think this is a true game-changer," Supervisor Efren Carrillo said during a
during a recent meeting with The Press Democrat Editorial Board.

"We are trying to be good stewards of the diminished funding we have right now
in the public sector," Supervisor Shirlee Zane added.

We believe going upstream is the right direction for the county. But much will
hinge on supervisors maintaining their resolve in the face of criticism -- and
holding nonprofits and others accountable for achieving the goals for success
that will be set out for them.

Meanwhile, the county will need to accept the harsh reality that investing in
upstream programs will most likely mean scaling back on assistance for those now
in need downstream.

The county, and community groups, can't be all things to all people. Trying to
do so could result in this program going where all well-meaning initiatives go
to die -- on a dusty shelf. Too much good work has gone into this to let that
happen. We encourage the county to stay the course and make the most out of what
limited dollars it has.

To see more of The Press Democrat, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.pressdemocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Press Democrat, Santa
Rosa, Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110504-UR-EDITORIAL-Meeting-needs-at-the-source-0504-20110504

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                                 Copyright 2011


                              849 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                              June 5, 2009 Friday

Judicial pay issue could be heard at N.Y. Court of Appeals

BYLINE: Elizabeth Stull

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 790  words


The last of three cases challenging New York's longtime failure to give state
judges a raise will be argued Tuesday.

Justice Edward Lehner in New York City scheduled oral arguments in the case of
Kaye v. Silver, 400763/08, after an appellate court upheld a decision in a
similar case, Patricia Dillon, the judge's confidential secretary said.

The First Department panel on Tuesday unanimously upheld Justice Lehner's
decision in Larabee v. Governor, 4761-4761A, and gave the state Legislature 90
days to enact a 30 percent cost-of-living increase in state judges' pay.

In a 25-page decision written by Appellate Justice Peter Tom, the court
concluded that although judicial compensation was not diminished
unconstitutionally, the Legislature had breached the separation of powers
doctrine by making judicial pay dependent on legislative salary requests.

It seems likely the issue is now headed for the Court of Appeals.

In a conflicting decision issued last year, the Third Department dismissed a
similar lawsuit. Maron v. Silver, 58 AD 3d 102.

If the Legislature fails to comply with the court order issued Tuesday, an
attorney for the plaintiffs has said that he will take the case to the state's
highest court.

The governor's office did not return calls for comment at press time. A
spokesman for Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver said he was reviewing the decision
and a spokesman for the Office of Court Administration declined to comment on
pending litigation but said, "The decision speaks for itself. "

Judges have not received a pay increase or a cost of living adjustment since
1998.

The estimated increase in the cost of living since that time ranges from 26 to
30 percent, according to court papers. Trial judges continue to earn $136,700,
which is less than many first-year associates in Manhattan.

The plaintiffs in Larabee - Manhattan Family Court Judge Susan Larabee,
Cattaraugus County Family Court Judge Michael Nenno, Manhattan Civil Court Judge
Geoffrey Wright and Manhattan Criminal Court Judge Patricia Nunez - argued that
judicial salaries in New York have fallen so far behind inflation that their pay
was unconstitutionally diminished, violating New York Constitution Art. VI, §25.

Like Justice Lehner and the Third Department in Maron, the First Department
rejected that claim, finding no affirmative reduction of judicial salaries.

Unlike the Third Department, the First Department rejected the defendants' claim
of legislative immunity under state Constitution Article III, §11.

"The original purpose of legislative immunity was to insulate legislators from
intimidation by the executive branch as well as protect them from being held
accountable for their acts by a possibly hostile Judiciary," Justice Tom wrote,
citing case law.

The panel in Larabee concluded that "the overtly political manner in which
linkage was employed" was not entitled to legislative immunity.

"[F]ailure to increase judicial compensation can only be explained by reference
to the political conflicts between the legislature and the chief executive,
which had no relation to budgetary considerations pertaining to judicial
compensation," Justice Tom wrote.

"The judiciary was not intended to be subordinated to legislative whim on
matters of compensation," even though no state money may be spent without a
budget appropriation, Justice Tom's decision also states.

He cited New York's "constitutional architecture. " Judicial compensation
provisions are specified under a separate article for the judiciary.

The First Department decision also disagrees with the Third Department's
conclusion that there was no separation of powers claim in Maron because the
judicial system was not impaired.

"The threat to judicial independence arises ... not only from specific instances
of legislative or executive overreaching, but also when political jousting
erodes the institutional barricades which protect the judicial branch," Justice
Tom wrote. "If the acts of another branch of government threaten the functional
independence of the Judiciary as an institution, then the 'separateness' of
those branches may become illusory,. "

The First Department dismissed an action against the governor, finding his
office blameless for the Legislature's continued failure to act.

Plaintiff/Judge Nenno said on Thursday that he was "very pleased" with the First
Department's decision.

So, too, was former Fourth Department Justice Robert Lunn, of the Lunn Trotto
Law Firm in Greece.

Lunn traveled to Albany in 2005 to work with now Chief Administrative Judge Ann
Pfau and former Chief Administrative Judge Jonathan Lippman on getting more pay
for judges.

"If [state legislators] do the right thing, they'll simply accept the decision
and pay the judges and move forward," Lunn said.

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              850 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                    November 16, 2004 Tuesday, FINAL Edition

Snowe, Collins laud Powell for his service;
The secretary of state was a consensus-builder, Maine's senators say.

BYLINE: DAVID HENCH Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 442 words


Maine's U.S. senators Monday lauded the service of departing Secretary of State
Colin Powell, saying he was respected around the world and a consensus-builder
at home.

"A true statesman, Colin Powell's diplomatic and steady voice will be truly
missed both at home and, indeed, around the world," Sen. Olympia Snowe said.

Fellow Republican Sen. Susan Collins said that Powell "has always shown a
willingness to work across party lines and to bring together people of different
ideologies."

Others in Maine expressed respect for Powell, but said his views and influence
ultimately diminished in favor of other presidential advisers.

The turnover following President George W. Bush's victory in this month's
elections is not unusual.

In his second term, President Clinton shuffled most of the 14 top administration
posts in his Cabinet. Only four members of President Reagan's original Cabinet
remained a year into his second term.

President Nixon replaced every member of his Cabinet at least once in the five
years of his administration, and only three of Jimmy Carter's Cabinet members
served the entire four years of his presidency.

There tends to be a significant difference between a president's original
appointees and those who come in the second term, said Richard Maiman, head of
the political science department at the University of Southern Maine.

"A Cabinet is as much an exercise in public relations as it is an exercise in
administration," Maiman said. "Very often the people in the first Cabinet are
what are called Washington outsiders. . . to basically satisfy various
constituencies and kind of establish a tone for the administration."

"In the second term, presidents tend to support more experienced insiders to
replace the original appointments," he said.

Even though his influence was diminished, Powell's resignation will cost the
Cabinet one of its most respected members here and abroad, Maiman said. Powell
chaired the Joint Chiefs of Staff under Clinton and the first President Bush
and, Maiman says, might have won the presidential nomination in either party in
2000.

"There is not any likelihood a similar figure will be appointed in the second
term. I don't even know of any similar figures."

Powell could have been more effective, but he was undermined by others in the
administration, said Winston McGill, president of the NAACP in Portland.

"I don't see his stature diminished. If anything, it may be enhanced."

With the departure of Powell and Paige, McGill looks for more African-Americans
in a second term.

Staff Writer David Hench can be contacted at 791-6327 or at:
dhench@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.


                              851 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 5, 2011 Tuesday

New details emerge into deputy shooting in Keokuk County

BYLINE: Dennis Magee, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 645 words


April 05--SIGOURNEY, Iowa -- The person accused of killing a Keokuk County
sheriff's deputy had a history of mental issues and several arrests for weapons
and for assaulting peace officers, according to online court records.

Jeffrey Krier shot and killed Deputy Eric Stein, 38, about noon Monday. A member
of the state's tactical unit killed Krier, 53, after he emerged from his house
with a weapon, according to the Iowa Department of Public Safety.

"Our team has lost one of its valued members and friends," Sheriff Jeff Shipley
said in a prepared statement. "But our loss cannot be compared to that of his
family. We ask everyone keep Deputy Stein's family in their thoughts and prayers
as they go through this difficult time."

Stein died at the scene a few miles northwest of Sigourney.

According to Iowa Department of Public Safety, Stein, Shipley and Deputy Casey
Hinnah went to Krier's home Monday to talk to him about an incident Sunday
night.

The three approached the house, but Krier opened fire.

"After a short exchange of fire ... Stein was shot and killed," according to the
statement.

Shipley and Hannah were not hurt, retreated and requested assistance. Multiple
agencies from surrounding communities and counties, as well as representatives
from various divisions of the Iowa Department of Public Safety responded.

Krier stayed in his house and refused to come out. He held authorities at bay
for about three hours.

"Then at approximately 2:50 p.m. Krier exited the residence armed with weapons.
At that time, members of the Iowa State Patrol Tactical Unit fired on Krier. He
was shot and killed at the scene," according to the statement.

Autopsies are scheduled for Stein and Krier at the State Medical Examiner's
Office in Ankeny.

Shipley described Monday as "a very difficult day for the Keokuk County
Sheriff's Office."

Stein had served the sheriff's office since July 2000.

According to court records, Krier in 1996 faced three counts of carrying weapons
and one count of possession of a controlled substance in Wapello County. His
attorney filed a notice to pursue insanity or diminished responsibility as a
defense. A hearing to determine competency was also scheduled

According to court records, authorities sent Krier to the Mental Health
Institute in Independence for evaluation in September 1997. A month later the
court deemed Krier not guilty by reason of insanity, and he was released from
MHI into Rose and Glen Krier's custody.

Also in 1996, Krier was apparently charged with two counts of second-offense
stalking in Wapello County. He again filed notice to pursue insanity or
diminished capacity as a defense. Proceedings were delayed, according to court
records, until "after competency restored."

Krier pleaded guilty to a lesser included charge, according to court records.

Krier faced two counts of conveying a loaded gun in 1996. He filed notice to
pursue insanity or diminished capacity as a defense but later pleaded guilty as
part of an agreement with prosecutors.

Charges of assault and two counts of fifth-degree criminal mischief were
dismissed as part of plea agreements in 1996 in Wapello County. In both cases,
Krier filed notice to pursue insanity or diminished capacity as a defense.

Krier served 30 days in jail in 1997 for assault and 91 days in jail in
1999-2000 for two counts of assault on a peace officer. Those charges were also
in Wapello County.

According to court records, proceedings related to the assault on a peace
officer were delayed because of a civil commitment.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110405-OO-HLT-New-details-emerge-into-deputy-shooting-in-Keokuk-County-0405-20
110405

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2011 Waterloo Courier


                              852 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                             August 26, 2012 Sunday

Maryland Court of Appeals says cops can test DNA from breath-test straw

BYLINE: Ben Mook

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 682  words


According to the state's highest court, police did not violate the rights of a
convicted rapist and registered sex offender, who was on probation for drunk
driving, when they used saliva from a required alcohol test to tie him to an
unsolved homicide.

In a 5-2 decision, the Maryland Court of Appeals upheld a ruling that allowed
DNA evidence used to convict Tonto S. Corbin, of Fruitland, for the 1995 slaying
of Jacqueline Tilghman.

Corbin was on probation after a drunk driving conviction and was ordered to take
a blood alcohol test involving a straw, which was then turned over, without his
knowledge, for DNA testing. The test linked him to Tilghman's killing, and he
was later convicted of involuntary homicide.

"We're certainly pleased that the court is allowing the use of DNA evidence in
this case to solve a violent crime," said Brian S. Kleinbord, chief of criminal
appeals at the Office of the Attorney General. "This is an offender with a
serious and violent background. "

Corbin, 50, has an extensive criminal record dating back to at least the
mid-1990s. He is at Roxbury Correctional Institute in Hagerstown, serving five
years of a 10-year sentence for raping a 15-year-old girl on multiple occasions
while he was a pastor at a Fruitland church. Corbin is a registered sex offender
after serving 18 months in jail following a 2003 conviction for raping a teenage
girl, with whom he had a child.

The DNA search in the case came from a cold-case investigation involving a woman
who was strangled and beaten to death on a Somerset County farm on Dec. 27,
1995. The woman, an acquaintance of Corbin's, was found by trappers, and a
suspect was not initially named.

Corbin and 12 other possible suspects were eventually identified. He was
contacted in 1998 and 2000, but denied having any contact with the woman.

The DNA evidence collected from the straw matched semen samples taken from the
victim, and Corbin was indicted in 2004. He was sentenced to 10 years in prison,
with all but eight years suspended, for involuntary homicide. Charges of first-
and second-degree rape were nol prossed.

In the majority opinion written by Judge Sally D. Adkins, the court held that
because Corbin was on probation, he had a diminished expectation of privacy. The
majority relied on two U.S. Supreme Court cases, U.S. v. Knights and California
v. Samson, which dealt with searches ordered by probation officers.

In a concurring opinion, Judge Lynne A. Battaglia said she agreed that the DNA
collection was not a violation of the Fourth Amendment. However, she disagreed
on the reason, saying the straw was considered abandoned under a Maryland case,
Williamson v. State. The rape suspect in that case was given a meal from
McDonald's, and the cup and wrappers he threw on the floor of his cell were
collected and tested.

"Abandonment, thus, provides a viable analytical framework in this case, based
on our jurisprudence and especially that of the Seventh Circuit in Cox, which
addressed abandonment of hair clippings that were collected by authorities,"
Battaglia wrote. "Certainly, if the minutiae of hair clippings can be abandoned,
so clearly can saliva on a straw be. "

Judge Clayton Greene Jr. dissented, joined by Chief Judge Robert M. Bell. While
Corbin should have a diminished expectation of privacy as a probationer, Greene
wrote, the diminishment was not "unlimited. " Building on his dissent in an
earlier DNA case, Greene said he and Bell agreed that DNA testing and analysis
should be considered a separate search, subject to Fourth Amendment scrutiny.

WHAT THE COURT HELD

Case:

Corbin v. State, No. 48, September Term, 2011. Reported. Opinion by Adkins, J.;
concurrence by Battaglia, J.; Dissent by Greene, J. Argued Dec. 2, 2011. Filed
Aug. 22, 2012.

Issue:

Does a DWI probationer, who had declined requests for DNA samples, voluntarily
surrender his saliva for testing when submitting to a breath test for alcohol?

Holding:

Yes; affirmed. As a probationer, defendant has a diminished level of expected
privacy and collecting his DNA under false pretenses even is not a violation of
his rights.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              853 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                             Monterey County Herald

                            July 27, 2005, Wednesday

Patton leaving environmental group

LENGTH: 498 words



After six years bird-dogging Monterey County land-use issues, Gary Patton is
headed back to Sacramento as executive director of a statewide environmental
group.

Patton, 61, a former Santa Cruz County supervisor and executive director of
LandWatch Monterey County, has been hired as chief executive of the Planning and
Conservation League and the league's foundation.

Patton will start the new job Sept. 1.

"I'm getting old enough that I imagine this will be my last official job, and I
hope to spend the next six years or so making sure we have a vital planning and
conservation movement statewide," Patton said Tuesday.

A longtime member of the league's board of directors and its former general
counsel, Patton said he wants to rebuild the organization as a strong band of
local environmental organizations.

That was the original goal of the 40-year-old environmental lobbying
organization, said interim executive director Karen Douglas.

"It has diminished over time, and the number of organizations has diminished,"
Douglas said. "He would like to build that back up."

The group is the oldest environmental organization to have a lobbying presence
in Sacramento.

"We would like to do a better job of bringing Sacramento and the issues and
bills back to people all over the state," Douglas said.

Former Democratic Assemblyman Fred Keeley, now treasurer-tax collector in Santa
Cruz County, was previous executive director for the Planning and Conservation
League.

Douglas said the group conducted an extensive search for a new administrator
before directors offered the job to Patton.

"The board wanted someone well-versed in California institutions and politics,"
she said. "We think he will have the ability to... take the (league) to the next
level."

Under Keeley's leadership, the league was very involved in the ongoing debate
over Monterey County's new general plan.

"I think the general plan will continue to be an issue the (league) is very much
interested in," said LandWatch executive director Chris Fitz, who succeeded
Patton at the group's helm.

Bob Perkins, who butted heads with Patton regularly over the general plan as
executive director of the Monterey County Farm Bureau, worried his new job in
Sacramento would "leverage additional resources for work LandWatch is doing
locally."

"We disagreed on just about everything," Perkins said. "But he is an effective,
informed and knowledgeable opponent. I expect he will be a formidable asset to
the league."

Patton plans to commute weekly between Sacramento and his Santa Cruz home.


-----

To see more of the Monterey County Herald, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.montereyherald.com.

Copyright (c) 2005, The Monterey County Herald, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: MN-ENVIRONMENTAL-GROUP-NWS-20050727

JOURNAL-CODE: MN

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                     Copyright 2005 Monterey County Herald


                              854 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

Budget battle;
Pension law to be argued before court Is protection clause absolute?

BYLINE: Doug Finke State Capitol Bureau

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 913 words


In less than two weeks, attorneys will gather at the Illinois Supreme Court in
Springfield to argue one of the most important cases to face the state.

Is the pension protection clause to the Illinois Constitution absolute or not?

At stake is the future of the pension reform law passed in 2013 by the General
Assembly that was intended to ease the financial pressures put on the state by
the five state-funded pension systems to pay ongoing pension costs and retire
the $111 billion debt accumulated by the systems.

"Am I optimistic? I don't know," said Rep. Elaine Nekritz, D-Northbrook, one of
the principal architects of the pension reform bill. "There is a lot at stake
for the fiscal house of Illinois."

If the Supreme Court does find in favor of the state, it does not mean the
pension reform law will be found to be constitutional. Rather, what attorneys
for the state want is for the case to be sent back to the circuit court for
further proceedings that would ultimately determine if the pension reform law
should be allowed to stand.

Mark D. Rosen, a professor at Chicago-Kent College of Law who specializes in
constitutional law, said he thinks that is the appropriate course the court
should take.

"My understanding is the pension benefit right is not absolute," said Rosen, who
testified about the bill when it was heard in legislative committees. "There is
a certain type of analysis that a court should undertake to determine ultimately
whether the legislation is constitutional or not."

That analysis includes whether there is a pressing reason for changing benefits
and whether those changes are being done in a reasonable way.

Rosen said he hasn't taken a public position on the law, but he thinks the law
was "very well considered and it would satisfy that second requirement."

Means what it says?

Proponents of the pension reform law have said that no constitutional provision
is absolute. Nekritz noted that even First Amendment speech rights and Second
Amendment gun rights have limitations placed on them.

"Just last year, we had the rather substantial concealed carry law to regulate
the carrying and possession of weapons," Nekritz said. "There are restrictions."

"All of our dearest rights are subject to regulation," Rosen said.

However, attorneys for public employees and retirees trying to block the pension
reform law, said the pension protection clause of the state Constitution means
what it says, that pension benefits cannot be diminished or impaired.

"The proceedings of the 1970 constitutional convention reveals that the
delegates had a very specific understanding of what they hoped to achieve with
the pension protection clause. And that that understanding is unique to that
clause as opposed to the rest of the Constitution," said Michael Reagan, one of
the attorneys representing public employees.

The Supreme Court is taking the case directly from the Sangamon County Circuit
Court, which determined the pension reform law diminished pension benefits and
that ran afoul of the pension protection clause of the state Constitution. Judge
John Belz ruled that the state's argument that it has police powers than can be
exercised in an emergency that allows changes to pension benefits was invalid.

The state, though, will argue to the Supreme Court that it does have police
powers that allow pension benefits to be changed in limited, extraordinary
circumstances. In its lengthy filing to the Supreme Court, the state referred to
the circuit court decision as "unprecedented and unbounded by logic" and said
the ruling means "the Illinois Constitution permanently and irrevocably ties the
hands of future generations, even if they face the most dire of circumstances."

As an example of a dire circumstance, the state said the ruling meant pension
benefits couldn't be changed even if that meant the state didn't have money to
buy medications to combat an epidemic.

'Flight of fancy'

In their equally lengthy filing with the Supreme Court, attorneys for public
employees and retirees called that and other examples of financial dooms "a
remarkable flight of fancy."

The state filing also contained a lengthy segment on the damage caused to state
finances by the recession and the resultant budget cuts and income tax hike.
Yet, the state's pension debt continued to climb.

Attorneys for public employees cited the decades-long underfunding of pension
systems as a major contributing factor to their current financial problems. The
state's financial problems do not provide an excuse to reduce benefits, they
said.

In their filing, the attorneys said the state "nevertheless seek(s) to justify
the (pension reforms) on the ground that it will save the state billions of
dollars. According to the (reform law's) plain terms, those billions of dollars
will come from the pockets of plaintiffs and other public sector employees and
retirees. That particular method of managing the state's finances is expressly
prohibited by our state's Constitution."

If the state prevails, they said, there is nothing to prevent further
underfunding if benefits can be reduced.

Arguments are scheduled before the Supreme Court on March 11. At this time, they
will follow the normal schedule utilized by the court. Attorneys for the state
will have 20 minutes to present their case, attorneys for public employees will
then have 20 minutes and the state will be given a final 10 minutes.

-- Contact Doug Finke: doug.finke@sj-r.com, 788-1527, twitter.com/dougfinkesjr.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              855 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                              March 1, 2015 Sunday

BYLINE: Doug Finke State Capitol Bureau

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 913 words


In less than two weeks, attorneys will gather at the Illinois Supreme Court in
Springfield to argue one of the most important cases to face the state.

Is the pension protection clause to the Illinois Constitution absolute or not?

At stake is the future of the pension reform law passed in 2013 by the General
Assembly that was intended to ease the financial pressures put on the state by
the five state-funded pension systems to pay ongoing pension costs and retire
the $111 billion debt accumulated by the systems.

"Am I optimistic? I don't know," said Rep. Elaine Nekritz, D-Northbrook, one of
the principal architects of the pension reform bill. "There is a lot at stake
for the fiscal house of Illinois."

If the Supreme Court does find in favor of the state, it does not mean the
pension reform law will be found to be constitutional. Rather, what attorneys
for the state want is for the case to be sent back to the circuit court for
further proceedings that would ultimately determine if the pension reform law
should be allowed to stand.

Mark D. Rosen, a professor at Chicago-Kent College of Law who specializes in
constitutional law, said he thinks that is the appropriate course the court
should take.

"My understanding is the pension benefit right is not absolute," said Rosen, who
testified about the bill when it was heard in legislative committees. "There is
a certain type of analysis that a court should undertake to determine ultimately
whether the legislation is constitutional or not."

That analysis includes whether there is a pressing reason for changing benefits
and whether those changes are being done in a reasonable way.

Rosen said he hasn't taken a public position on the law, but he thinks the law
was "very well considered and it would satisfy that second requirement."

Means what it says?

Proponents of the pension reform law have said that no constitutional provision
is absolute. Nekritz noted that even First Amendment speech rights and Second
Amendment gun rights have limitations placed on them.

"Just last year, we had the rather substantial concealed carry law to regulate
the carrying and possession of weapons," Nekritz said. "There are restrictions."

"All of our dearest rights are subject to regulation," Rosen said.

However, attorneys for public employees and retirees trying to block the pension
reform law, said the pension protection clause of the state Constitution means
what it says, that pension benefits cannot be diminished or impaired.

"The proceedings of the 1970 constitutional convention reveals that the
delegates had a very specific understanding of what they hoped to achieve with
the pension protection clause. And that that understanding is unique to that
clause as opposed to the rest of the Constitution," said Michael Reagan, one of
the attorneys representing public employees.

The Supreme Court is taking the case directly from the Sangamon County Circuit
Court, which determined the pension reform law diminished pension benefits and
that ran afoul of the pension protection clause of the state Constitution. Judge
John Belz ruled that the state's argument that it has police powers than can be
exercised in an emergency that allows changes to pension benefits was invalid.

The state, though, will argue to the Supreme Court that it does have police
powers that allow pension benefits to be changed in limited, extraordinary
circumstances. In its lengthy filing to the Supreme Court, the state referred to
the circuit court decision as "unprecedented and unbounded by logic" and said
the ruling means "the Illinois Constitution permanently and irrevocably ties the
hands of future generations, even if they face the most dire of circumstances."

As an example of a dire circumstance, the state said the ruling meant pension
benefits couldn't be changed even if that meant the state didn't have money to
buy medications to combat an epidemic.

'Flight of fancy'

In their equally lengthy filing with the Supreme Court, attorneys for public
employees and retirees called that and other examples of financial dooms "a
remarkable flight of fancy."

The state filing also contained a lengthy segment on the damage caused to state
finances by the recession and the resultant budget cuts and income tax hike.
Yet, the state's pension debt continued to climb.

Attorneys for public employees cited the decades-long underfunding of pension
systems as a major contributing factor to their current financial problems. The
state's financial problems do not provide an excuse to reduce benefits, they
said.

In their filing, the attorneys said the state "nevertheless seek(s) to justify
the (pension reforms) on the ground that it will save the state billions of
dollars. According to the (reform law's) plain terms, those billions of dollars
will come from the pockets of plaintiffs and other public sector employees and
retirees. That particular method of managing the state's finances is expressly
prohibited by our state's Constitution."

If the state prevails, they said, there is nothing to prevent further
underfunding if benefits can be reduced.

Arguments are scheduled before the Supreme Court on March 11. At this time, they
will follow the normal schedule utilized by the court. Attorneys for the state
will have 20 minutes to present their case, attorneys for public employees will
then have 20 minutes and the state will be given a final 10 minutes.

-- Contact Doug Finke: doug.finke@sj-r.com, 788-1527, twitter.com/dougfinkesjr.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              856 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 7, 2010 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Vikings Gamble on Moss, Helping Patriots

BYLINE: By JUDY BATTISTA

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 818 words


In New England, Bill Belichick wished Randy Moss good luck on the rest of his
Hall of Fame receiving career. But it was another part of Belichick's statement
-- in which the Patriots announced the stunning trade of Moss to the Minnesota
Vikings on Wednesday -- that offered a more subtle window into how the Patriots
felt about Moss.

Belichick said he had been talking to Moss and his representatives for several
months about Moss's role and his future.

It was apparent on the field that Moss's role was declining and that his future,
at age 33 and with a history of uneven effort, was going to play out elsewhere.
That elsewhere is Minnesota, which is in such win-at-all-costs mode that in
August, Coach Brad Childress sent three players to beg Brett Favre to return
instead of retire.

The Vikings are taking a calculated risk that Moss, who has not received a
contract extension as part of the trade, will give their offense (30th in points
scored) the kind of effort and explosiveness he provided the Patriots in 2007,
his first year with the team.

The spread offense Moss thrived in that year has been replaced this season by
multiple tight end sets and an attempt at a power running game with BenJarvus
Green-Ellis, the most obvious indication that the Patriots were already well
prepared for life after Moss. That is the style with which they won three Super
Bowls -- none of them with Moss.

In Week 2 against the Jets, Tom Brady threw to Moss 10 times, but he caught only
two passes, and the offense looked disjointed. That might have been the
beginning of the end. In the next two games, the Patriots turned away from Moss.
He has only nine receptions for 139 yards for the season.

Tight end Aaron Hernandez already has 240 yards receiving, and the second-year
receiver Brandon Tate has 11 catches for 135 yards.

Childress confirmed Wednesday that the trade was in the works on Monday, before
Moss had a blowup with a Patriots assistant coach at halftime of a game against
the Miami Dolphins.

Belichick said, ''In this business, there are complex and often difficult
decisions, but it is my responsibility to make them based on what I feel is best
for our football team, in both the short term and long term.''

Belichick has made those decisions before. Last year, he shipped defensive
lineman Richard Seymour, also in the final year of his deal, to the Raiders in
exchange for a 2011 first-round pick. The move diminished New England's defense,
raising the question of whether it was anywhere near ready to shoulder the load
that the defenses of the championship years did with less-than-explosive
offenses. And this offense is unquestionably diminished by Moss's departure.

Moss drew double teams in almost every instance, and his absence probably will
mean less room for Wes Welker and Hernandez to roam. The Patriots' biggest
vertical threat now is Tate, who is also an explosive kick returner, with two
returns for touchdowns, including a 103-yard dash against the Dolphins.

With the Patriots in a bye week, Brady, who raved about Moss and said he loved
him, did not comment on the trade.

Cris Carter played with Moss in Minnesota. As an ESPN analyst, he has been
critical at times of Moss's effort. But on Wednesday, he said Moss was a
nightmare for offenses and was blunt about whether he thought the Patriots still
possessed a championship-caliber offense without Moss: ''Absolutely not.''

''There's no way you take Randy Moss away from any quarterback in this league
and that quarterback gets better,'' Carter said.

But the trades of Seymour and Moss have helped Belichick build a stockpile of
draft picks: he has two in each of the first four rounds in 2011. That is the
crux of how Belichick runs the Patriots. He constantly keeps his eye on the
future. Although he is not giving up on the season, he is also willing to
leverage one year against the promise that he will be able to draft enough
players to keep the Patriots going to the playoffs for years to come.

That is the polar opposite of the Vikings' all-in ethos. This was a gamble worth
making for the Vikings, who sputtered to a 1-2 start and seemed to be losing
ground to the Packers and the Bears in what may be Favre's last season. They
badly needed the downfield threat that Moss provides, not only as a balm for
Favre, who has longed to play with Moss since he was still in Green Bay. Favre
has clearly missed his preferred receiver, Sidney Rice, who is out until at
least the middle of the season after hip surgery.

''I'm always excited to add a good piece to the puzzle,'' Childress said.

For Moss, the return to Minnesota represents the most unexpected of homecomings.
He was a brilliant talent who immediately made the Vikings relevant when he was
drafted in 1998. The Vikings are plenty relevant now. What they need for 13
weeks is the content and productive Moss the Patriots had in 2007 -- not the one
who pouted his way through 2010.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Randy Moss's first stint in Minnesota ended after the 2004
season, with his trade to Oakland. (PHOTOGRAPH BY ANDY LYONS/GETTY IMAGES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              857 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                             March 3, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

MCGILLIVRAY NO LONGER WILL RUN MARATHON

BYLINE: By HAL HABIB Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 461 words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH


Dave McGillivray, the only race director the Marathon of the Palm Beaches has
ever known, informed officials Monday morning that he will not return for the
sixth annual event in December.

McGillivray, who also directs the Boston Marathon and has a primary home in
Massachusetts, exercised an out clause in his contract via an e-mail sent to
Dennis Grady, president of the Chamber of Commerce of the Palm Beaches, which
founded the race. McGillivray thus turned down a chance to work with Chris
Devine, whose Chicago-based firm, Devine Racing, purchased the marathon last
week.

Devine helped the Las Vegas Marathon grow from 6,000 entries to 17,000, but his
history also includes numerous instances in which runners and businesses said
they waited a year or longer to be paid. Devine said the financial problems,
primarily at marathons he once owned in Los Angeles and Las Vegas, could be
traced to a "management team" that he divorced himself from when he sold those
races.

Devine Racing handles the business aspects of organizing a marathon but
outsources race-day logistics to companies such as Dave McGillivray Sports
Enterprises, as the Chamber of Commerce has done for the Marathon of the Palm
Beaches. Devine will have to seek a new race director.

"I'm really going to miss it, because I felt we helped give it birth,"
McGillivray said. "At this stage, it's time to move on. They've got an
infrastructure now, they've made some decisions and we just feel there are other
challenges for us."

Grady said McGillivray "did everything we asked him to do," although he added
there was less to do each year after starting from scratch.

"When we initially started our race, they were a very helpful and integral part
of our operations," Grady said. "But each and every year his involvement in our
race diminished. And after five years it got to the point where I think he met
with us twice prior to the race."

Iva Grady, Dennis' wife, who had the idea of starting a marathon in West Palm
Beach, added, "He taught us well. We learned a lot from Dave McGillivray,
especially the first year. ... We just didn't require him as much" because
volunteers and committee members had gained experience in their roles over the
years.

McGillivray said only two meetings were held to reduce travel costs. He agreed
his role had evolved.

"Our job was to help teach the local folks how to do this themselves,"
McGillivray said. "If anything, I think we did exactly what we were hired to do.
... Maybe my time was diminished year to year, but I still brought a lot of
experience to the table. Sometimes that's priceless."

McGillivray is expected to direct a new all-women's half-marathon in November in
St. Petersburg as part of approximately 20 events he'll put on in 2009.

~hal_habib@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 McGillivray 'Our job was to help teach the local folks how to do this.'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              858 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            December 26, 2005 Monday
                                  City Edition

Safety is major concern in continued driving privilege

BYLINE: Betty Garrett Wood

SECTION: FAMILIES; VINTAGE VISIONS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 853 words


Personal independence is important to many older Oklahomans.

One symbol of that independence is their car or truck and the ability to drive
wherever they want and whenever they can. Especially in Oklahoma, with its
wide-open spaces and lack of public transportation, the loss of the ability to
drive can be devastating to seniors.

"One of the hardest things to do in the aging process is to give up driving when
and if the ability to drive safely is diminished," said Dr. Germaine Odenheimer,
associate professor of neurology at the University of Oklahoma Health Sciences
Center in Oklahoma City.

"Sometimes the loss of driving can be even more devastating than a diagnosis of
Alzheimer's or memory loss to an individual."

Odenheimer is a nationally recognized expert on memory loss and the older
driver. Her views also are shared by physicians at VA Medical Center in Oklahoma
City.

Statistics show that age related conditions can adversely affect the ability of
people older than 65 to drive safely.

Devastating as it is to lose the driving privilege -- and it is a privilege --
public safety requires attention on this major eldercare problem.

Some of us may be concerned about our ability to drive safely, or we may be
worried about a loved one's ability.

Odenheimer said that "if any one of certain driving behaviors is observed, a
driving test is in order." These are behaviors of concern:   Drives too slowly
or doesn't keep steady speed.   Doesn't look when backing up, changing lanes,
yielding, turning corners or merging into traffic.   Follows too closely or
drifts out of lane.   Makes turns from wrong lane.   Doesn't fully stop at red
lights or stop signs.   Stops car in traffic for no apparent reason.   Gets lost
in familiar places.   Has traffic tickets, car crashes or strikes objects with
car.   Drives the wrong way against traffic.   Goes forward or backward by
mistake or confuses the accelerator with the brake pedal.

"While each one of these behaviors poses a threat to public safety, the last
behavior listed is the most dangerous, signaling action should be taken by the
observer," Odenheimer said.

"The first step should be taken by the family -- talking directly with the older
driver in an open, honest and non-judgmental way about safety concerns."

Calmly stating facts about the observed driving behaviors, stating the concerns
about the driver's and others' safety, and suggesting testing to see if some of
the driving behaviors can be eliminated, she said.

"Sometimes, focusing the discussion on the potential cost of an automobile
accident rather than on an older driver's diminished abilities will be better
received by the older driver," she said.

Also, focusing on physical conditions, such as the lack of neck flexibility to
turn and look, rather than memory loss, may be better received by the older
driver as a reason for having their driving tested.

Testing sometimes confirms that the older driver continues to be, at least for
now, a safe driver, Odenheimer said. There are several different types of
testing.

One type involves the use of a senior driving screening tool, such as AAA's
"Roadwise Review." It enables older drivers to identify and address physical
changes that could affect driving, such as leg strength, head and neck
flexibility, eyesight, visual-information processing speed and memory.

A computer-based program in the form of a CD-ROM can help seniors drive safely
longer by screening their driving health just as they are screened for medical
health. For more information about this tool, call Dannielle Sherrets at (202)
942-2063.

There's also information about another program, AARP 55-Alive Mature Driver
Program, available by calling (888) 227-7669.

Another type of test involves a "behind-the-wheel" assessment and is provided at
some state rehabilitation centers, driving schools and state licensing agencies.
One center in Oklahoma City is the Jim Thorpe Driver Assessment and
Rehabilitation program at 644-5445 or 644-5423.

In some cases, diminished ability to drive safely is temporary and can be
remedied by evaluating and correcting medicines, nutrition or obtaining
treatment for "fixable" medical conditions.

Evaluation by a geriatrics physician may indicate whether there is a treatable
reason for diminished driving ability.

Some physicians may be reluctant to discuss driving with their older patients
for fear of alienating them. If so, physicians may refer such patients to a
geriatrics physician for evaluation.

One group of geriatrics physicians that provides such evaluations is the OU
Physicians Senior Health Center in Oklahoma City. The phone number is 271-3050.

In the event driving must be abandoned, there are resources to obtain
information and maintain independence, including Senior Info Line at (800)
211-2116 and the Retired Senior Volunteer Program at Provide-a-Ride program for
people 60 and older, which offers transportation to medical appointments in the
metro area. The phone number is 605-3110.

Betty Garrett Wood is an attorney/partner with Clark, Stakem, Wood and Patten,
P.C. Her e-mail address is bgwood@cswp-law.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: (page 1B): (automobile)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              859 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 14, 1983, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

SECTION: Section 5; Page 7, Column 4; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 1030 words


OUTDOORSNelson Bryant

3 States Tighten Deer Rules

THREE New England states -

Vermont, New Hampshire

and Maine - that experienced declines in last year's hunter kill of deer have
responded with more restrictive regulations for the coming season.

New Hampshire, which had its lowest kill since 1941, 4,674 - a 25 percent drop
from that of the previous year - is limiting the take of does.

The state will again be divided into northern and southern zones, and there will
be an experimental doe-permit area in the northwest portion of the southern
zone.

Traditionally, the state has allowed hunters to shoot either a buck or a doe.
This year, that will take place in both zones from Nov. 2 to 6. After that, it
will be bucks only in the northern zone through Nov. 13 and the same in the
southern zone through Nov. 27. In the experimental area, 1,400 permits to take
antlerless deer (usually does) will be issued for the period from Nov. 7 to 27.

Although other factors, including poor hunting weather and diminished hunter
activity, can lower the annual deer harvest in any state, this usually happens
because fewer animals are available. Charles Barry, director of New Hampshire's
Fish and Game Department, believes that the new regulations will reduce the doe
kill about 50 percent and thereby assist in rebuilding the herd.

Maine, which experienced a slight drop in its deer harvest last season - from an
average of about 30,000 animals in recent years, to under 29,000 - is
instituting a bucks-only regulation in the eastern and western regions of its
southern zone. This is the first time since early in this century that Maine
deer hunters could not take a deer of either sex anywhere in the state.

Bob Boettger, chief of the Wildlife Division of Maine's Department of Inland
Fisheries and Game, does not regard the drop in last year's harvest as alarming.

He notes that one factor in the diminished take was the incredibly mild and
rainy weather early in the season. Deer hunters try harder and are more
successful when there is a light, newly fallen snow, which makes for first-rate
tracking. Also, when the weather is warm, deer often desert their usual haunts,
and a hunter might spend most of the time he has allotted for his annual hunt
trying to find where the animals have gone.


''Any time there is a warm, rainy spell during the deer season, we can correctly
predict a drop in the kill,'' Mr. Boettger said.

Much of Maine has a more severe climate than the remainder of New England, which
places a premium on the extent and quality of so-called deer yards: thick stands
of spruce and other conifers where the animals may find food and shelter when
the snow is deep and it is bitterly cold. The state has an elaborate and
effective program for protecting most of the northern yarding areas, but a
widespread infestation of the spruce budworm is currently doing considerably
damage to this program.

Vermont will not allow the shooting of does during its 16-day 1983 rifle season,
although archers may shoot both sexes in their 16-day season. Last year's
harvest of bucks was 5,210 and a little under 4,000 antlerless animals were
shot. The four-year average, including 1982, was about 7,000 bucks and 8,000
does.

Mark Scott of Vermont's Department of Fish and Game believes that deer hunting
will be better this year. He notes that a lot of animals are being seen and that
the 1982- 1983 winter was mild. Deer are subject to high predation when the snow
is deep. Last winter, the department recorded about 50 dog- killed deer; the
previous winter, more than 500 were counted. The department estimates that it
finds perhaps 10 percent of such kills.

When, Mr. Scott says, Vermont's deer harvest is compared to that of Maine and
New Hampshire on an animal-per-square-mile basis, a higher density of deer in
Vermont is revealed. About .78 bucks per square mile are taken in Vermont. For
Maine, this figure is .47 and for New Hampshire .21. When the archery kill -
bucks or does - is considered, these figures are .014 for Vermont, .004 for
Maine and .008 for New Hampshire. During the last five years, the annual archer
kill in Vermont has averaged about 1,300, in Maine about 114 and in New
Hampshire about 70.

These statistics are for the years 1978-1982. One interpretation of them is that
Vermont has a higher concentration of good deer habitat within its borders than
do the other states. One might also note that it is unreasonable to expect that
Vermont deer will ever again become as numerous as they were 20 years ago. Too
much habitat has been lost to man's enterprises, and during the 1960's Vermont's
deer herd had also exceeded the carrying capacity of its range.


Although the hunter harvest of deer of both sexes in Massachusetts dropped from
about 5,000 in 1981 to about 4,000 in 1982, Richard Cronin, director of the
state's Division of Fisheries and Wildlife, says that the 1981 kill was the
highest and the 1982 kill the second highest in the state since the early
1900's. Mr. Cronin said that ideal hunting conditions in 1981 - fresh tracking
snow every day - contributed to hunter success that season, and he noted that
the weather was wet and mild in the 1982 season. Also, he said, many hunters
were confused by a last-minute change in the traditional dates of the season in
1982, with the result that many couldn't get away from their jobs.

''The herd is in fine shape and is one of the best-managed in New England,'' he
added.

New York, one of the top deer- hunting states in the nation, had a record
harvest, 185,455, of both sexes last year, although its buck take, 78,460, was
down from the record 1981 harvest of that sex, 83,667.  Even though New York
State's basic law is bucks only, thousands of so-called management permits -
allowing the harvesting of antlerless deer - are issued each year. Last season
more than 250,000 of these permits were handed out; this year, 204,770 of them
will be available.

Applications for these permits as well as 1983-1984 hunting, fishing and
trapping licenses may be had at license-issuing outlets beginning Monday Aug.
15. A $5 fee is required with each permit application.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              860 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              March 7, 2016 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Manning leaves big impression

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 4C

LENGTH: 694 words


We asked the USA TODAY Sports NFL staff: "What is the one thing you will
remember about Peyton Manning's NFL career?" Their responses:

JARRETT BELL

Peyton prayed.

On the brink his first Super Bowl, after experiencing the sting of one playoff
setback after another with the Indianapolis Colts, Manning was left to do little
more than watch and hope as the clock ticked off the final minute of the 2006
AFC title game vs. the New England Patriots.

So he sat on the bench, closed his eyes and, as he later revealed, talked to the
Man Upstairs. This resonates as a favorite Manning memory because the sight of
him praying was so out of character.

We're talking about the anal-retentive quarterback who was seemingly always in
control when he was at his best -- scanning defenses, recalling tendencies,
maybe reacting off preparation as much as he did with skill and keeping his
emotions in check.

The ball was back in Tom Brady's hands when Manning put it in the Lord's hands.
His prayer was answered. Marlin Jackson intercepted a Brady pass.

Peyton rejoiced. He was headed to the Super Bowl. Finally.

NATE DAVIS

I'll never forget covering his stunning transition from the  Colts to the Denver
Broncos in March 2012. After 14 years together, there was the tearful goodbye
news conference with Manning choking out to the city, "Thank you very much from
the bottom of my heart. ... I truly have enjoyed being your quarterback," even
while owner Jim Irsay was turning his gaze to then-Stanford quarterback Andrew
Luck.

Then came the NFL version of Quarterback Bachelor, as Manning hopscotched from
workout to workout, meeting with this team and that. He gave his final rose to
the Broncos less than two weeks after leaving Indy.

LINDSAY H. JONES

For nearly his entire career, he was in control on the field -- of the offense
in Indianapolis or Denver, of his huddle, of the line of scrimmage and, so
often, of the opposing defense. That control carried off the field. He crafted
and protected his image better than anyone.  And perhaps that control that he
had over his career, especially after he arrived in Denver in 2012, was what
made 2015 so remarkable, because so many of the things he always controlled fell
apart. He relinquished  control, finally adapted to a new offense and a
diminished body, and became a complementary piece to Denver's title team.

MICHAEL MIDDLEHURST-SCHWARTZ

He often appeared as though he was bending the game to his own will. That
control made him a force even in dire straits, including a breakthrough
performance in the 2006 AFC Championship Game, in which he rallied the Colts to
a 38-34 win against the  Patriots despite an early 21-3 deficit.  It's easy to
see how the next generation of great passers saw Manning as the standard-bearer
for how to command an offense.

TOM PELISSERO

I'll remember his quick release. Manning rarely played with great (or even good)
offensive lines, but his ability to read defenses, adjust at the line and get
rid of the ball covered it up.  Few have seen and commanded the game so well.

That's a big reason he had one of his greatest seasons (2013, when he had 55
touchdown passes) after his body had begun failing him.

ERIC PRISBELL

What I will remember most was the second act of his remarkable career. In the
final stages of his Colts tenure, it looked at times as if we would never again
see the Manning that we became accustomed to seeing dissect defenses at will for
the Colts.

When it became clear that Manning still wanted to play, the safe bet was that we
would see a clearly diminished quarterback. But in four seasons in Denver, he
had a passer rating of better than 100 in each of the first three.

LORENZO REYES

The thing I'll remember about Manning is the teary-eyed news conference,
signaling the end of his Indy run, and wondering what was next, wondering
whether Manning would ever be the same after his neck fusion surgeries.

I'll remember watching his first game with Denver, in 2012, Week 1 against the
Pittsburgh Steelers, when he had seven incompletions and two touchdowns in an
efficient performance. One year later, he set the NFL single-season record for
yards and passing touchdowns.

Lindsay H. Jones

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo 2012 photo by Matt Detrich, The Indianapolis Star

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              861 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                          February 22, 2017 Wednesday

Attorneys seek subpoena ruling in murder case

BYLINE: Matt Milner, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 349 words


Feb. 22--OTTUMWA -- Attorneys are sparring over what can and cannot be
subpoenaed in an upcoming murder case.

Prosecutors accuse Venhure Tsegay of murder in the death of a teenager last
year. Prosecutors are asking the court to "prevent unlawful use of subpoenas by
the defendant." The filing accuses the defense of using subpoenas to require
production only of documents, ducking the prosecution's ability to depose
potential witnesses.

The defense sees it differently. They argue prosecutors are trying to make the
process of preparing a defense more difficult, urging the judge to find that the
state "does not get to make up new rules in an attempt to monitor Mr. Tsegay's
defense."

Judge Lucy Gamon, who was assigned to oversee the case, has not ruled on the
motion. Tsegay's trial on charges of first degree murder and robbery is
scheduled to begin June 27, though delays are common in such serious cases.

In other area cases:

--Michael Heady, Sr., who was shot by police after allegedly pointing an assault
rifle toward them last year, has a new trial date of Oct. 24. That's a
continuance of a little more than seven months. Heady has pleaded not guilty and
his attorney has filed notice he plans to use a diminished capacity or
diminished responsibility defense.

--Joel Herrarte's trial on kidnapping charges has been moved to April 11. It had
been scheduled to begin later this month. Herrarte is also scheduled for
arraignment on two counts of witness tampering and one count of harassment in
March.

--Ryan Comer has pleaded not guilty and the court has granted his petition for a
court-appointed attorney. Comer is charged with interference with official acts,
carrying weapons and unlawful possession of prescription drugs.

--Travis Skinner has waived his preliminary appearance and pleaded not guilty to
being a felon in possession of a firearm.

--Robert Carrillo has a bond review scheduled for Thursday as he faces a robbery
charge.

___ (c)2017 the Ottumwa Courier (Ottumwa, Iowa) Visit the Ottumwa Courier
(Ottumwa, Iowa) at www.ottumwacourier.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170222-OT-Attorneys-seek-subpoena-ruling-in-murder-case-0222-20170222

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                         Copyright 2017 Ottumwa Courier


                              862 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            January 20, 2002 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

Goodbye for 20 years;
Mum sent to jail over police car bomb plot

BYLINE: LINDA DEUTSCH, LOS ANGELES

SECTION: NEWS; International News; Pg. 51

LENGTH: 493 words


A FORMER member of the radical leftist group, the Symbionese Liberation Army,
has been sentenced to 20 years to life inprison for conspiring to blow up police
cars in 1975.

Following tearful statements from family and friends, former fugitive Sara Jane
Olson said she was "truly sorry" for causing anyone any pain.

But she denied trying to murder officers by planting bombs under the two Los
Angeles police cars to avenge the deaths of six SLA members during a shootout
with authorities in 1974. The bombs did not explode.

Superior Court Judge Larry Fidler sentenced Olson to two consecutive terms of 10
years to life.

Immediately afterwards,Olson pleaded not guilty to robbery and murder charges in
another decades-old crime: the 1975 SLA bank hold-up in which a bystander,
MyrnaOpsahl, was killed.

Olson has long denied taking part in the robbery in Carmichael, a suburb of
Sacramento.

Four other former SLA members also face charges in the case; two of them, former
couple Bill and Emily Harris, were expected to enter innocent pleas.

Olson, 54, was a fugitive in the bombing conspiracy case for more than 20 years
until her arrest two years ago in Minnesota. She had changed her name from
Kathleen Soliah, married a doctor and had three children.

Her husband, Gerald Peterson, said the two had been happily married for 23
years.

"To my lovely wife Sara, California is now entrusted to clothe you, to feed you,
shelter you and correct you and try you," he said. "But this family of ours and
our dear friends will not be diminished in our love for you and our respect for
you. We will always stand by you until you come home."

Olson then addressed her family and friends.

"I still maintain I didn't participate in events in Los Angeles," she said. "I
hope you'll forgive me the pain I have brought you ...

"I am truly sorry."

The SLA began in the autumn of 1973 when a handful ofwhite, college-educated
children of middle-class families adopted a seven-headed snake as their symbol,
a black ex-convict as their leader and the phrase "Death to the fascistinsect
that preys upon the life of the people" as their slogan.

The group derived its name from "symbiosis", a biological term referring to
unlike organisms co-existing harmoniously for mutual benefit.

The SLA is best known for the 1974 kidnapping of newspaper heiress Patricia
Hearst, who later joined the group in robbing banks and could become a key
witness in the Carmichael trials.

The long-dormant case gathered legal momentum afterOlson's arrest. Prosecutors
say they have new information, including palm print matches and FBI evidence
that links shotgun pellets found in Opsahl's body to ammunition from an SLA
house.

To my lovely wife Sara, California is now entrusted to clothe you, to feed you,
shelter you and correct you ... But this family of ours will not be diminished
in our love for you and our respect for you. We will alwaysstand by you until
you come home' Sara Jane Olson's husband GERALD PETERSON

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO ILLUS: SENTENCED: Former SLA fugitive Sara Jane Olson weeps in
court as her mother approaches to comfort her. Picture: AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2002 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              863 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

SHARP MOVE TO CUT WOODSON;
THE SAFETY'S DIMINISHED SKILLS AND THE PACKERS' ESCALATING SALARY CAP PINCH LEFT
NO CHOICE.

BYLINE: Tom Oates

SECTION: SPORTS; Tom Oates; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 800 words


The safety's diminished skills and the Packers' escalating salary cap pinch left
no choice.

Now that Charles Woodson's exceptional Green Bay Packers career has come to an
end, let's go back to the beginning.

Woodson, who won a Heisman Trophy and a national championship at Michigan,
remains the finest athlete I've seen in 40 years of covering the Big Ten
Conference.

His first eight NFL seasons, spent with Oakland, set the table for his eventual
entry into the Pro Football Hall of Fame and his seven seasons in Green Bay
sealed the deal as he turned into the greatest playmaking cornerback of his
generation.

Woodson was the first - and only - big-ticket foray into the free agency market
for Packers general manager Ted Thompson and he was worth every penny the team
paid him, totaling 38 interceptions, 15 forced fumbles and 10 defensive
touchdowns in Green Bay.

If the driving forces behind the Packers'

first modern-era NFL title in 1996 were Brett Favre and Reggie White, the
players most responsible for the second title in 2010 were Aaron Rodgers and
Woodson.

Woodson arrived in Green Bay with a reputation as a loner who liked to operate
on his own terms, but he became the team's No. 1 locker room spokesman and a
terrific mentor to the young defensive backs.

Despite those well-deserved accolades for one of the greatest Packers ever, one
more thing remains to be said about Woodson: The Packers did the right thing
when they released him Friday.

Sure, Woodson could have helped the Packers on the field again this season, even
though he will turn 37 in October. His agent said the cornerback-turned-safety
still wants to play and thinks he can help a Super Bowl contender, which is
true.

But the NFL is seldom kind to aging players. Contract-related issues, declining
performance and a growing injury history can conspire to make even a great
player such as Woodson expendable before his usefulness runs out.

Given Woodson's advancing age, recurring injuries and noteworthy compensation -
almost $10 million for 2013 - it simply was time for the Packers to cut their
ties. Woodson, a thoughtful man who sees the big picture with remarkable
clarity, seems to understand that, and Packers fans should, too.

First and foremost, Woodson's contract was about to become a burden for a team
that is starting to feel the salary-cap pinch for the first time in years. His
cap number for 2013 would have been $9.437 million, which was more than his
production warranted after he missed nine games in 2012 following his second
broken collarbone in three seasons.

The Packers want to re-sign Clay Matthews and B.J. Raji to long-term deals and
at some point will try to lock up Rodgers for the duration, so they need cap
money - lots of it - to make that happen. Reports indicate the Packers didn't
even offer to bring back Woodson at a reduced cost, which is not hard to believe
given their cap situation and future roster needs.

Fans have been clamoring since the end of the season for the Packers to upgrade
at halfback, offensive tackle, linebacker and safety, but where do they think
the team is going to find the cap room to do that? Someone has to go and Woodson
was the most logical candidate.

Indeed, there is little room for sentiment in the NFL, something the Packers
learned the hard way by bringing back fan favorite Donald Driver for an encore
season in 2012. Driver rarely played due to the team's deep wide receiver corps
and now will cost the Packers $2.3 million in potential cap money for the
upcoming season.

The Packers might have lived with Woodson's contract for another year had he
been more productive on the field in 2012. Whether due to advancing age or his
move to safety or both, Woodson was not the dynamic, dominant player he once
was. In nine games - seven in the regular season and two in the playoffs - he
had only one interception and one forced fumble.

With rookie Casey Hayward intercepting six passes, the team had already replaced
Woodson as the slot cornerback. Plus, the Packers' lack of speed at safety since
Nick Collins was forced into early retirement was exposed late in the season and
must be addressed. Woodson, though still a savvy leader and willing hitter,
wasn't going to help there.

The bottom line is this: Woodson, a vital component in the Packers' winning
formula since 2006, simply didn't fit into Green Bay's team picture any more. It
had to be a tough decision - the players worship Woodson and coach Mike McCarthy
had grown to lean on him - but it was nothing personal.

The NFL is an unforgiving and sad as it may seem, it was the right time for the
Packers to let Woodson go. His professionalism, big plays and locker-room voice
will be missed; his large slice of the salary-cap pie won't be.

In the end, that made the decision to release Woodson a no-brainer.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Green Bay Press-Gazette archives Charles Woodson wasn't offered a
chance to stay with the Packers for less than his $10 million salary, his agent
said. PAGE B8

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              864 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Diminished expectations After fast start to 2011, Raonic mania has died down a
bit

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. SP6

LENGTH: 484  words

DATELINE: WIMBLEDON, ENGLAND


The weight of expectation on Milos Raonic has diminished after his sensational
start to the 2011 tennis season, and that may be good news for the hard-serving
20-year-old.

A fourth-round showing at the Australian Open in January, followed by an ATP
title in San Jose, Calif., and a thrilling loss to Andy Roddick in the Memphis
final propelled Raonic to instant fame in Canada. His world ranking jumped from
No. 152 to 37 over a four-week period and, within another 2 months, he was
sitting at No. 25.

But a modest 7-6 record at European clay-court events in April and May has seen
the media frenzy calm to a point where his quarter-final showing last week at
the pre-Wimbledon grass-court event in Germany went largely unnoticed.

Playing in his first professional grass-court event in Halle, Germany, Raonic
won two rounds convincingly before falling 6-3, 6-7(6), 6-3 to Philipp
Petzschner.

The crafty German led eventual champ Rafael Nadal two sets to one at Wimbledon
last summer before losing 6-4, 4-6, 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-3. Petzschner then combined
with Jurgen Melzer of Austria to win doubles at Wimbledon.

"I'm very happy I'm playing so well on something, grass, that's a completely new
experience for me, especially at this level," Raonic said last week.

"It gives me a lot of confidence."

Doubles also figured in Raonic's preparation for next week's Wimbledon as he and
Robin Haase of the Netherlands reached the Halle final, giving the Canadian four
more matches of precious grass-court experience.

Following his first-round loss to unheralded German veteran Michael Berrer at
the French Open, Raonic appeared jaded and spoke about being a rookie and still
having a lot to learn about working out a tournament schedule that would keep
him fresh and fit.

With his early exit at Roland Garros, and just the Halle tournament on grass,
Raonic enters Wimbledon well rested.

"I am looking forward to Wimbledon and the body is good and feeling fit," Raonic
tweeted earlier this week.

His huge-serving and attacking instincts are tailor-made for grass.

"I grew up watching (Pete) Sampras play on the grass at Wimbledon," Raonic said.
"With how much I admired him, this is really something special. I always hoped I
would play well on this surface."

Raonic, ranked 26th in the world, might have to be patient, though. Sampras, a
seven-time Wimbledon champion, won just one match in his first three tries.
Similarly Federer, a six-time winner, suffered first-round defeats in three of
his first four Wimbledons.

But two-time doubles champion Daniel Nestor of Toronto has high hopes for
Raonic, who is seeded 31st in his Wimbledon debut.

"He has a great chance to reach the quarters or even the semis with his style,"
Nestor said.

"He has the ability to mix in a slice serve, which is a key on grass. The
rallies will be shorter, which is better for an aggressive guy like him who
doesn't want to get into long rallies anyway."

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Canada's Milos Raonic enters Wimbledon well rested. Associated Press
File Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              865 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            October 25, 2009 Sunday

Huskers' hard edge diminished;

BYLINE:

SECTION: HUSKER EXTRA; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 774 words


Bo Pelini's critics, in one sense, had to be pleased Saturday. For what it's
worth, Pelini was a picture of poise at the postgame press conference. Angry Bo
never materialized. He was calm and composed. He didn't throw questions back at
reporters. Didn't raise his voice. It was almost like he underwent a personality
transplant.

Trouble is, it appears his team has undergone a similar procedure.

Nebraska's hard edge has diminished considerably since last season. I thought
Pelini's teams always would have a hard edge. I thought his teams would
consistently be razor-sharp and generally reflect the persona of swashbuckling,
bad-youknow-what Bo. But the Huskers' fire has been lacking noticeably the last
two games, and I can't put my finger on a reason.

Whatever the case, Nebraska had better sharpen up soon, or its 9-7 loss to Iowa
State won't be the last embarrassment this season for a tradition-rich program
that Saturday seemed light years from rediscovering past glory.

Glory days have degenerated into gory days - days I thought had passed with the
arrival of Pelini.

"I'm disappointed in our football team," Pelini said after Nebraska's second
straight loss dropped its record to 4-3 overall and 1-2 in the Big 12.

"I'm just disappointed," he added, his voice trailing. "It starts with me."

You might call this loss a fluke. After all, Nebraska committed eight turnovers,
including four that occurred inside the Iowa State 6-yard line!

But calling it a fluke is letting Big Red off the hook too easily. Plus, give
Iowa State credit. The Cyclones went hard after the ball. They tipped passes.
They made plays. Bottom line: Much of the time, ISU's defense was the aggressor,
and NU was soft - very un-Pelini-like.

Of Nebraska's eight turnovers, only Niles Paul's second-quarter fumble would be
considered flukish. In other cases, Husker players weren't strong with the ball.
In one case, Cyclone safety James Smith flat-out pulled the pigskin from
Dontrayevous Robinson's hands.

It often was a matter of want-to. Iowa State (5-3, 2-2) showed by its actions it
wanted this win more than Nebraska - again, very un-Pelini-like.

Nebraska's defense, stellar as usual most of the day, failed to force a turnover
and allowed three first downs on a fourth-quarter drive to let Iowa State escape
the shadow of its end zone and burn clock. A backup quarterback, Jerome Tiller,
made clutch plays with his arm and running a smooth read option.

Nor does Nebraska get a pass on special teams. If it doesn't surrender a 20-yard
gain on a fake punt, perhaps the Huskers escape with a 7-3 win.

Whatever happened to the hard-edged Nebraska team we saw in the Gator Bowl?

You wonder about leadership among players. Is there enough fire in the locker
room? Joe Ganz, for instance, was a roiling inferno at times last season. He got
in teammates' faces if it was needed. I don't see that from anyone on offense or
defense.

I was misguided in thinking Pelini's energy and passion might always be enough
in that regard.

On the bright side, Nebraska showed life offensively. Blocking was decent. The
Huskers perhaps found a viable backup running back in freshman Robinson (15
carries, 77 yards). Or maybe he'll become the starter. Roy Helu isn't running
with the same abandon he showed back in mid-September. He lost two fumbles. His
injured shoulder has to be affecting him. Trouble is, it's an injury that won't
suddenly go away.

Zac Lee started at quarterback and played OK. You can't pin the loss on Zac,
although his last two interceptions, as Nebraska tried to mount a last-ditch
rally, won't inspire confidence among teammates.

I've written more than once that freshman Cody Green should be the starting QB.
Coaches this week contemplated making a change. Although Pelini said it was
ultimately an easy decision to start Lee, offensive coordinator Shawn Watson
sang a slightly different tune, saying Green continues to gain ground on Lee.

"Cody's getting better and better and better," said Watson, adding Lee's edge is
mostly in game-management issues, such as the two-minute drill.

Given Green's steady improvement, and what we've seen from him and Lee in games,
I don't think going to him now should be regarded as a panic move, as some might
suggest.

Lee does a lot of good things, but he doesn't provide a spark for the offense.
He's not that type of player. Not that type of personality. Now, it appears
Nebraska's entire program needs a spark, which is why I'd give the keys to the
6-foot-4, 220-pound Green, a gifted runner and developing passer. It's
definitely worth a try, because something's missing.

Reach Steven M. Sipple at 473-7440 or ssipple@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              866 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                            January 10, 2000 Monday
                                  Late Edition

An affair of state that has left all parties worse off

BYLINE: Robert Dallek - Robert Dallek is a professor of history at Boston
University.

SECTION: NEWS; Opinion; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 694 words


Robert Dallek reflects a year after the US presidential impeachment crisis.

A year after Bill Clinton's House impeachment and Senate trial, can anyone
remember what it was all about?

To be sure, Ken Starr, Monica Lewinsky, Linda Tripp are all still in the news
and most everyone recalls that the president had an illicit relationship with a
20-something intern; but why the House indicted him for committing high crimes
and misdemeanours seemed and continues to seem puzzling to most folks outside
Washington.

The relatively small repercussions from the so-called presidential "crisis" is
partly what spurs the confusion.

Instead of a crippled chief executive, we have seen a familiar Bill Clinton
negotiating to end international conflicts, pushing the Congress to pass budget
bills, calling on the national conscience to deal with gun violence, racial
divisions, and patient rights, and cheerfully presiding over all manner of White
House ceremonies.

It all looks quite normal and suggests that impeachment was a kind of overkill
that never should have occurred. This is likely to be the principal view of
historians, who will have to dig below the surface of events to understand the
strange impeachment of a popular president in the seventh year of his second
term.

The explanation will partly be that the Republican-controlled House of
Representatives, dominated by cultural conservatives from the south and the
west, vented its anger on a symbol of the counter-culture someone whose
opposition to the Vietnam war, want of military service, marijuana smoking, and
numerous infidelities made him an easy target of traditionalists outraged by his
behaviour in the White House.

Historians will also point to the end of the Cold War and a reaction against the
imperial presidency as other sources of Clinton's troubles. With the Soviet
danger at an end, the Congress, which always feels compelled when faced with
foreign perils to rally around the commander-in-chief, saw diminished need to
keep the president on a pedestal.

Similarly, the long period of presidential dominance dating back 60 years to the
Great Depression and continuing through World War II and the Cold War left the
Congress eager to reassert its influence.

Beyond the reasons for the impeachment, what will historians say about its
impact on Clinton's conduct of office? They will need to see this in the context
of a "lame duck" president battling a hostile Congress controlled by the
opposition party.

But they will also assert that Clinton's diminished ability to lead was partly
the result of lost moral authority, the principal consequence of his
impeachment.

Without a Bully Pulpit in the last two years of his term, Bill Clinton has been
and will be not just a "lame duck" but a wounded duck who can't make convincing
domestic proposals on the great remaining questions of our time.

And what about the impact of the impeachment on Clinton's historical reputation
and legacy? It will reverberate here as well. However much historians will
credit him with the economic boom of the 1990s, however positive their
assessments of his balanced budgets, welfare reforms, impact on urban crime, and
successful foreign policies producing a period of general peace in which the US
suffered few combat deaths, the president will never escape the blight of having
been only the second president to have been impeached and tried and the first
elected chief executive to have weathered that ordeal.

The impeachment, however, will not only affect Bill Clinton's reputation, it
will also influence future congressional judgments.

The current House of Representatives will be remembered for its rashness in
forcing the president into a trial. And the lesson future Congresses will take
from this experience is: impeachment is a last resort that should only be used
when there is a near certainty that a president has violated the law and is more
than likely to be removed from office by a Senate trial.

In short, future congresses will want to remember that while impeachment is in
significant part a political process, it ultimately rests on rules of law that
can never be subordinated to the partisanship of the moment.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2000 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              867 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 19, 1995, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BOOKS IN BRIEF: FICTION

BYLINE: By ELIZABETH GAFFNEY

SECTION: Section 7;  Page 26;  Column 2;  Book Review Desk

LENGTH: 228 words



DIMINISHED CAPACITY
By Sherwood Kiraly.
Berkley Books, paper, $10.

The unalphabetical logic of the "q-w-e-r-t-y" keyboard has given pause to
typists over the years, but none ever found it so challenging as the
poetry-writing Mississippi River perch -- yes, the fish -- of Sherwood Kiraly's
second novel. Still, though their spelling is poor, they manage to bang out
lines of putative verse by striking at baited hooks rigged to the keys of a
manual typewriter. Their work is heavily edited by Rollie Zerbs, a senile
ex-barman who also rebaits the fishing lines and inserts fresh paper from time
to time. And if all those lines never seem to get tangled or any fish caught,
well, fish stories are Mr. Kiraly's forte -- and he does an admirable job of
getting us to go along with this one. Rollie and his nephew Cooper -- also
mentally impaired after receiving a blow to the head from his girlfriend's
jealous suitor -- set off from their sleepy hometown to sell a rare baseball
card at a collectors' fair in Chicago and on the way encounter considerable
obstacles, from car trouble to cases of mistaken (or forgotten) identity to a
daunting number of drawn guns. From a great deal of silliness, Mr. Kiraly has
constructed a swift-flowing tale of low comedy and high jinks, and produced an
entertaining if by no means edifying book.   ELIZABETH GAFFNEY

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              868 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            October 18, 2010 Monday

Tech Universe: Monday 18 October

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 304 words


EYES ON THE ROAD: The Eyetracker can be installed in any car. Two tiny cameras
mounted on the dashboard track a driver's eye movements. They evaluate up to 200
images per second and sound an alarm if a driver seems drowsy. The system
includes its own hardware and software, so no separate computer is required.
Smile, you're on camera. More at .

IPAD A CAB: The experimental driverless MadeInGermany cab can be

called up by phone or iPad. GPS tells the Volkswagen Passat where you are. It
works out the best route to reach you then finds its own way there. It uses
LIDAR, RADAR, cameras, GPS and a computer in the boot. At last a cab whose
driver doesn't chat constantly. More at and video on .

MAGIC FIT: At Macy's Herald Square store in New York customers can try on
garments without changing their clothes. A 1.8 metre multi-touch mirror
interacts with a multi-touch tablet to superimpose clothes on the customer's
reflection. The images can be sent to Facebook too for Likes. Social clothes
shopping. More at .

DIMINISHED REALITY: Oh, no! Your video accidentally included that annoying
object on the table; you'll have to re-shoot. Or not, if you use the Diminished
Reality software to remove unsightly objects from movies. German software
reduces the resolution of the unwanted object, removes it, then builds up the
image again in each frame. Results are available in real time. Do we still trust
documentaries?

Details at and video on .

SCREEN PULL: TeslaTouch screens use electrical impulses to simulate friction and
texture. 2 layers of glass, electrode and insulator respond to small electrical
fields. When a user touches the glass they sense a pull towards the screen
interpreted as friction. Dragging an icon may give the file apparent 'weight'.
That was a really heavy movie, man. More at and video on .

- Miraz Jordan

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              869 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                           October 16, 2010 Saturday

Tech Universe: Monday 18 October

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; General

LENGTH: 304 words


EYES ON THE ROAD: The Eyetracker can be installed in any car. Two tiny cameras
mounted on the dashboard track a driver's eye movements. They evaluate up to 200
images per second and sound an alarm if a driver seems drowsy. The system
includes its own hardware and software, so no separate computer is required.
Smile, you're on camera. More at .

IPAD A CAB: The experimental driverless MadeInGermany cab can be

called up by phone or iPad. GPS tells the Volkswagen Passat where you are. It
works out the best route to reach you then finds its own way there. It uses
LIDAR, RADAR, cameras, GPS and a computer in the boot. At last a cab whose
driver doesn't chat constantly. More at and video on .

MAGIC FIT: At Macy's Herald Square store in New York customers can try on
garments without changing their clothes. A 1.8 metre multi-touch mirror
interacts with a multi-touch tablet to superimpose clothes on the customer's
reflection. The images can be sent to Facebook too for Likes. Social clothes
shopping. More at .

DIMINISHED REALITY: Oh, no! Your video accidentally included that annoying
object on the table; you'll have to re-shoot. Or not, if you use the Diminished
Reality software to remove unsightly objects from movies. German software
reduces the resolution of the unwanted object, removes it, then builds up the
image again in each frame. Results are available in real time. Do we still trust
documentaries?

Details at and video on .

SCREEN PULL: TeslaTouch screens use electrical impulses to simulate friction and
texture. 2 layers of glass, electrode and insulator respond to small electrical
fields. When a user touches the glass they sense a pull towards the screen
interpreted as friction. Dragging an icon may give the file apparent 'weight'.
That was a really heavy movie, man. More at and video on .

- Miraz Jordan

LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              870 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Ledger (Lakeland, FL)

                             March 25, 2007 Sunday

BLACK ROBES AND GREENBACKS;
EDITORIAL

BYLINE: The Ledger

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 844 words


There are eight former U.S. district attorneys who have been getting plenty of
attention in Washington. The Justice Department says they were let go for poor
performance. Their written evaluations prior to their dismissals say they were
doing good jobs.

Some have said they were forced out after receiving telephone calls from members
of Congress asking for particulars about indictments of political foes. One of
those who was let go prosecuted former Rep. Randy "Duke" Cunningham, R-Calif.,
now an inmate in the federal prison system.

The attention to the unemployed district attorneys is rightly deserved,
particularly given the mercurial excuses for their departure offered by the
White House.

But while Congress looks at one part of the federal justice system, members also
need to give some attention to another: judicial pay.

The Constitution provides for an independent judiciary. It further isolates the
judges by providing that their pay "shall not be diminished during the
continuance in office."

And yet the real pay of federal district court judges has fallen about 25
percent since 1969.

It's hard to draw any sympathy for the argument that a federal district court
judge making $165,200 a year is underpaid.

But U.S. Supreme Court Justice Anthony Kennedy presented that case to a
congressional committee recently. While the actual dollar amount hasn't been
diminished, the salary paid to district court judges doesn't hold the attraction
it once did. He noted that, in 2005, nine federal judges resigned or retired,
"which was the largest departure from the federal bench in any one year."

Of those, four went to work for JAMS, the largest private alternative
dispute-resolution service in the world. Kennedy noted that at the
California-based mediation-and-arbitration service those former judges now have
"the potential to earn the equivalent of a district judge's salary in a matter
of months."

He added: "It would be troubling if the best judges were available only to those
who could afford private arbitration." It's a point that needs to be emphasized
again and again in the debate.

The aspect of having to pay judges more money is not an appealing topic for
members of Congress - particularly when it seems some former members of Congress
are spending a good deal of time before the bench themselves (see "Cunningham,
Randy," above).

Sen. Richard Durbin, D-Ill., pointed out that federal judges make more than 95
percent of Americans. Raising the salary to Kennedy's expectations would mean
they make more than 99 percent of Americans.

With a federal judge's weekly paycheck just less than $3,200, Kennedy should
realize that most people are going to have a problem identifying with him when
he says: "It is my duty, then, to tell you, Mr. Chairman, that in more than
three decades as a judge, I have not seen my colleagues in the judiciary so
dispirited as at the present time. The blunt fact is that the past congressional
policy with respect to judicial salaries has been one of neglect."

Federal judges are a small constituency, but the pay issue is gaining support.
About two weeks ago, DRI, a national organization of 22,000 defense trial
lawyers and corporate counsels, urged members of Congress to pass a significant
salary increase for all federal judges.

"While salaries in private practices are on the rise, the same cannot be said
for the judges serving in some of the most important courts in the land," said
Partick Long, DRI's president. "The fact that a first-year associate at a law
firm can make almost as much, and in some cases perhaps more, than a federal
trial judge should be a wake-up call that we need to take an immediate and
focused look at federal judicial salaries."

Moreover, the case load for federal courts has increased substantially over the
past decade. As a result, the Judicial Conference of the United States, the
policymaking arm of the court system, voted this month to ask for 67 new
judgeships - 15 at the appellate-court level and 52 at the district level - to
provide relief.

Since 1990, the conference noted, Congress has increased the number of judges by
only 4 percent while district-court case filings have increased by 29 percent.

The problem isn't new. In 2002, a commission chaired by former Federal Reserve
Chairman Paul Volcker urged Congress to raise the salaries of federal judges. A
bill that would have given judges a 16.5 percent raise was defeated in 2003.

The commission noted that the deans at top U.S. law schools earned more than
$300,000 while law professors at those schools made $209,000.

When Congress considers judicial pay, members should also impose judicial
reform. One of those measures should include either an out-right ban or at least
detailed reporting of the privately financed "educational sessions" for judges.
Usually held at an upscale resort, many sessions are little more than junkets
during which the sponsor tries to put an issue in its best light.

A pay raise for federal judges is going to be a tough sell. Making some
concessions should make the case more appealing to Congress.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: WEB PUBLICATION


             Copyright 2007 Lakeland Ledger Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              871 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday

MWD officials OK water cuts

BYLINE: Rebecca Kimitch, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


Southern Californians will be expected to use 10percent less water this summer
and pay more for it, after a decision by regional water officials Tuesday.

The Metropolitan Water District, which distributes water imported from the north
and the Colorado River to the region, voted to implement an allocation plan that
cuts the amount of imported water local agencies will receive by 10percent to
15percent.

The MWD board of directors also voted to increase water rates by 20 percent this
year, and plan to raise them by as much next year.

The actions mark the first time since 1991 that imported water has been rationed
and the first time since 1993 that rates have increased so dramatically.

"Today is really a historic day - it is a day many of us hoped we wouldn't come
to," said board Chairman Timothy Brick, who represents Pasadena on the board.
"The challenges we face today are as great as any board of Metropolitan has
faced. ... It represents the end of an era of cheap water."

State officials have so far promised the region only 20percent of its allocation
from northern water supplies. Officials will likely increase this amount in the
coming days, but MWD general manager Jeffrey Kightlinger is certain it won't be
enough to avoid forced conservation.

"It's not going to fundamentally change the situation," he said.

Though statewide snowpack is at 81percent of normal, the cumulative effect of
dry conditions in the state and the West in recent years has left reservoirs
severely depleted.

MWD's reservoirs are about half what they should be. If water use continues as
it has, without the mandatory conservation approved Tuesday, and dry conditions
persist, the MWD would have enough water in store to last two years. With the
rationing plan, the agency extends the storage supply an additional year, if it
is not replenished.

"We don't know if we are in the third year of a three-year drought or the third
year of a 15-year drought, like in Australia," said board member Keith Lewinger,
who represents the San Diego County Water Authority.

In addition to drought conditions, water supplies have been slashed by a court
decision to cut the operation of pumps that move water from the Sacramento-San
Joaquin River delta south.

The court decision has not only diminished supplies, but also driven up to
two-thirds of the rate increase.

The MWD has had to replace the cut water with more expensive recycled water and
water from farmers who agree to fallow their land. Officials have also had to
help finance solutions to the delta problem - where the pumps have been blamed
for killing the Delta Smelt, an endangered fish.

With solutions to the delta situation years away, diminished supplies and higher
rates will continue regardless of drought conditions, Kightlinger said.

How the MWD's rationing and rate increases will affect residents and businesses
varies from city to city. Many cities and water utilities get only a portion of
their water from the MWD and rely on groundwater for the rest.

"It's going to hit them each a bit differently," said David Hill, water
resources manager for the Central Basin Municipal Water District.

The mandatory conservation plan begins July 1. The rate increase takes effect
Sept. 1.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              872 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 31, 2011 Saturday

TWV has cultural, economic influence

BYLINE: Tina Alvey, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 431 words


Dec. 31--With Theatre West Virginia battling financial woes serious enough to
prompt a temporary closure, at least one local business leader is sounding a
warning about the potential fallout should TWV's shuttering turn out to be
permanent.

Lodging industry executive Mike Darby said, while TWV's economic impact on the
region is perhaps larger than people realize, the theater's cultural influence
is even more important.

"They bring in a lot of folks from out of the area, and those visitors spend
money on lodging, restaurants, shopping," Darby pointed out. "There would be a
significant impact if they could not survive this."

"This" is a financial crisis that caused Theatre West Virginia General Manager
Gayle Bowling to announce the temporary closing Thursday.

While she hopes the closure will last a maximum of three weeks, Bowling told The
Register-Herald that much hinges on a planned Jan. 12 meeting with Gov. Earl Ray
Tomblin.

The bid for additional state money, needed to pay off a $188,000 line of credit
secured by TWV to provide operating funds throughout the year, is critical to
Theatre West Virginia's survival, Bowling implied.

Darby said ensuring TWV's continuing existence is important not just to the
local region, but to the entire state.

"This is not just about Beckley or Theatre West Virginia," he said. "The outdoor
dramas the theater puts on are part of the fabric of West Virginia and our
history as a state. Any state that doesn't care about its history and its
culture and the arts is not a state many people would want to come and live in."

TWV is known for its productions of "Honey in the Rock," which tells the story
of the birth of West Virginia out of the crucible of the Civil War, and
"Hatfields and McCoys," dramatizing the legendary feud rooted in the mountains
of West Virginia and Kentucky.

"Theatre West Virginia is an important part of the local economy, but the first
impact of its loss would be that we, as a community, would be diminished if it
were to go away," Darby emphasized. "As an area, a community and a state, we
will be diminished. We will lose that whole dimension of our economy and our
culture; it will be lost and not replaced.

"It's not like if Kmart goes out, and Target comes in. There's no other entity
to replace Theatre West Virginia and the cultural vitality it provides the
community.

"I hope the governor looks with favor on TWV."

-- E-mail: talvey@register-herald.com

___ (c)2011 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111231-WZ-TWV-has-cultural-economic-influence-1231-20111231

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2011 The Register-Herald


                              873 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            January 13, 2009 Tuesday

Letters: A fine job on a sad subject

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 939 words


A fine job on a sad subject

My sympathies and gratitude go out to all the people who participated in the
"Suicides" articles Sunday and to the young reporter, Laith Agha, who took on a
very difficult assignment and did a fine job.

The numbers were staggering and the story very heartfelt. I congratulate The
Herald for bringing this to the community's attention. Sadly, it is usually a
subject that is talked about when it is too late.

Mark Panelli

Salinas

Tragedies cry out for rethinking priorities

Tears welled in my hat brim-covered eyes as I struggled to read about suicide
among Carmel students. My physical shield allowed reflection on many years of
teaching high school students, growing up in a community similar to this one,
with children of worldly, mobile parents who seemed to have it all.

Many children of substance live lives of expectation as to who they will be.
Children today are incessantly hammered with work, disallowing their own
investigative incentive, independent of us, as if they can't learn absent
outside control.

I choke on our present obsession with "outcomes" education, implying a finality,
which, integral with life, should only be finished after a long journey, full of
fits and starts of joyful discovery, free from imperative.

Teachers and students no longer feel the rewards of learning as we lockstep to
the threat of endless tests that now define us. "Straight A's, or no college for
you."

Children are led to an "outcomes" precipice of false completion that leaves them
no understanding of how to fulfill internal demands that will continue
throughout a lifetime. These cries of pain ask us to rethink our priorities.

Sandra W. Sutherland

Carmel

Other families' sadness diminished

It was with great sadness that I read the Sunday Herald article about the
suicide rate of Carmel youth. My deepest sympathy goes out to the parents and
families suffering such a terrible loss. What I didn't see in the article were
statistics regarding suicide rate among youth in the rest of the Peninsula.

Monterey, Marina, Seaside, Salinas, Del Rey Oaks, Pacific Grove were noticeably
eliminated from the article. In doing so, The Herald diminished the sorrow of
families in those cities.

Daryl Barschon

Seaside

U.S. elephant in Mideast closet

The United Nations reacting to the horror and violence of World War II gave part
of Palestine to the Jewish people. This division of the Palestinian homeland was
in the light of 30 years of Jewish/Muslim strife and the Palestinian rejection
of the partitioning.

Considering these factors, one must use caution when pointing the finger.
Citizens of the United States would react as the Palestinians, under similar
circumstances.

Yes, both Israelis and Palestinians feel they have justification for their
present actions. The only possible solution is decisive peacekeeping action by
the U.N., supported by the United States.

"The elephant in the closet" has been the United States. Interestingly, this
elephant has been ours, the Republican elephant. Their refusal to engage and
support the U.N. has prolonged this tragedy.

The U.S. government has repeatedly refused to support the U.N. and the rest of
the world by ignoring our peacemaking responsibilities. One outstanding example
is our unwillingness to allow U.S. troops to be under the command of U.N.
officers, except on rare occasions.

I grieve for the hundreds of innocents in this present conflict, brutally
murdered in direct violation of International War Rules and the Geneva
Convention. I am ashamed of our government's failure.

Charles Creswell

Carmel

Cleaning up a mess

Dave Clark's opinion letter Sunday decrying the press' supposed "glossing over
the truth'," i.e., too-favorably reporting on Barack Obama, might have been more
persuasive without the reference to "our new zippity-do-dah president." The
comparison to zippity-do-dah-singing black farmhand Uncle Remus in Disney's old
"Song of the South" is shameful.

It's bad enough for sour-grapes Republicans to make fools of themselves with
race-baiting songs like "Barack the Magic Negro." I guess the champions of the
ever-shrinking "big-tent" party of Southern White men just don't get why they
were trounced on election day.

Clark's second comparison of Obama, namely to Roman emperor Nero who fiddled as
Rome burned, and his prediction Obama will lead us into an economic depression,
are laughable. George W. Bush, the true modern-day Nero, fiddled and diddled our
nation into a massive deficit and recession, with endless war and deregulation
that fostered predatory lending and the inevitable foreclosures that sparked
this recession.

Yes, Democrats will have to clean up after the GOP mess.

David W. Brown

Marina

For more on Clark's letter, see the new Ask the Editors blog at
montereyherald.com .

Watch for 'Raw Deal'

Dave Clark couldn't be more spot on regarding Obama. Look at FDR. The left media
made it sound like he saved the nation, when in reality his "New Deal" programs
failed miserably. Barack Obama has promised change, but just like FDR, he is
attempting temporary solutions to problems that can't be simply solved.

It is far more complex than 11 million Americans without jobs.

Obama's new plan, or "Raw Deal" as I call it, is nothing more than money out of
taxpayer pockets to support jobs that will vault us into a deeper debt.

Believe it or not, not even Republicans want Obama to fail in their hearts. The
truth is we recognize what has worked in past and present society. It wasn't the
Bush administration, and it certainly won't be the Obama administration ruining
capitalism and creating a larger government that taxpayers can't support.

Michael Zabbo

Monterey

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              874 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   January 3, 1993, SUNDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

NEW LIGHT ON THE LINDBERGHS; A FIRST-RATE BIOGRAPHY OF THE FAMED AVIATOR AND HIS
CELEBRATED WIFE

BYLINE: Reviewed By Steve Weinberg

SECTION: EVERYDAY MAGAZINE; Pg. 5C

LENGTH: 877 words


LOSS OF EDEN A Biography of Charles and Anne Morrow Lindbergh By Joyce Milton
508 pages, HarperCollins, $ 25

WHEN Charles Lindbergh made the first transatlantic flight in 1927, he became a
hero beyond imagining. He also gave millions of people cause to associate
Missouri's biggest city with the flight, having named his plane "Spirit of St.
Louis."

The fascination with airborne feats is much diminished today; travelers of all
ages take transatlantic flights so much for granted that many never even look
out the window as they cross the ocean.

But the fascination of authors and publishers with the Lindbergh mystique
obviously has not diminished, despite dozens of books already out there about
the Lindberghs or by one of the Lindberghs. That count includes five memoirs by
Charles ("We," "The Spirit of St. Louis," "Autobiography of Values," "Of Life
and Flight" and "The Wartime Journals of Charles Lindbergh"), plus five volumes
of letters and diaries from Anne, including one of the biggest selling books of
all time, "Gift From the Sea."

So why the new round of Lindbergh books?

Ticknor & Fields published "Anne Morrow Lindbergh: A Gift for Life," by Dorothy
Herrmann (382 pages, $ 24.95), in December. Simon & Schuster has just published
"The Name of the Mountains," an autobiographical novel by Reeve Lindbergh, the
youngest child of Charles and Anne. In 1990, Scott Berg, one of the most
accomplished biographers alive, signed a contract with Putnam reported to be
more than $ 1 million for an authorized life of Charles Lindbergh; it is in
progress.

In light of all this activity, what does Joyce Milton, a New York area
free-lancer, have to offer about Charles, who died in 1974 at age 72; Anne, born
in 1906 and still living at this writing, and their 45-year marriage?

Plenty, as it turns out, although she obviously never interviewed Charles and
never succeeded in interviewing Anne, either.

But first, a synopsis of their two lives. Charles, born in Minnesota, survived
the divorce of his parents, the craziness of his father's life as prairie
populist turned U.S. congressman, a poor record in school after school,
life-threatening flights in an infant industry and an intense dislike of
publicity to become as public a hero as has ever lived in the United States -
after learning much of what he knew about flying while based at Lambert Field in
St. Louis.

Anne grew up wealthy and sheltered on the East Coast, daughter of a politically
connected investment banker. She excelled in school, finishing college in an era
when few women thought of attending, whether or not they had the money to do so.

Charles met Anne through her father, who had become a financial advisor to the
suddenly wealthy, famous pilot. Charles had never dated, apparently had never so
much as kissed a young woman. Anne became the first. He adjusted to marriage,
more or less, while she, never adventurous, became an accomplished pilot herself
so that they could explore the world together.

The rest of their life together never slowed - the fame, the controversy over
their political stances, the kidnapping and death of their infant son.

Much of what biographer Milton writes has appeared in previous books. Yet she
tells it so compellingly, weaving together the lives of Charles and Anne in new
ways, that it usually seems fresh.

Some of what she writes is new, including her version of who helped to kidnap
the Lindberghs' son, why they did so and the role of Charles during the
investigation.

Milton succeeds admirably in another way, too - giving context to the lives of
Charles and Anne.

The main theme she develops for Charles' life is his belief that widespread
aviation could bring together humankind. Too late did he come to understand that
airplanes could just as easily become weapons of death as vehicles for
international cooperation.

Milton's main theme for Anne's life is her belief in the value of solitude and
contemplation, especially for women. The way she juggled her family life, her
fabulously successful writing career and her flying adventures made her someone
for many women to emulate.

Despite the thematic underpinnings of Milton's biography, her account of the
kidnapping is almost certain to generate the most attention for this book.  Here
is Milton's rationale for making the kidnapping such a major portion:

"The most obvious difference between this and previous biographies of Charles
Lindbergh is in the amount of space devoted to the 1932 kidnapping of Charles
Augustus Lindbergh Jr. The desire of the Lindbergh family to put their memories
of this tragic crime behind them is more than understandable; nevertheless, an
objective biographer must acknowledge that this unfortunate affair altered the
course of the Lindberghs' lives forever.

"Unlike some previous researchers who have approached the official archives
looking for evidence that would exculpate Bruno Richard Hauptmann, I was mainly
interested in what the files would tell me about Charles Lindbergh's role in
administering the investigation."

Milton's choice on how the handle the kidnapping is justified by the results. In
fact, almost all of her choices seem wise. This is a first-rate biography.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo by Universal Air Lines System - Charles and Anne Morrow
Lindbergh arriving in St. Louis in 1930 during an cross-country flight in a
twin-cockpit biplane. They were on an inspection trip along the lines of
Transcontinental Air Transport, for which Lindbergh was an adviser.

TYPE: REVIEW BOOK

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              875 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   July 1, 1993, THURSDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

SUBDIVISION PLAN THREATENS WILDLIFE, NEIGHBORS PROTEST; PLANNING BOARD CHAIRMAN
SAYS OWNERS ARE ENTITLED TO SELL

BYLINE: Sarah Sikora Post-Dispatch Special Correspondent

SECTION: ZONE SOUTH; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 369 words


Mary Noll remembers years ago when her parents would take her for rides in the
country near her home in Christopher Oaks.  Housing developments have since
taken over much of this land. But residents of the Christopher Oaks subdivision
expressed concern Monday night at a meeting of the St. Louis County Planning
Commission about 20 acres of land that may be developed by Suntide Homes
Development Inc.  The land adjoins Noll's back yard.  Suntide Homes requested
that the zoning be changed on the property to allow 24 single-family homes to be
built.  Noll said that when she built her house at 2586 Christopher Oaks Court 2
1/2 years ago, it was with the understanding that part of the land was common
ground in which the developer could not build.  Since then, the owner has sold
the property to Suntide Homes.  Residents, including Noll and her husband, David
Noll, are concerned about the wildlife that lives on that land.  "We have deer
that feed out of our yards. Once you destroy the balance, they have nowhere to
go," said Carolyn Elphingstone of 2589 Christopher Oaks Court.  Elphingstone
said that in the woods behind her home live foxes, wild turkey, Missouri blue
birds, owls and woodpeckers.  The chairman of the county Planning Commission,
Doug Morgan, said a park that would surround the proposed subdivision would
allow wildlife to inhabit another area.  Morgan added that similar concerns were
raised when the Christopher Oaks subdivision was built. "We hear the same things
over and over. Someone owns that property and they are entitled to sell it,"
Morgan said.  Several of the trees will be removed if the development is built,
Morgan said. Yet he said he believed the rezoning request was reasonable.  "It's
not good for the rabbits and the squirrels. I do put the human race before the
squirrels and the rabbits," Morgan said.  Mike Schroer of the Missouri
Department of Conservation said that between 1980 and 1990, St. Louis County
lost approximately 10,000 acres of wildlife habitat.  Schroer said the
department would like to work with the county to preserve wooded areas.  The
Planning Commission will decide on Suntide's request by the next meeting,
scheduled for Aug. 2.

LOAD-DATE: October 11, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: (1) Photo by Sam Leone - ABOVE: About 350 Girl Scouts and adult
volunteers gathered recently for a day camp at Buder Park in St. Louis County.
One group of scouts is shown after taping their mouths in hopes of winning the
"Quiet Award." (2) Photo by Sam Leone - BELOW: Scouts Nicole Weber, Meredith
Offermann, Breanna Johnson, Erika Lippert and Maura Rafuse, all holding "swaps,"
items they made to exchange with friends in other troops. (3) Photo by Sam Leone
- RIGHT: Stephanie Hoemann and Lindsay Connolloy roasting marshmallows during
the Girl Scout day camp, which brought a sense of wilderness adventure to Buder
Park in St. Louis County.

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              876 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             April 14, 2009 Tuesday

MWD OKs water rationing, rate increase

BYLINE: Rebecca Kimitch, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 536 words


Southern Californians will be expected to use 10 percent less water this summer
and pay more for it, after a decision by regional water officials Tuesday.

The Metropolitan Water District, which distributes water imported from the north
and the Colorado River to the region, voted to implement an allocation plan that
cuts the amount of imported water local agencies will receive by 10percent to
15percent.

The MWD board of directors also voted to increase water rates by 20 percent this
year, and plan to raise them by as much next year.

The actions mark the first time since 1991 that imported water has been rationed
and the first time since 1993 that rates have increased so dramatically.

"Today is really a historic day - it is a day many of us hoped we wouldn't come
to," said board Chairman Timothy Brick, who represents Pasadena on the board.
"The challenges we face today are as great as any board of Metropolitan has
faced. ... It represents the end of an era of cheap water."

State officials have so far promised the region only 20 percent of its
allocation from northern water supplies. Officials will likely increase this
amount in the coming days, but MWD general manager Jeffrey Kightlinger is
certain it won't be enough to avoid forced conservation.

"It's not going to fundamentally change the situation," he said.

Though statewide snowpack is at 81percent of normal, the cumulative effect of
dry conditions in the state and the West in recent years has left reservoirs
severely depleted.

MWD's reservoirs are about half what they should be. If water use continues as
it has, without the mandatory conservation approved Tuesday, and dry conditions
persist, the MWD would have enough water in store to last two years. With the
rationing plan, the agency extends the storage supply an additional year, if it
is not replenished.

"We don't know if we are in the third year of a three-year drought or the third
year of a 15-year drought, like in Australia," said board member Keith Lewinger,
who represents the San Diego County Water Authority.

In addition to drought conditions, water supplies have been slashed by a court
decision to cut the operation of pumps that move water from the Sacramento-San
Joaquin River delta south.

The court decision has not only diminished supplies, but also driven up to
two-thirds of the rate increase.

The MWD has had to replace the cut water with more expensive recycled water and
water from farmers who agree to fallow their land. Officials have also had to
help finance solutions to the delta problem - where the pumps have been blamed
for killing the Delta Smelt, an endangered fish.

With solutions to the delta situation years away, diminished supplies and higher
rates will continue regardless of drought conditions, Kightlinger said.

How the MWD's rationing and rate increases will affect residents and businesses
varies from city to city. Many cities and water utilities get only a portion of
their water from the MWD and rely on groundwater for the rest.

"It's going to hit them each a bit differently," said David Hill, water
resources manager for the Central Basin Municipal Water District.

The mandatory conservation plan begins July 1. The rate increase takes effect
Sept. 1.

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              877 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Bond Buyer

Rating Changes

                             August 1, 2003, Friday

Compiled by Matthew Kreps



    Dollar amounts represent the amount of bonds outstanding in the issue.
Rating changes that result from the purchase of the letters of credit or bond
insurance for issues in the secondary market are not included.

       ISSUER   AMOUNT      CHANGE
       BOND   ($ 000S)   TO      FROM   NAME   COMMENTS

    ABAG Finance Authority for Nonprofit Corp.,   271,480   BBB   A   S&P
Downgrade of state GO rating.
    certificates of participation (Cal-Mortgage Insurance
    Program)

    Athens & Limeston County Health Care Authority,   19,182   BB-plus
BBB-minus   S&P   Declining profitability and debt service coverage.
    Ala., hospital tax anticipation notes, Series 1998

    California (State), general fund-supported bonds   26,800,000   BBB
A   S&P   Lack of progress in adopting FY 2004 budget, diminished
pros-
                   pects for meaningful structural
budget reform due to political
                   focus on gubernatorial recall
election.

    California (State), general fund lease-supported   6,700,000
BBB-minus   A-minus   S&P   Lack of progress in adopting FY 2004
budget, diminished pros-
    debt               pects for meaningful
structural budget reform due to political
                   focus on gubernatorial recall
election.

    California Department of Veterans Affairs,   3,692,045   A   AA-
minus   S&P   Downgrade of state GO rating.
    general obligation bonds and home purchase
    revenue bonds

    California Educational Facilities Authority,   14,000   Ba1
Baa3   Moody   College's weakened balance sheet due to declining financial
    revenue bonds, Series 1999 (Heald College)
resources and rising debt, declining student enrollment.

    California Health Facilities Finance Authority,   409,270   BBB   A
S&P   Downgrade of state GO rating.
    revenue bonds (Cal-Mortgage Insurance Program)


    California Statewide Communities Development   148,980   BBB   A
S&P   Downgrade of state GO rating.
    Authority, revenue bonds (Cal-Mortgage Insurance
    Program)

    Forney (City), Tex., tax and waterworks & sewer   3,200   Baa1
Baa2   Moody   Significant tax base expansion, solid financial operations,
    system surplus revenue certificates of obligation
moderate debt profile.

    Hermon (Town), Maine, general obligation   4,625   A3   Baa1
Moody   Favorable financial operations, average debt burden, modest
    bonds               tax base.

    Hoffman Estates (Village), Ill., tax increment   29,200   Baa1   A3
Moody   Slower development than anticipated, resulting in shortfalls of
    junior lien revenue bonds, Series 1991
incremental revenues.

    Honolulu (City & County), Hawaii, general   1,520,000   Aa2   Aa3
Moody   Economic rebound following post-9/11 lows in tourism, steady
    obligation bonds               growth in assessed
valuation, improving financial performance,
                   manageable debt profile.

    Hopatcong (Borough), N.J., general obligation   34,500   A3
Baa1   Moody   Stable financial operations, above-average debt position,
stable
    bonds               tax base.

    Manatee County, Fla., non-ad-valorem revenue   32,750   AA-minus A
S&P   Upgrade of county GO rating to 'AA," diverse revenue stream
    bonds               which provides stability,
manageable debt burden, limited capital
                   improvement plan.

    New Bern (City), N.C., general obligation bonds   2,185   A3
Baa1   Moody   Diverse economy, growing tax base, satisfactory financial
                   performance, minimal debt burden.

    O'Fallon (City), Mo., general obligation bonds   41,000   Aa3   A1
Moody   Rapid growth in taxable valuation, solid financial operations,
                   continued growth in economically
sensitive revenues, modestly
                   above-average debt level.

    O'Fallon (City), Mo., appropriation-secured debt   118,000   A1   A2
Moody   Rapid growth in taxable valuation, solid financial operations,
                   continued growth in economically
sensitive revenues, modestly
                   above-average debt level.

    Pentucket Regional School District, Mass.,   6,200   A3   Baa1
Moody   Medium-grade credit quality of member towns, narrow financial
    general obligation bonds               operations,
low debt burden.

    Pleasant Hill Joint Powers Financing Authority,   10,480   A-plus   A
S&P   Consistently very strong fund balances, district's general credit-
    Calif., lease revenue bonds, Series 1993 A
worthiness, lease structure that includes covenant to budget and
                   appropriate.

    Schaumburg (Township), Ill., general obligation   310   Aa2   Aa3
Moody   Strong financial operations, moderately growing tax base, above-
    bonds               average wealth levels,
modest amount of rapidly retired debt.

    Universal City, Tex., waterworks & sanitary sewer   4,455   A   A-
minus   S&P   City's attainment of secure long-term water supply.
    revenue bonds, Series 2002

    Vandenburgh County Redevelopment Authority,   1,900   A   A-minus   S&P
Expanding economy, growth in pledged revenues.
    Ind., economic development lease rental revenue
    bonds, Series 1995

    Western New Mexico University, revenue   5,500   Baa1   Baa2
Moody   Continued enrollment stability, consistent state funding, no new
    bonds, Series 1994 & 1997               borrowing
plans.

    Dollar amounts represent the amount of bonds outstanding in the issue.
Rating changes that result from the purchase of letters of credit or bond
insurance for issues in the secondary market are not included.

Copyright 2003 Thomson Media Inc. All Rights Reserved.
http://www.thomsonmedia.com http://www.bondbuyer.com

SECTION: Pg. 33

LENGTH: 1265 words

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 The Bond Buyer, Inc.


                              878 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   March 27, 1995, Monday, FIVE STAR Edition

SPORTS SHORTS

BYLINE: Compiled by Jerry Stack Of the Post-Dispatch Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 542 words

SPORTS SHORTS COLUMN


Andre Agassi and Pete Sampras served up another winner Sunday, then headed for
Broadway.

Agassi beat Sampras 3-6, 6-2, 7-6 (7-3) to win the Lipton Championships in Key
Biscayne, Fla., but offered his Davis Cup teammate a consolation prize.

"Pete is coming with me to New York tonight in my plane and we are going to see
if we can go catch 'Grease' together," Agassi said. "I can pull some strings on
that one. I've got a few connections."

Agassi's girlfriend, Brooke Shields, is starring in the Broadway musical.

Agassi is starring in a rivalry that might now rank as the best in sports
between two individuals. Agassi, who leads Sampras 2-1 this year, seized
momentum in their latest encounter with a stunning 19 consecutive points, then
clinched the match by playing an almost flawless tiebreaker.

Sampras, who was guaranteed of remaining No. 1 regardless of the outcome,
received $ 174,000. Agassi got $ 330,000.

Top-seeded Gilbert Schaller of Austria won his first professional tennis title,
beating Alberto Costa of Spain 6-4, 6-2 in the Casablanca Open in Morocco.

BASEBALL

AP Poll Shows Diminished Interest

A third of baseball fans say they'll watch and attend fewer games with
replacement players, and 28 percent expect their interest to remain diminished
even when the strike ends, according to an AP poll.

The Chicago White Sox suspended pitcher Rob Dibble indefinitely for what general
manager Ron Schueler called "conduct not becoming a White Sox" one day after
Dibble ripped replacement ball and its players.

Asked Friday about the replacements, Dibble said they were "going to be labeled
like child molesters are the rest of their lives. You're never going to get rid
of that label." He also referred to replacement ball as a "beer league."

The White Sox signed Dibble to a minor-league contract this year. He has not
appeared in replacement games.

BASKETBALL

Maryland's Smith Win Naismith Award

Joe Smith of Maryland and Rebecca Lobo of Connecticut are the winners of the
Naismith college basketball player of the year awards.

UCLA's Jim Harrick was chosen men's coach of the year and Geno Auriemma of
Connecticut was selected the top women's coach in the poll of sportscasters,
sportswriters and coaches by the Atlanta Tipoff Club.

Smith, a 6-foot-10 sophomore, averaged 20.8 points, 10.4 rebounds and 2.9
blocked shots a game for Maryland. Lobo, a 6-4 senior, averaged 17.3 points,
10.3 rebounds and 3.5 blocked shots.

Harrick led the Bruins to a 25-2 record and a trip to the Final Four this
weekend at Seattle. Auriemma's Huskies were 29-0 in the regular season and will
go to the Women's Final Four at Minneapolis.

Ron Mercer of Mouth of Wilson, Va., and Chamique Holdsclaw of Middle Village,
N.Y., were chosen high school players of the year.

MISCELLANEOUS

Stars & Stripes Withdraws From Race

Dennis Conner's Stars & Stripes withdrew from its race on the America's Cup
defender race course off San Diego because of apparent structural damage to the
hull that caused the boat to take on water.

The boat was trailing Young America near the halfway mark when the damage
occurred.

Young America completed the course and became the first syndicate to reach the
defender finals.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - If The Cup Fits . . . ANDRE AGASSI wears the Lipton Cup
after defeating Pete Sampras.

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              879 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                             Ottumwa Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 24, 2008 Thursday

Ramos seeking deal in shooting charges

BYLINE: Matt Milner, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


Apr. 24--OTTUMWA -- Edwin Ramos, the man accused of shooting two people at
Scooter's Sports Club last summer, is seeking a plea bargain.

Wapello County Attorney Allen Cook confirmed the talks Wednesday.

"I can confirm that he is seeking a plea deal," Cook said. "All indications are
that the case will not go to trial."

Ramos, 38, faces two counts of attempted murder in the shootings, as well as one
count of being a felon in possession of a firearm. Witnesses told police Ramos
entered the bar just after midnight last June before shooting Eliodoro Basilio
in the abdomen and Maurici Pineda three times in the legs.

Ramos turned himself in to police the next day.

Authorities said at the time the shooting appeared to be linked to an ongoing
dispute between the three men. Police said in a search warrant application that
Ramos had prior arrests for possession of marijuana, keeping prohibited animals
and driving under suspension.

It later emerged that Ramos' arrest history went well beyond Iowa. Investigators
found an extensive police record in Florida and Illinois. That led to the
subpoena of officials from those two states as part of preparations for Ramos'
trial.

Ramos' attorneys initially filed a notice that they intended to use a diminished
responsibility defense, pending the results of a mental evaluation. Diminished
responsibility covers several possible avenues, but relies on an admission of
the accusations and presentation of evidence that mitigates the charges.

That's a moot point if a plea deal is reached. The next step in the case is a
pre-trial conference on May 5. Cook said it is possible Ramos will enter a plea
at that time, but emphasized there is no set timeline for negotiations.

The charges carry penalties of up to 55 years in prison if Ramos is convicted on
all counts.

Matt Milner can be reached at (641) 683-5359 or via e-mail at mwmilner@mchsi.com

To see more of Ottumwa Courier or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.ottumwacourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2008, Ottumwa Courier, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080424-OT-Ramos-seeking-deal-in-shooting-charges-0424

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OT


                                 Copyright 2008


                              880 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                      Knight-Ridder Tribune Business News

                                  May 17, 2006

New-car sales languish.

BYLINE: Ciprian Domnisoru

LENGTH: 376 words


May 17--Sales of new automobiles are close to stagnating, as the growth rate has
diminished every month this year, from 20 percent in January to just 4.6 percent
in April, compared to the same periods last year, when sales increases ranged
from 100.5 percent in January to 75 percent in April.

The Association of Car Producers and Importers (APIA) showed car demand
increased overall by 4.6 percent from January -- April, compared to the same
period last year, reaching 70,500 units.

Automobile Dacia sales were down 12 percent in the abovementioned interval
compared to last year, while its market share decreased by 7.1 percentage
points, to 41.7 percent. The diminishing sales were prompted by Dacia's
termination of production of the Solenza model in March of last year and
clients' anticipation of the renewal of a government program by which customers
could exchange used cars for new ones at a much reduced price, believe
representatives of the carmaker.

Demand for Daewoo models was down 47.4 percent to 5,918 units, while market
share diminished by 2.5 points to 10.4 percent.

On the imported car sector, Renault kept its primary position, as in the first
months of last year 5,377 vehicles were sold, a 0.4 percent increase. Skoda
placed second, with 5,314 cars sold and an increase of almost 40 percent, while
Volkswagen remained in third, having sold 4,218 units and registered a 40
percent increase.

Opel is up one place from last year, in fourth, with a 131.8 percent increase,
up to 2,912 units, while Peugeot lost one place despite a sales increase of 3.9
percent, to 2,877 units. The top-selling imported model is the Renault Clio
(3,053 units, up 10.3 percent), followed by Skoda Octavia Tour which climbed
from the seventh position (2,061 units, up 111.2 percent) and Renault Megane
(1,687 units, down 24.2 percent).

To see more of the Bucharest Daily News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.daily-news.ro.

Copyright (c) 2006, Bucharest Daily News, Romania

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

TICKER SYMBOL(S): DWHI, RNO, VLKAF, VOWG, 7659, GM, PEUGY, UG

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 5151874

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Fulltext

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Regional Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KNIRITRB

                        Copyright 2006 Gale Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved
                             Business and Industry
         Copyright 2006 provided by Knight-Ridder/Tribune Business News


                              881 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 29, 1998 Tuesday

Walker deserves slight advantage for Canadian honour

BYLINE: Stephen Brunt

SECTION: SPORTS COLUMN; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 808 words


Now history has repeated itself, and it's time to right an earlier wrong.

In the remarkable baseball regular season that concluded last night with the
Cubs and Giants playing off for the National League's wild card, there is so
much worth remembering.

The home runs, of course, and isn't 70 a nice round number for the record books?
The Yankees confirming a place for themselves among the best ballclubs (as
measured by the 162-game regular season, at least) in history. Roger Clemens
backing up his improbable Cy Young Award last year with an even less probable
repeat -- at least if the voters get it right.

And locally, the near no-hitter by rookie Roy Halladay in the Blue Jays' 1998
finale. That memory as well as the memory of the Jays' late-season surge will
warm hearts through the long winter, even as the Expos' rapidly dimming
prospects in Montreal and the possibility of Felipe Alou in a Los Angeles
uniform suggest a lingering sadness. Not Brooklyn without the Dodgers, perhaps,
but still something significant seems about to be lost.

Which brings us to Larry Walker, mainstay of the best Montreal team ever, the
one denied its chance at a World Series by the strike of 1994.

Last year, with the Colorado Rockies, Walker put together one of the greatest
individual seasons by any measure in the long history of baseball. He combined a
series of spectacular offensive numbers with Gold Glove play in the outfield and
was rightfully acknowledged as the most valuable player in the National League.
Walker's batting average was .366, second in the league to Tony Gwynn, with more
than 200 hits, more than 400 total bases, with 46 doubles, 49 home runs and 130
runs batted in. Those numbers, together, could be matched only by a few of the
immortals.

And, oh yes, he happens to be a Canadian, a native of Maple Ridge, B.C., the
first of his nationality to be honoured as an MVP in major-league baseball.

But none of that was enough for him to win either the Lou Marsh Award or
Canadian Press Award as Canada's outstanding athlete of the year. Those honours
went to driver Jacques Villeneuve.

Canada's best athlete of 1997, piloting the fastest, most mechanically sound car
on the Formula One circuit, won a world driving championship, a feat recognized
and hailed around the world, especially in those parts of the world that are not
North America. (On a global basis, he was indisputably Canada's most famous
athlete of 1997, but there's no prize for that.)

In 1998, Canada's best athlete of 1997 no longer has the fastest, most
mechanically sound car on the Formula One circuit, hasn't won a race, has been
on the podium only once and will finish the season back in the pack.

Which means, presumably, that his athleticism has diminished quite a bit in the
past 12 months.

Meanwhile, Walker won the National League batting title, finishing the season
with a .363 average, nine points better than his closest competition, the Mets'
John Olerud. (The last and only other Canadian to earn a batting crown was Tip
O'Neill, who did it for St. Louis in 1887.) He won't win the MVP this year -- a
couple of guys named Sosa and McGwire have the inside track -- and his run
production was greatly diminished from 1997.

Still, given the circumstances, you can make the case that this year was the
greater accomplishment. Walker underwent surgery on his left elbow on Jan. 13
and during spring training was still experiencing considerable pain, which
hampered his swing. He was in and out of the Rockies' lineup during the first
three months of the season, missing a total of 30 games. Later, he missed eight
games because of a sprained ligament in his middle finger and then sat out
another stretch in September because of a bad back. All of that limited him to
454 at-bats.

Playing through those injuries and playing with a team that was never in the
hunt in the National League West, Walker still managed to hit above .360 for the
second consecutive year. This from a player who never once hit above .300 in the
minor leagues.

Of course, none of that makes him a shoo-in for Canadian honours. There's
competition this year, as there is competition every year. Catriona LeMay-Doan,
star of the Nagano Olympics, winner of a gold and a silver medal in speed
skating, demands real consideration. Gold medalists Pierre Lueders and Ross
Rebagliati will get a look as well (especially in the CP awards, which are split
between men and women).

It certainly wouldn't be a disgrace if any of them won. But like the Oscars,
these things should sometimes be for achievements over time, particularly in
light of a previous slight.

Walker, as a Canadian, cares about this one. He cared last year and was bitter
about losing out to Villeneuve.

"If I didn't get it this year, with the season I had, then I guess I'll never
get it," he said.

Let's hope he's proved wrong about that.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1998 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              882 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                             August 2, 2013 Friday

The Newspaper Guild On The Cleveland Plain Dealer Layoffs

BYLINE: Peter Sterne

LENGTH: 771 words


A print edition of the The Plain Dealer (Getty Images)

On Wednesday, nearly a third of the journalists at Cleveland's main daily
newspaper, The Plain Dealer, were laid off.

The Northeast Ohio Newspaper Guild Local 1, the sector of the Communications
Workers of America union which represents workers in The Plain Dealer's
newsroom, told The Observer that either 47 or 48 people lost their jobs, leaving
only 110 employees left in the newsroom. Although the union declined to release
their names, an unofficial "PD Hit List" has circulated online.

Rollie Dreussi, the executive secretary of the Guild, estimated that two-thirds
of the laid off employees had been with The Plain Dealer for more than 15 years
and were mostly middle-aged. About half of them, including Guild president
Harlan Spector, volunteered to be laid off-or "separated from employment," to
use Advance's preferred euphemism-to ensure that some of their colleagues would
keep their jobs.

Those who did not volunteer found out their fate Wednesday morning. An email
sent out the previous night had instructed reporters to wait for a phone call
between 8 and 10 am-a call that would either inform them they had been let go or
request that they come into the office for work.

The journalists who were let go-or "separated from employment," to use Advance's
preferred euphemism-will receive two weeks' pay and two weeks' health care for
every year they worked at the Plain Dealer, plus a bonus of another three week's
health care or $2000.

The layoffs are all part of Advance's "digital first" strategy, which involves
laying off veteran journalists and cutting newspaper delivery to three or four
days a week. The Plain Dealer will now only be delivered to subscribers on
Wednesdays, Fridays, Saturdays, and Sundays. Meanwhile, a new (non-union) media
company called Northeast Ohio Media Group has been created to run the website
Cleveland.com, which will be "powered" by The Plain Dealer's journalism.

Plain Dealer reporters will work alongside Northeast Ohio Media Group reporters
to produce content for the website, some of which will then make it into the
no-longer-daily print paper. Advance has already tried this strategy with other
regional papers, including New Orleans's Times-Picayune and The Oregonian.

Advance's plans for The Plain Dealer were (unsuccessfully) opposed by the "Save
the Plain Dealer" group, which was led by Plain Dealer journalists and supported
by the Guild. The group held a protest rally after the layoffs were announced
and then organized an "Irish wake" for laid off journalists at a local bar.

"The dismissals were unnecessary," the group wrote on Facebook. "They were
driven by greed, fear and a disastrous inability on the part of the newspaper's
senior management and billionaire owners to creatively respond to the challenges
facing journalism in the digital age.

"The layoffs will irreparably damage the community," it added.

The group cited two main concerns about what the layoffs will mean for the
future of news gathering in Cleveland.

One is about the accessibility of web access. Many Cleveland residents-more than
half of African-American and Hispanic adults in the region, according to one
survey-lack broadband Internet access and therefore will be unable to read the
paper every day. The other worry is that a diminished newsroom tasked with
increasing page views will be unable or unwilling to do serious investigative,
muckraking journalism.

The newsroom has certainly been diminished, from a high of around 350 staffers
in the '90s to 110 people today. The layoffs on Wednesday were only the most
recent in a series of buyouts and layoffs. In 2006, some 60 people took buyouts.
In 2008, another 23 people took buyouts and 27 were laid off.

If there is a silver lining, it's that the remaining 110 journalists have
relatively strong job security. The Guild negotiated a contract extension with
The Plain Dealer's parent company last year, winning a contract extension
through 2019 in exchange for accepting the layoffs. There is one more round of
layoffs scheduled in 2015, when the company will be allowed to "separate from
employment" another five staffers. But everyone else is safe for the next six
years, as long as The Plain Dealer continues to publish a print newspaper at
least once a week.

What about after 2019? "You know better than me," Mr. Dreussi said. "My
expectation is that The Plain Dealer is still a viable news operation, and we'll
do another contract. Obviously, the newspaper industry is going to be very
different."

Meanwhile, Northeast Ohio Media Group is hiring (non-union) reporters for
Cleveland.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              883 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                            August 4, 2010 Wednesday

George Edenfield found mentally incompetent;
BARRIOS CASE;
Doctors have 90 days to further evaluate his mental ability.;
NO DONE DEAL;
If his status changes, he could still face trial in boy's killing.

BYLINE: TERESA STEPZINSKI

SECTION: Pg. A-1

LENGTH: 1041 words


BRUNSWICK - Convicted child molester George Edenfield won't stand trial anytime
soon in the sexual abuse slaying of 6-year-old Christopher Michael Barrios Jr.
nearly four years ago.

Superior Court Judge Stephen Scarlett ruled Edenfield was mentally incompetent
Tuesday and ordered him committed to a state mental hospital for further
evaluation at the behest of prosecutors and defense lawyers.

The lawyers cited recent evaluations by state and defense psychologists, who
agreed that Edenfield has a diminished mental capacity and is unable to assist
in his own defense.

They also gave Scarlett copies of six reports beginning in 1980 from Glynn
County school system and social service agency psychologists who classified
Edenfield as mentally retarded. Edenfield graduated high school with a special
education diploma.

"Both the defense and the state agree the defendant, George Edenfield, is
incompetent to stand trial at this time," Scarlett said.

Scarlett ordered Edenfield transferred immediately to a Georgia Department of
Behavioral Health and Developmental Disabilities institution, where he will
undergo an extensive examination by psychologists and other mental health
experts. He will be examined at Georgia Regional Hospital in Savannah.

"They are to conduct an evaluation in 90 days of the defendant's mental
capabilities and issue a prognosis as to whether there is a substantial
probability that he will become competent to stand trial," Scarlett said.

Edenfield, a blank expression on his face, sat hunched forward with his hands
clasped in his lap in a chair between his lawyers, Gerald Word and Charles
Nester, as his future for the next few months was set. He said nothing.

Prosecutors previously conceded Edenfield has a diminished mental capacity but
insist he is competent. They agree with the defense that Edenfield needs an
in-depth evaluation.

That is the beginning, however, not the end of the issue, Acting District
Attorney David Perry told the Times-Union.

"I honestly believe he is competent now," Perry said. "The problem is, the first
doctor who examined him in jail says that he is not competent."

Edenfield's lawyers, however, maintain he is incompetent, incapable of
understanding the seriousness or consequences of his actions and has an IQ well
below normal.

"My personal belief is he's not likely to be restored to competency," Word said.

The evaluation is not legally binding on prosecutors or the defense. Because
it's an opinion, either side could reject it and state law allows a jury trial
to determine his competency.

If he's ever tried, Edenfield faces the death penalty if convicted of murdering
the kindergartner.

Word doubts his client understood Tuesday's hearing or its implications.

"He knows he's going to a hospital. We explained that to him, but I'm not sure
he really understands what that means," Word said. "I'm not sure this won't be a
lifetime [process] for him."

'YOU NEVER GET OVER IT'

Christopher's grandmother, Sue Rodriguez, left the courthouse disgusted after
the hearing.

"He ain't crazy ... He's smart as a darned whip. He's got them all fooled. He's
putting on a good show," Rodriguez said.

Rodriguez said three years and five months have passed since Christopher was
abducted, molested and killed.

"As time goes on, you learn to live with it but you never get over it," she
said.

Not a day goes by when their family does not remember his loving nature, his
gap-toothed grin, she said. Not one day goes by when they don't grieve for the
unfulfilled promise of the man Christopher might have become, she said as tears
welled up in her eyes.

"You think of Christopher as a baby trying to talk and laughing ... You miss him
coming home from school, bringing you his pictures that he made. That's
important to a grandmother," she said.

It took mere minutes to end her grandson's life, but more than three years
later, only one of the three family members charged with his slaying has been
tried, convicted and sentenced to die, Rodriguez said.

"It's too long. Too, too long ... Christopher might have been a doctor or a
lawyer and had a family of his own by the time they get done dragging this all
out," Rodriguez said.

Christopher's father, Mike Barrios, did not attend the hearing. He has buried
himself in his work and keeps his grief bottled up, his mother said.

"Mike goes by his grave and just sits there by himself. He doesn't talk about it
a lot. The mention of Christopher, you can tell it upsets him," Rodriguez said.

PARENTS BLAME THEIR SON

The night Christopher disappeared, George Edenfield told Glynn County police he
killed Christopher because the devil told him to do it, investigators testified
during his father David Edenfield's trial last year. He later recanted.

Edenfield's parents told police their son knows right from wrong although he is
mentally retarded and unable to care for himself. Both also blamed him for the
slaying.

Christopher disappeared while playing outside at Canal Mobile Home Park on March
8, 2007. Police recovered his body one week later stuffed inside black plastic
garbage bags and dumped in woods about two miles from the park.

Edenfield and his parents, David and Peggy, were neighbors of the kindergartner.
All three were charged with his killing.

In October, a jury found David Edenfield guilty of murdering and molesting
Christopher and imposed the death penalty.

In a recorded confession played for jurors, David Edenfield said he and his son
sodomized then choked the boy to death. George Edenfield had brought Christopher
into their home under the pretext of playing video games, Peggy Edenfield
testified during her husband's trial.

After their arrests, George Edenfield and his mother talked about what they had
told police and what each would say in the future, police clandestinely made
video recordings show. He also explained bail procedures to his mother, who,
unlike him had never been arrested before, the videos showed. Her son, however,
is a convicted child molester.

David Edenfield, 61, is appealing his conviction and death sentence.

No trial date has been set for Peggy Edenfield, 58. She will not face the death
penalty because she testified against her husband, and agreed to testify against
her son.

teresa.stepzinski@jacksonville.com, (912) 264-0405

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Mug: Christopher TERRY DICKSON/The Times-Union George Edenfield (right) and his
lawyer Charles Nester listen as evidence of his mental incompetency is entered
into the record during a hearing Tuesday before Glynn County Superior Court
Judge Stephen Scarlett. TERRY DICKSON/The Times-Union Sue Rodriguez says she
strongly disagrees with experts who say that George Edenfield is incompetent to
be tried for the murder of her 6-year-old grandson, Christopher Barrios Jr.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2010 The Florida Times-Union


                              884 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            August 4, 2011 Thursday

No. 1 rusher is back in fold // Green-Ellis can practice today

BYLINE: Jennifer Toland

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 684 words

DATELINE: FOXBORO


COLUMN: Patriots Notes

FOXBORO - Last year at this time, there were few around here who would have
predicted that by season's end, BenJarvus Green-Ellis would be the Patriots'
lead running back and a 1,000-yard rusher.

But when Fred Taylor and Kevin Faulk went down with injuries, Sammy Morris' role
on offense diminished and Laurence Maroney was traded, Green-Ellis seized the
opportunity. He and Danny Woodhead, both undrafted players, formed one fun
backfield.

The Patriots made a number of roster moves yesterday, most notably signing
Green-Ellis, who was a restricted free agent.

"I'm just happy to be back," Green-Ellis said.

Additionally, the Patriots signed unrestricted free agent center Chris Morris,
veteran free agent offensive lineman Jonathan Compas and rookie free agent
running back Richard Medlin.

The Pats released running back Thomas Clayton and rookie free agent offensive
lineman Mike Berry.

Green-Ellis, who will be entering his fourth season in New England, started 11
of 16 games last season and rushed for a career-high 1,008 yards. He scored 13
touchdowns, tied for the third highest rushing TD total by a Patriots player.

Green-Ellis is eligible to practice today.

"I'm just going to come in every day and work hard," Green-Ellis said, "and try
to learn as much as I can from the coaches and just do my job."

The Patriots re-signed Faulk and Morris and drafted running backs Shane Vereen
and Stevan Ridley.

"We're all in this together," Woodhead said. "We're working together trying to
help our team out. We're trying to get better, and that's something we're going
to continue to do every single day."

About newcomers

As for the Patriots' latest signees, Chris Morris is a veteran of five NFL
seasons with Oakland and Carolina. He has played guard and center and also long
snapper.

Compas played in two games for the Bucs in 2009. Tampa Bay released Compas last
September, and he spent the rest of 2010 out of football.

Medlin rushed for 772 yards and five touchdowns last season at Fayetteville
State.

Favorite of coach

Faulk, whom the Patriots re-signed on Saturday, will also be eligible to start
practicing today.

The 35-year-old Faulk missed almost all of the 2010 season after tearing his
right ACL in the second game of the year. Soon after, he underwent
reconstructive surgery.

Faulk will enter his 13th season with the Patriots, and he is without question a
favorite of coach Bill Belichick.

"He's the ultimate team player," Belichick said. "He takes great pride in
professionalism in his job. He's a great example for all of us in terms of being
professional, being team-oriented, and putting himself second to the team goals
and setting a great example and doing everything he can to help the team win. I
don't know how you could get a better example than that.

"He's along the lines of Troy Brown and Tedy Bruschi and Rodney Harrison and
many others we've had like that. He's really at the top of that list."

May depend on CBA vote

The Patriots are tentatively scheduled to hold a public practice today from
4:30-7:30 p.m.

If the new collective bargaining agreement is ratified by the NFLPA by early
this morning, there is a possibility practice would be moved to 1:30-4.

Fans should check patriots.com or call the training camp hotline at (508)
549-0001 for updates to the schedule.

Tomorrow's practice is slated for 1:30-4.

Extra Points

Where do the years go? Quarterback Tom Brady celebrated his 34th birthday
yesterday. Fans on hand for last night's practice inside Gillette Stadium
serenaded Brady with a verse of "Happy Birthday," and he acknowledged them with
an appreciative wave. After practice, he signed autographs. ... There were about
16,000 fans in attendance. ... Sirius XM Radio will broadcast from all 32 NFL
training camps this month. The Sirius XM NFL Radio crew will be here from 11
a.m.-3 p.m. Tuesday. ... Defensive lineman Ty Warren, cut last week by the
Patriots, signed a two-year contract with the Broncos.

NAME: NEW ENGLAND PATRIOTS

ART: PHOTO

PHOTOG: THE ASSOCIATED PRESS

CUTLINE: New England's Tom Brady signs autographs for fans after yesterday's
training camp practice.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: FOXBORO - Last year at this time, there were few around here who would
have predicted that by season's end, BenJarvus Green-Ellis would be the
Patriots' lead running back and a 1,000-yard rusher. But when Fred Taylor and
Kevin Faulk went down with injuries, Sammy Morris' role on offense diminished
and Laurence Maroney was traded, Green-Ellis seized the opportunity. He and
Danny Woodhead, both undrafted players, formed one fun backfield.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              885 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 7, 1984, Sunday, Late City Final Edition

A Dad Diminished

SECTION: Section 6; Page 126, Column 5; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 80 words


In his article ''A Dad Diminished'' (About Men, Aug. 26), Brock Brower misses an
important point. His wife and children are free to pursue autonomy precisely
because they do not hang on to a lost autocracy.

When Mr. Brower stops trying to resurrect his old role - one that demands a
retinue of underlings - he, too, will be free to practice self-determination and
to enjoy healthy, interdependent relationships within his family.

MARILYN SCHWARTZFARB, West Nyack, N.Y.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: letter

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              886 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           February 20, 2016 Saturday

Robbins competent to stand trial

BYLINE: alicia yager alicia.yager@thmedia.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 401 words


A man accused of attempting to abduct an 11-year-old girl as she walked home
from a Dubuque school has been deemed competent to stand trial.

After a hearing Friday, Iowa District Court Judge Monica Ackley lifted a stay in
court proceedings for Robert L. Robbins, 20, who is charged with third-degree
kidnapping.

"Based on the fact that you have been returned to the status of competency, we
will restart the proceedings," Ackley told Robbins.

According to court documents, Robbins attempted to abduct a girl as she walked
home from school on Green Street on March 25. The girl told police Robbins led
her to a shed, but she was able to get away.

Robbins told investigators he intended to sexually assault the girl, according
to court documents.

The case against Robbins was suspended in May after he was deemed mentally
incompetent to face trial. Robbins was taken to Iowa Medical and Classification
Center in Coralville, Iowa, for psychiatric treatment.

Ackley set Friday's court appearance after hearing conflicting reports of
Robbins' competency during a hearing earlier this month. One psychiatrist
reported Robbins would be able to stand trial, while a report from another
maintained that Robbins was not competent.

After the hearing earlier this month, Robbins' attorney, Steven Hodge, obtained
an additional independent evaluation of his client. That report also deemed
Robbins competent to stand trial.

Ackley said based on the competency determination from the two most recent
reports, she will lift the stay.

"Competent to stand trial ... means that he understands the nature of the legal
proceedings and he is able to assist in his defense," Ackley said after the
hearing.

During the hearing, Hodge said he would file a waiver of Robbins' right to a
speedy trial. Ackley set a trial date for June 28.

Hodge also said he also intends to file notice of a diminished capacity defense
for Robbins. Ackley set a Feb. 26 deadline for that filing.

Ackley informed Robbins that as a result of that special defense filing, he
would be returned to the Iowa Medical and Classification Center for another
evaluation. Robbins said he understood.

After the hearing, Ackley said a diminished capacity defense looks at the
"intellectual skill" of a defendant. Defense attorneys must supply notice to
allow prosecutors to schedule their own evaluations to determine whether
diminished capacity defenses are founded, she said.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              887 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Tragedy may cost prospect Lineman's draft stock in question after former
girlfriend's murder NFL DRAFT CONFIDENTIAL

BYLINE: Bart Hubbuch

SECTION: Sports Extra; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 553 words


CHICAGO - The timing couldn't be worse for La'el Collins.

Just two days before he was expected to be a first-round pick in the NFL Draft,
the LSU offensive tackle was rocked by news that police in Baton Rouge, La.,
want to talk to him about the murder of a former girlfriend.

According to multiple outlets, police said Collins isn't considered a suspect in
the shooting death last Friday of Brittany Mills, 29, who was pregnant and
delivered a boy that lived.

Police told the NFL Network they want to establish if Collins - who the network
said hadn't had contact with Mills since September - is the father of the child,
while ESPN reported investigators want to see if Collins "can provide them with
information."

Collins, who also can play guard, is considered the fourth-best tackle available
this year, and many mock drafts had him going to the Lions with the No. 23 pick
Thursday night.

Though Collins so far is not deemed a suspect, merely having his name linked to
a murder investigation - especially just two days before the start of the draft
- seems sure to hurt the 6-foot-5, 305-pound lineman's stock in this post-Aaron
Hernandez era.

Collins is in Chicago to attend the draft this week. But thanks to this
late-breaking development, he might be in for a long and lonely night - or
nights, plural - in the green room.

The NFL's drug policy saved Eagles coach Chip Kelly from himself Tuesday when it
was announced Dolphins pass rusher Dion Jordan would miss the entire 2015 season
for violating the league's drug policy.

A league source confirmed Kelly and the Eagles had a trade worked out with Miami
for Jordan - another of Kelly's former Oregon players - that was nixed by the
suspension.

Could Kelly's pursuit of Jordan be another sign the Philadelphia coach is going
to trade up for Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota on Thursday?

The price he would have to pay to move up from No. 20 all the way to No. 2 would
seem prohibitive, but Kelly appears obsessed with adding former Ducks. The
Eagles have eight ex-Oregon players on the roster after carrying nine at one
point last year.

Another suspicious sign: Kelly and the Eagles have yet to talk with recently
acquired quarterback Sam Bradford about a contract extension, leading many to
think Braford's time in Philly will be brief and the oft-injured passer could be
Mariota trade bait instead.

It looks like you can forget the Vikings trading Adrian Peterson to the Cowboys
before the draft - or trading him, period.

Cowboys owner Jerry Jones was responsible for ending the Dallas angle of the
Peterson speculation Tuesday when he told reporters at a predraft press
conference it is "highly unlikely you would trade for a player this time of
year."

"Players' values are diminished [the week of the draft]," Jones said. "It's
unbelievable. Draft picks are enhanced. Everybody wants draft picks over the
next three days and the day of the draft, so players have a diminished
consideration in a trade - draft picks or not. That's highly unlikely for us, in
my view."

The Vikings did their best to put the talk to rest, releasing a statement from
GM Rick Spielman.

"We can just end the Adrian Peterson stuff," Spielman said. "Our position has
not changed. We have no interest in trading Adrian Peterson."

bhubbuch@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LA'EL COLLINS. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              888 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Tragedy may cost prospect Lineman's draft stock in question after former
girlfriend's murder NFL DRAFT CONFIDENTIAL

BYLINE: Bart Hubbuch

SECTION: Late City Final; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 553 words


CHICAGO - The timing couldn't be worse for La'el Collins.

Just two days before he was expected to be a first-round pick in the NFL Draft,
the LSU offensive tackle was rocked by news that police in Baton Rouge, La.,
want to talk to him about the murder of a former girlfriend.

According to multiple outlets, police said Collins isn't considered a suspect in
the shooting death last Friday of Brittany Mills, 29, who was pregnant and
delivered a boy that lived.

Police told the NFL Network they want to establish if Collins - who the network
said hadn't had contact with Mills since September - is the father of the child,
while ESPN reported investigators want to see if Collins "can provide them with
information."

Collins, who also can play guard, is considered the fourth-best tackle available
this year, and many mock drafts had him going to the Lions with the No. 23 pick
Thursday night.

Though Collins so far is not deemed a suspect, merely having his name linked to
a murder investigation - especially just two days before the start of the draft
- seems sure to hurt the 6-foot-5, 305-pound lineman's stock in this post-Aaron
Hernandez era.

Collins is in Chicago to attend the draft this week. But thanks to this
late-breaking development, he might be in for a long and lonely night - or
nights, plural - in the green room.

The NFL's drug policy saved Eagles coach Chip Kelly from himself Tuesday when it
was announced Dolphins pass rusher Dion Jordan would miss the entire 2015 season
for violating the league's drug policy.

A league source confirmed Kelly and the Eagles had a trade worked out with Miami
for Jordan - another of Kelly's former Oregon players - that was nixed by the
suspension.

Could Kelly's pursuit of Jordan be another sign the Philadelphia coach is going
to trade up for Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota on Thursday?

The price he would have to pay to move up from No. 20 all the way to No. 2 would
seem prohibitive, but Kelly appears obsessed with adding former Ducks. The
Eagles have eight ex-Oregon players on the roster after carrying nine at one
point last year.

Another suspicious sign: Kelly and the Eagles have yet to talk with recently
acquired quarterback Sam Bradford about a contract extension, leading many to
think Braford's time in Philly will be brief and the oft-injured passer could be
Mariota trade bait instead.

It looks like you can forget the Vikings trading Adrian Peterson to the Cowboys
before the draft - or trading him, period.

Cowboys owner Jerry Jones was responsible for ending the Dallas angle of the
Peterson speculation Tuesday when he told reporters at a predraft press
conference it is "highly unlikely you would trade for a player this time of
year."

"Players' values are diminished [the week of the draft]," Jones said. "It's
unbelievable. Draft picks are enhanced. Everybody wants draft picks over the
next three days and the day of the draft, so players have a diminished
consideration in a trade - draft picks or not. That's highly unlikely for us, in
my view."

The Vikings did their best to put the talk to rest, releasing a statement from
GM Rick Spielman.

"We can just end the Adrian Peterson stuff," Spielman said. "Our position has
not changed. We have no interest in trading Adrian Peterson."

bhubbuch@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: : BAD TIMING: Though reportedly not a suspect, draft prospect La'el
Collins is wanted for questioning by Louisiana police investigating a murder .
(AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              889 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 22, 2014 Tuesday

Minnesota: For Earth Week, subscribe to air quality notifications by text
message or email

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Minnesota Pollution Control Agency, The State of Minnesota has issued the
following press release:

When high levels of ozone and other pollutants build up in the air, some
Minnesotans have difficulty breathing. For some people, poor air quality means
they must stay inside or change their activities for the day. The Minnesota
Pollution Control Agency (MPCA) offers text message or email alerts for
residents who want to be notified about air quality in their area.

Overall, Minnesota has good air quality compared with other states. But from
time to time, weather conditions, large fires and other factors can cause the
air quality to become unhealthy for sensitive groups, such as children, older
adults, people with heart or lung problems or people who are working or
exercising vigorously.

On days when air quality becomes less healthy, the MPCA issues air quality
alerts so that residents can take action to protect their health and minimize
activities that could contribute to the diminished air quality conditions.

St. Paul resident Melissa Wenzel subscribes to air quality notices so that she
can understand her options when biking and recreating outside. Wenzel bikes to
work, and sometimes experiences exercise-induced asthma.

"On days when there is an air quality alert, I have noticed that I can't breathe
as well," says Wenzel. "If I know the air quality is diminished, I will usually
walk instead of biking, or take other precautions. I appreciate having the
notices come right to me so I can plan accordingly. It's nice to have options."

To sign up for email or text message alerts about air quality, visit the
EnviroFlash Air Quality Notification page. During the subscription process,
subscribers can specify the type of alerts they wish to receive, including the
air quality level at which they want to be notified.

For further information please visit: http://www.pca.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              890 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Wall Street Journal Abstracts

                          September 11, 2013 Wednesday

A BEACON DIMINISHED

BYLINE: JAMES PANERO

SECTION: D; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 36 words

ABSTRACT

James Panero Architecture & Design column on diminished look of One World Trade
Center after developers decided to eliminate radome and leave exposed the
antenna that was meant to be hidden inside; drawings (M)

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Diagrams and Drawings

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company: Abstracts
                              All Rights Reserved


                              891 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                             June 16, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Raonic enters Wimbledon on a reality check

BYLINE: The Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: WIMBLEDON, ENGLAND


The weight of expectation on Milos Raonic has diminished after his sensational
start to the 2011 tennis season, and that may be good news for the hard-serving
20-year-old.

A fourth-round showing at the Australian Open in January, followed by an ATP
title in San Jose, Calif., and a thrilling loss to Andy Roddick in the Memphis
final propelled Raonic to instant fame in Canada. His world ranking jumped from
No. 152 to 37 over a four-week period, and within another 2 1/2 months, he was
sitting at No. 25.

But a modest 7-6 record at European clay-court events in April and May has seen
the media frenzy calm to a point where his quarter-final performance last week
at the pre-Wimbledon grass-court event in Germany went largely unnoticed.

Playing in his first professional grass-court event in Halle, Germany, Raonic
won two rounds convincingly before falling 6-3, 6-7(6), 6-3 to Philipp
Petzschner.

The crafty German led eventual champion Rafael Nadal two sets to one at
Wimbledon last summer before losing 6-4, 4-6, 6-7 (5), 6-2, 6-3. Petzschner then
combined with Jurgen Melzer of Austria to win the doubles at Wimbledon.

"I'm very happy I'm playing so well on something, grass, that's a completely new
experience for me, especially at this level," Raonic said last week. "It gives
me a lot of confidence."

Doubles also figured in Raonic's preparation for next week's Wimbledon as he and
Robin Haase of the Netherlands reached the Halle final, giving the Canadian four
more matches of precious grass-court experience.

Following his first-round loss to unheralded German veteran Michael Berrer at
the French Open, Raonic appeared jaded and spoke about being a rookie and still
having a lot to learn about working out a tournament schedule that would keep
him fresh and fit.

With his early exit at Roland Garros, and just the Halle tournament on grass,
Raonic enters Wimbledon well rested.

He is currently practising at Wimbledon, including with Roger Federer on
Tuesday, as he fine tunes his game.

"I am looking forward to Wimbledon and the body is good and feeling fit," Raonic
tweeted earlier this week.

His huge-serving and attacking instincts are tailor-made for grass.

"I grew up watching (Pete) Sampras play on the grass at Wimbledon," Raonic said.
"With how much I admired him, this is really something special. I always hoped I
would play well on this surface."

LOAD-DATE: June 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The weight of expectation on Milos Raonic has diminished after his
sensational start to the 2011 tennis season. The Associated Press

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              892 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              March 9, 2015 Monday

Sugar, flour packages exasperate consumer

LENGTH: 366 words


Dear Heloise: The packaging of flour and sugar products selected by
manufacturers and distributors is inappropriate. There is not one kitchen
without flour or sugar on the counters or floors after opening a new package and
attempting to put it into another container.

Why don't manufacturers use zippered-style locking bags to deliver the product
to the customer? It could be vacuum-sealed, if necessary, and provide the
consumer with the ability to transfer the flour or sugar without spillage.

- Ed H., Fair Oaks Ranch, Texas

Ed, it must be synchronicity! I just had to deal with transferring sugar to the
big jar I use to store it. I averted a mess by doing the transfer over the
kitchen garbage can.

The manufacturers are the ones responsible for the packaging. I don't think
distributors have any say in this matter. It all comes down to money!

The paper bags look just like the ones from way back. It probably would cost a
bit to change the packaging because they would have to change (update) and
retool the machinery. The cost would be passed along to the consumer. It may be
only a penny or so to us but probably runs in the hundreds of thousands of
dollars for the company. So, get out the scissors, pour over the sink or trash
can and be done with it!

­- Heloise

Dear Readers: Uses for embroidery hoops:

* Use as a frame for needlework and hang on a wall.

* Play "ring toss" with several of them.

* Make a small pincushion.

* Put over a hanger, and use for scarves.

* Put fabric in one and use to store stud earrings.

- Heloise

Dear Heloise: I read your column every day in the San Antonio Express-News. This
is a safety hint. Here in San Antonio in the winter, by 5:30 p.m., the sun is
down and, especially if it is overcast, the visibility is greatly diminished.

Some drivers say: "Oh, I can see. I don't need my headlights." It is almost as
important to be seen as it is to see. A dark car on a dark street with
diminished visibility can be practically invisible, and becomes a hazard to
other cars.

- Roy O. in San Antonio

Roy, it doesn't matter where you live - when driving and it gets difficult to
see (for any reason), turn on your headlights! Drive safely!

- Heloise

© King Features Syndicate Inc.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              893 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 19, 2010 Friday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Among Iraqis, war's psychological scars run deep;
Even as fighting declines, healing may be years away

BYLINE: Aamer Madhani

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1366 words


BAGHDAD -- It was nearly two years ago when Iraqi soldiers raided the home of
Senaa Tahir Abid, but she thinks about it every day.

The soldiers said they had received tips that Senaa's husband and her sister's
husband were insurgents against the government in Iraq. Senaa and her four
children were hustled outside.

When they were let back in, they found her husband on the kitchen floor, his
bloody body full of bullet holes. Senaa's brother-in-law was dead in the living
room.

"I was sitting on the couch the other day, and all I could do was cry and wish
that I was dead," says Abid, recalling her distress as her four young children
played nearby.

"I know my psychological situation is fragile," she says. "I am always thinking
about committing suicide, but there is a voice inside my head that tells me my
responsibilities are too big to leave this world."

Iraq is just beginning to address the unseen battle wounds of paranoia,
depression and anxiety rising out of the war that began with the U.S.-led
invasion in 2003 that toppled Saddam Hussein, says Abdul Rahim al-Fredawi, a
psychologist and professor at the University of Baghdad. But the scars may run
deeper and longer in Baghdad and other areas that saw some of the worst fighting
over the course of the war, he says.

As Iraq enters the eighth year of war this week, the violence has vastly
diminished from the worst days of the bloody conflict that pitted Shiites
against Sunnis, and took the lives of more than 4,300 U.S. troops and tens of
thousands of Iraqi civilians. But the memories of those days still linger, and
the fear that violence can start up again anytime weighs heavy on all Iraqis,
al-Fredawi says.

Countless people had loved ones dragged from their homes in the night, tortured
and killed by militants on both sides who were exacting revenge and vying for
power in the chaos that followed Saddam's ouster in 2003. Tens of thousands of
people survived horrifying suicide bombings that scattered limbs in the streets.
Any marketplace is a potential slaughterhouse for a suicide bomber.

"Psychological problems that stem from this war and occupation could have an
effect that stays with Iraq for many, many years to come," says Kamal al-Kilani,
a Baghdad psychologist.

Violence across Iraq diminished significantly after the surge of troops ordered
by President George W. Bush in 2007. Civilian casualties are near the lowest
levels of the war. Even so, recent suicide bombings in the heart of Baghdad have
terrorized Iraqis.

Massive bomb attacks in August, October and December in Baghdad killed hundreds
of people. In January, terrorists tried to blow up three Baghdad hotels, killing
37 people; and 38 people were killed on the day of the March 7 elections.

The ever-present threat of death has left Iraqis in a fragile collective state
of mind, al-Fredawi says. Each major terror attack reminds Iraqis how vulnerable
they are, he says.

Scant research has been done on the mental toll the war has taken inside Iraq.
In 2008, the United Nations surveyed some of the more than 1 million Iraqis who
fled to Syria and found that 89% suffered from depression and 82% had anxiety
disorders.

The U.S. military has not conducted any significant projects to examine mental
health in Iraq, says Army 1st Lt. Elizabeth Feste, U.S. military spokeswoman.
The U.S. Embassy had no record of any projects to help Iraqis deal with war
trauma.

Anna Prouse, an Italian diplomat who heads the Italy-U.S. Provincial
Reconstruction Team in the southern Dhi Qar province, says mental health hasn't
received much attention because Iraqi officials haven't wanted money to be spent
there.

Al-Fredawi agrees that the government has focused little attention on dealing
with Iraq's mental health care issues, as the country has directed the bulk of
its resources toward dealing with security threats posed by militants and
loyalists of the former regime that are trying to mount a comeback.

"We face the danger of our next generation becoming one that will always live in
fear or one that becomes hardened by all the violence it has experienced,"
al-Fredawi says. "There's a black cloud over Iraq that could have long-term
consequences for our nation."

'I will see her again'

What Mustafa Hisham, 14, remembers most clearly about the worst day of his young
life was the animal-like scream that came out of him when Shiite militiamen took
away his mother and father.

The black-clad gunmen stormed into his home in the middle of the day on May 5,
2007. Mustafa  pleaded that they not harm his parents, who the gunmen said were
being arrested because they were Sunnis living in a Shiite neighborhood.

"For a long time, I screamed and cried," recalls Mustafa, who lives in an
orphanage for boys. "I remember the moment like it just happened. I don't think
I'll ever forget it."

Several days later, his father's body turned up in the morgue. He appeared to
have been tortured with an electric drill before he was executed. His mother was
never found.

"I see her in my dreams," he says. "I talk to her, and I tell her that I miss
her. She tells me to be a good boy.

"I know I will see her again."

Selma Muhsen, the director of the Al Zahour girls orphanage in Baghdad, says
about half of the 28 girls she works with have lost parents to violence.

Sisters Noor, 8, and Tabarek Abbas Saad, 7, are among the most rambunctious in
Muhsen's charge. The girls' father, a poor laborer, was executed in Baghdad's
Sadr City, a sprawling Shiite slum that has been the site of the fiercest
killing of the war. The girls' mother, a poor and illiterate woman, watched over
them until a man asked to marry her but insisted she give up the children,
Muhsen says. The mother agreed.

On a recent afternoon, the sisters appeared cheerful and spoke about how their
father used to play with them. When Muhsen asked them what happened to their
father, Noor stopped speaking and stared at her feet. When Muhsen brought up
their mother, Noor asked to be excused.

"At their school, I was told they were well-behaved before the incident, but now
the teachers are always calling to complain that they are disruptive or
misbehaving," Muhsen says. "The children like Noor and Tabarek, who lost a
parent, are different."

Iraq has been in and out of war since 1980, the start of the Iran-Iraq war. At
least 100,000 Iraqis were killed in that conflict, and thousands died in the
Gulf War in 1991.

But those conflicts didn't seem to have the same effect on Iraqis as the current
war, al-Kilani says. Most Iraqis were far from the front lines in those
conflicts. Today, al-Kilani says, he has observed that children's play has
become macabre, and both the young and old are becoming desensitized to
violence.

"I found my own young son, who I've tried to shelter from talk of violence and
images of the war, playing a game in which he was using his pencil box as a
coffin. He said his (imaginary) friend was killed in an explosion," al-Kilani
says.

It may be difficult to help Iraqis, many of whom fear they'll be ostracized if
they admit to having a psychological problem, al-Kilani says. Anti-depressants
and sleep aids are available without a prescription at Iraqi pharmacies, so
there is an increasing risk of substance abuse, he says.

"If we have people suffering from mental illness self-medicating, it will only
make the situation more difficult to deal with in the future," al-Kilani says.

'I want to find peace'

Abid, the mother whose husband was killed in her kitchen, says no drug or
therapy can heal the mental wounds she and her children have suffered.

The killers forced them to wait outside in the cold February air and then
gathered them in the kitchen for several hours -- a few feet from where her
husband lay -- while the soldiers searched the house.

Abid's youngest daughter, Sara, was shivering. Abid took a towel that the
soldiers had thrown on the ground and wrapped it around the 4-year-old girl.
Abid didn't notice that it was drenched in her husband's blood.

"My little girl started to scream about (her) daddy's blood, but it took me a
moment to realize what I had done," Abid says. "I want to find peace. But tell
me how am I supposed to recover from a memory like that?"

Contributing: Ali Fadaam

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: March 30, 2010



CORRECTION: A March 19 story on Iraqis suffering from mental health problems
should have made clear that the U.S. Substance Abuse and Mental Health Services
Administration has been helping Iraq rebuild its mental health services with an
emphasis on treating people afflicted with war-related trauma.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, Color, Ahmad Al-Rubaye, AFP/Getty Images
PHOTO, B/W, Sinan Adhem, USA TODAY

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              894 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           September 7, 1982 Tuesday

Crime fears transform California law

BYLINE: IAN BRODIE; SPCL

LENGTH: 946 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles CA


By  IAN BRODIE
                        Special to The Globe and Mail
     LOS ANGELES  - Judges and lawyers in California begin tackling the
 most sweeping revisions of criminal justice ever attempted in the United
 States this week in response to a voters' referendum that expressed
 widespread anger and fear over a rising tide of violent crime.

They will be implementing Proposition 8, the so-called crime victims'
 bill of rights, which severely limits the rights of defendants.

The measure, which won 56 per cent of the vote in last June's election,
 was narrowly upheld by the California Supreme Court late last week, to the
 surprise of friend and foe alike.

The court ruled that the proposition had not misled voters and that
 although it covered many points, they all came under the umbrella of a
 single subject, criminal justice.

But the court left open the door for challenges to specific articles,
 arousing fears among some lawyers that if every item is to be tested,
 confusion could go on for years.

Among its key provisions, the proposition will:
   .  Entitle crime victims to restitution from defendants;
   .  Allow victims to make potentially emotion-charged statements at
 sentencing and parole hearings;
   .  Abolish curbs on illegally obtained evidence;
   .  Limit plea bargaining, the procedure under which 80 per cent of cases
 are disposed of at present;
   .  Allow longer terms for repeat offenders;
   .  Make bail more difficult to obtain;
   .  Restrict defences of insanity or diminished capacity;
   .  Somewhat vaguely, establish the right to attend "safe" state schools.

The proposals are opposed by the American Civil Liberties Union and
 many lawyers who say they override freedoms guaranteed by the U.S.
 Constitution.

Critics say Proposition 8 will permit unlawful searches and
 surveillance. Reductions of existing bail rights, among the world's most
 liberal, are seen as encroachments on the presumption of innocence.

There are worries because a witness's convictions will now be
 admissible as a basis for challenging his evidence. Similarly, there are
 objections because, upon conviction, a defendant's entire record will be
 admitted before sentencing. At present, convictions dating back more than
 10 years may not be used in many cases.

There are also fears that with the abolition of the defence of
 diminished capacity, a defendant will not be able to introduce evidence of
 drunkenness, trauma, or mental illness. And the idea of forcing criminals
 to make financial restitution to their victims has been attacked as
 interference with a defendant's rights in possible civil suits.

Proposition 8 was put on the ballot by a coalition of conservative
 Republicans who said the courts, and particularly the California Supreme
 Court, had become too soft on criminals.

The coalition was led by Paul Gann, a quiet 70-year-old who was a co-
 author of the historic Proposition 13 that cut property taxes four years
 ago.

Proposition 13 touched off a prairie fire of tax cuts that spread to
 other states and helped sweep President Ronald Reagan into office.
 California lived up to its reputation as the Western world's laboratory
 for social change.

Proposition 8 is not expected to catch on as quickly.

For one thing, Proposition 13 had the  immediate, clear-cut attraction
 of giving homeowners more money in their hands. The effects of Proposition
 8 will be slower to make themselves felt since its applications will only
 emerge case by case. Its impact could also be blunted by court arguments
 over legal  technicalities.

But the California Attorney-General's office reports many calls from
 would-be law reformers in other states who are watching Proposition 8 with
 interest.

California, the most populous state in the United States, had an 18 per
 cent increase in population between 1970 and 1980, from 20 million to 23.6
 million. Yet in the same period total crime went up by 45 per cent.

More serious crimes went up even more alarmingly: murder by 151 per
 cent, rape by 95 per cent, serious assaults by 130 per cent and robbery by
 118 per cent.

Mr. Gann says that while he was touring California two years ago in an
 unsuccessful run for the U.S. Senate, every conversation with voters ended
 up about crime and rage over the insensitivity of judges to public
 concern.

In fact, 1980 may have been the peak year for crime. Figures from
 California's biggest cities show a 0.5 per cent drop last year and a
 further 1.4 per cent decline so far this year.

The figures are still astounding: 999 murders in the cities in the
 first six months of this year. Last year one notorious black and Mexican
 area of Los Angeles had a murder rate four times higher than that of
 Northern Ireland.

One crime victim who became an early and ardent campaigner for
 Proposition 8 was Alexander Bookston, a jeweller in the San Fernando
 Valley whose shop was robbed seven times.

The seventh time the burglar held a .357 magnum under Mr. Bookston's
 chin and made off with jewels worth $35,000. When the suspect was caught,
 a judge let him out on bail of $5,000.
    "When I stood up and said 'What the hell's the matter with you?' I was
 told to shut up or I'd be arrested," Mr. Bookston said. "I said, 'You're
 going to arrest me and let him go? ' "
    The suspect remains a fugitive to this day.

For the past 30 years the California Supreme Court has been hailed by
 lawyers for forging humane and liberal concepts in criminal law.
 Proposition 8 shows, however, that the public believes the court has gone
 too far.

A particular annoyance is that the court's seven justices keep trying
 to overturn the death penalty, which was overwhelmingly endorsed by voters
 in a 1977 referendum. So far there have been no executions.

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1982 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              895 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday

Tragedy may cost prospect LSU lineman may slip in draft after former
girlfriend's murder NFL DRAFT CONFIDENTIAL

BYLINE: Bart Hubbuch

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 46

LENGTH: 556 words


CHICAGO - The timing couldn't be worse for La'el Collins.

Just two days before he was expected to be a first-round pick in the NFL Draft,
the LSU offensive tackle was rocked by news that police in Baton Rouge, La.,
want to talk to him about the murder of a former girlfriend.

According to multiple outlets, police said Collins isn't considered a suspect in
the shooting death last Friday of Brittany Mills, 29, who was pregnant and
delivered a boy that lived.

Police told the NFL Network they want to establish if Collins - who the network
said hadn't had contact with Mills since September - is the father of the child,
while ESPN reported that investigators want to see if Collins "can provide them
with information."

Collins, who also can play guard, is considered the fourth-best tackle available
this year, and many mock drafts had him going to the Lions with the No. 23 pick
Thursday night.

Though Collins so far is not deemed a suspect, merely having his name linked to
a murder investigation - especially just two days before the start of the draft
- seems sure to hurt the 6-foot-5, 305-pound lineman's stock in this post-Aaron
Hernandez era.

Collins is in Chicago to attend the draft this week. But thanks to this
late-breaking development, he might be in for a long and lonely night - or
nights, plural - in the green room.

The NFL's drug policy saved Eagles coach Chip Kelly from himself Tuesday when it
was announced Dolphins pass rusher Dion Jordan would miss the entire 2015 season
for violating the league's drug policy.

A league source confirmed Kelly and the Eagles had a trade worked out with Miami
for Jordan - another of Kelly's former Oregon players - that was nixed by the
suspension.

Could Kelly's pursuit of Jordan be another sign the Philadelphia coach is going
to trade up for Oregon quarterback Marcus Mariota on Thursday?

The price he would have to pay to move up from No. 20 all the way to No. 2 would
seem prohibitive, but Kelly appears obsessed with adding former Ducks. The
Eagles current have eight ex-Oregon players on the roster after carrying nine at
one point last year.

Another suspicious sign: Kelly and the Eagles have yet to talk with recently
acquired quarterback Sam Bradford about a contract extension, leading many to
think Braford's time in Philly will be brief and the oft-injured passer could be
Mariota trade bait instead.

It looks like you can forget the Vikings trading Adrian Peterson to the Cowboys
before the draft - or trading him, period.

Cowboys owner Jerry Jones was responsible for ending the Dallas angle of the
Peterson speculation Tuesday when he told reporters at a predraft press
conference it is "highly unlikely you would trade for a player this time of
year."

"Players' values are diminished [the week of the draft]," Jones said. "It's
unbelievable. Draft picks are enhanced. Everybody wants draft picks over the
next three days and the day of the draft, so players have a diminished
consideration in a trade - draft picks or not. That's highly unlikely for us, in
my view."

The Vikings did their best to put the talk to rest, releasing a statement from
GM Rick Spielman.

"We can just end the Adrian Peterson stuff," Spielman said. "Our position has
not changed. We have no interest in trading Adrian Peterson."

bhubbuch@nypost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: LA'EL COLLINS. (AP)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              896 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             January 6, 2008 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Trial starts Monday in deaths of parents;
Kim charged with first-degree murder

BYLINE: Karen Dorn Steele Staff writer

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 713 words


It was a shocking discovery by sheriff's deputies: the body of a father, stabbed
five times, and a dead mother, bludgeoned and strangled, both surprised by their
assailant as they returned to their Mount Spokane home after work a few weeks
before Christmas in 2006.

According to the state, the assailant was their bright but troubled son,
18-year-old Bryan P. Kim - a Mt. Spokane high school student who, after a year
in the Spokane County Jail, faces a trial for first-degree murder that starts
Monday before Spokane County Superior Court Judge Tari Eitzen. Kim is now 19.

His trial, expected to last two to three weeks, will feature experts who
disagree on his mental state at the time of the killings. Was the teenager, who
took medicine for depression and told deputies he had a bipolar disorder,
capable of premeditation, or did he suffer from diminished capacity, a defense
to cold-blooded murder?

Kim is charged with two counts of premeditated first-degree murder in the deaths
of his parents, Richard and Terri Kim. The charges were upgraded last January
from second-degree murder after prosecutors concluded he planned the killings.
He has pleaded not guilty.

Richard Kim, a respiratory therapist, was stabbed repeatedly in the neck and
chest as he entered the foyer of his house about 5:30 p.m. Dec. 5, 2006.

Terri Kim, a Rogers High School math teacher, was killed two hours later in the
family garage as she came home. The 46-year-old was beaten on the head and
strangled with two zip ties linked together and cinched around her neck.

Spokane County sheriff's deputies were alerted when the Kims didn't show up for
work the next day. The deputies found the couple's bodies in the bucket of a
Bobcat by an outbuilding near their home.

Kim's older sister, Jessica Kim, who no longer lived at her parents' home, told
deputies after the killings that her brother had an "explosive temper" and
bipolar disorder, and had been told by their parents to move out before the
first of the year.

Kim also is charged with second-degree theft for taking $1,000 from his parents'
bank account, plus an additional charge of possession of stolen property for
carrying his father's bank card, which allegedly was used to withdraw the cash.

Prosecutors have subpoenaed Kim's Spokane Teachers Credit Union records for 2006
and other STCU records that show how his father's debit card was used Dec. 6,
the day after his parents were killed.

According to a statement of facts, detectives who searched Kim after they
arrested him at school Dec. 6 found a deposit slip in his pants pocket showing a
$1,000 deposit from Richard Kim's bank account that was made earlier that
morning into Bryan Kim's account.

The Spokane County public defender's office has hired a Texas psychiatrist, Dr.
Michael Arambula, to testify at the jury trial.

Arambula will testify that Kim suffered from diminished mental capacity at the
time of the killings, said Public Defender John Stine, who represents Kim.

The prosecutor's expert report, however, "says the opposite of what our expert
says," Stine added.

Jack Driscoll, chief deputy criminal prosecutor for Spokane County, said he
couldn't reveal details before the trial of Kim's mental evaluation, written by
forensic psychiatrist Dr. William Grant of Eastern State Hospital. Grant will
testify for the prosecution.

In late September, acting on a motion from the prosecutor's office, Spokane
County Superior Court Judge Sam Cozza approved the appointment of a "sanity
commission" to evaluate Kim's mental state.

In his order, Cozza said he'd been advised that Kim "may rely on a claim of
diminished capacity at the time of trial."

Grant examined Kim at the Spokane County Jail and reviewed his medical records.
His report was delivered to the prosecutor by mid-October, according to the
deadline set in Cozza's order.

Court records show Kim had a history of violent behavior involving his parents,
with at least four arrests for assault.

He tried to hit his father with a golf club in 2002, and in 2005 he detained his
mother on the back porch of their home in an argument over grades. His mother
told investigators she was afraid of her son.

Meanwhile, Kim has declined interview requests.

Stine said he's advised his young client "not to talk to anyone."

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Karen Dorn Steele can be reached at (509) 459-5462 or at
karend@spokesman.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              897 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Weekend Australian

                             June 30, 2012 Saturday
                         1 - All-round Country Edition

The shrinking world of news

BYLINE: ROWAN CALLICK, ASIA-PACIFIC EDITOR

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1312  words


The role of the foreign correspondent is exciting, demanding and under threat

TOGETHER with the Hollywood star and the sporting hero, the foreign
correspondent must surely have been one of the most glamorous figures of the
20th century.

Watch Michael Caine in Australian director Phillip Noyce's film of the Graham
Greene story The Quiet American. Or the 1940 Alfred Hitchcock movie simply
called Foreign Correspondent.

The English novelist and satirist Evelyn Waugh exaggerates -- only a little --
the foreign correspondent's world in his uproarious novel Scoop, in which
William Boot is sent innocently by a newspaper to cover a war in the fictional
African state of Ishmaelia.

Some foreign correspondents have survived bombs, deadly diseases and jailing in
the line of duty, only to find themselves facing a more insidious threat, that
of the accountant.

Chris Lee, most recently celebrated for his terrific script for the Ita Buttrose
TV dramatisation, Paper Giants, was in an earlier life a foreign correspondent,
based in Port Moresby, for AAP.

He flew to Vanuatu when it was facing civil war on the eve of independence, and
managed to get one of only a few phone lines out of the country, to file a great
scoop.

But when he reached the AAP switchboard in Sydney he was immediately patched
through not to the copytakers but to the accounts department, where he was
quizzed about the cost of curtains he had bought for the house in Port Moresby.

Eventually an exasperated Lee, busting to file, shouted down the line: ``f . . k
the f . . king curtains.'' The line went dead. It was some hours before he could
get another.

Are foreign correspondents now becoming a rare and dying breed, chiefly because
the mass media are running out of money?

The future of Fairfax foreign correspondents must be an especial concern,
despite chief executive Greg Hywood himself having been a distinguished
Washington correspondent for The Australian Financial Review.

Foreign correspondents for The Sydney Morning Herald and The Age pioneered the
pooled pattern that is now routine within Fairfax, with the papers sharing the
copy and the posts being appointed by each paper alternately.

Today Fairfax retains a considerable international network -- although the space
for correspondents' copy appears increasingly constricted -- with offices left
in Washington, London, Jerusalem, Beijing, Jakarta, Delhi and Bangkok.

How many will be left in a couple of years? It should be a matter of national
concern that Australia's coverage of the world has diminished, as has the US's.
There has been a 24 per cent reduction in American full-time correspondents over
the past eight years, now down to 234.

New media, which were once presumed to bring ``the world'' closer to
Australians, instead focus primarily on celebrities in the English-speaking
world -- London, New York and Los Angeles -- and rarely provide authentic
insights into the wider world, especially in the Asia-Pacific region.

In one of the rare instances of new media pursuing international stories,
followers were enthralled that the ``jasmine revolutions'' in North Africa would
lead to liberal democracy.

Foreign correspondents of the sour old media warned, with their insights, that
Islamism would be the likely winner. So it has proved. But the prizes for
getting it right seem to have diminished.

The AFR not long ago had eight foreign correspondents. Today it has just two
bureaus, Washington and Shanghai, from which, rather eccentrically, it covers
China. AAP once had a formidable network of overseas offices; now it has left
London, Los Angeles, Auckland, Jakarta and Port Moresby.

Website Global Mail, funded by wotif.com founder Graeme Wood, has correspondents
in Europe, North and South America, the Middle East and Asia, although they do
not tend to cover news but, like the site generally, contribute background
features.

The News Limited papers retain bureaus in New York and London. The Australian is
committed to a substantial network of correspondents, with staff in London,
Jerusalem, Washington, Jakarta, Delhi, Tokyo and Beijing.

The government-funded ABC is left with the largest global coverage, with a
separate team also reporting primarily for Australia Network, the station beamed
overseas, and for its sibling Radio Australia.

Deploying foreign correspondents is very expensive. But it's a crucial media
role, in commercial, professional and common-good terms. And the alternatives
are worse. Relying on wire copy provides no competitive advantage. It is
available to many others, and often presumes on the audience already knowing the
background to a story. Except for AAP, it is naturally written for consumers in
other, often remote markets such as Britain, the US or France.

Australians live in every city from which Australian media would wish to receive
news. People who teach English as a foreign language, regularly volunteer to
become stringers. But few have journalistic training. Sometimes, as in the case
of China, they have sacrificed many years of their lives to learn the language
and would do nothing to imperil maintaining their access to the country.

There are also local stringers. They would of course tend to wish to maximise
their incomes, reporting for as many media as possible short of a direct clash.
They may not understand the particular needs of the audience for which they are
writing, and may be vulnerable to pressures from the local authorities.

The other alternative is simply to let audiences find out for themselves.

Who after all, can't type a question into Google?

There are three problems here: first, that people simply tend not to, they will
let the rest of the world slip quietly away past their own localised horizons;
second, the answers are either too many -- in the case, say, of China -- or too
few, in the case, say, of Papua New Guinea; third, that they find it hard to
weigh the significance -- or even truth -- of what might pop up on the first few
screens of a Google request.

A modern correspondent contributes across all sectors of the media for which
they work, providing political, business and cultural content. It's a very busy
assignment. Much of the glamour has gone, but of course it remains riveting to
be in the middle of great global events.

The correspondents' primary task is to assess what is most important and
relevant for Australian audiences, and provide timely, accurate and
contextualised coverage.

They also have another role, which requires a rare degree of empathy: that of
translating for Australians, what it feels like to be a Japanese facing nuclear
melt-down, say, or a Chinese pondering a communist party leadership transition,
or an Indonesian grappling with how to treat asylum-seekers.

One of the signs of a ``proper'' foreign correspondent is that they put names to
the people they write about. Victims, say, of electoral violence in PNG merit
the dignity of being named wherever possible.

War correspondents tend to win most of the journalistic awards for international
coverage -- a factor which of itself demonstrates the degree to which Australian
global perceptions can be skewed.

The foreign correspondent's life is always demanding, it can be exciting. It is
often considerably more difficult than garnering information at home. In China
for instance, there is no access to courts, parliament is only available for a
couple of weeks a year, there are very few press conferences, corporations tend
not to hold any meetings, and few people in power have ever spoken to a
journalist on the phone.

It's also vital work, in the national interest. The government is now concluding
its Australia in the Asian Century white paper. One of the clear conclusions
from the submissions is that Australians need to know considerably more about
the region in which they live. The mainstream media are playing their part, a
costly but irreplaceable part.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AUS


                   Copyright 2012 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              898 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            November 19, 2004 Friday

Interview with Aaron J. Greenfield, exec.  dir. of the Maryland Business Council

BYLINE: Nancy Kercheval

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1800 words


Earlier this year, a group of Maryland business leaders, headed by banker and
developer Edwin F. Hale Sr., created the Maryland Business Council to advocate
for small businesses.

Aaron J. Greenfield, the former special city solicitor for policy and
development in Baltimore, was hired to serve as the council's executive
director.

Greenfield recently sat down with The Daily Record to discuss the organization
and plans for the upcoming session of the Maryland General Assembly. Below are
excerpts from the interview.

What's the purpose of the Maryland Business Council, which was created earlier
this year? How is it different from other small-business organizations?

Well, the fact is that there aren't many small-business organizations out there
that focus on assisting the small-business owner in government relations,
technical assistance, cost savings programs and information and networking
statewide.

" The small-business community in this state and nationally drive the economy.
Just quoting some numbers, Maryland's small businesses constitute 97 percent of
all employers in the state and employ 52 percent of Maryland's work force. That
equals a million workers and they generated an annual Maryland payroll of more
than $30 billion. So this is not a small sector. " The U.S. Small Business
Administration has said that small business in Maryland is the backbone to the
economy. And we believe that. We believe that this business sector is in need of
critical assistance because if their needs go unaddressed, then that
contribution will be diminished and could be diminished significantly.

What have you accomplished so far?

We're not even six months old, and we are growing. At this point we have about
112 members. We have worked on several areas. We have provided important
advocacy to members in the areas of opposing the manufacturing tax here in the
city. In assisting one of our members in trying to get trash cleaned up around
some apartment buildings he owns. We have taken a stand in Annapolis on
association health plans, which we support. And we were just in Annapolis a
couple weeks ago working on and speaking with the Speaker of the House and
President Miller on letting them know our position on two bills that the
governor vetoed.

There is a fear " the legislature may override the governor's vetoes on
corporate tax surcharge and the living wage bill. So we are part of a small
business network, advocacy network, in Annapolis as it stands, which includes
the National Federation of Independent Businesses, the Maryland Retailer's
Association, the MdAtlantic Petroleum Distributors, and so we go down there and
we work with those folks and work through our membership to get the word out
about our positions on things.

The other thing we worked on is we have relationships with specific vendors that
provide discounts to our members -- payroll processing, office products, we're
going to have a telecommunications package that will be coming out and a work
force assessment tool. The other thing is we have breakfast meetings that are
monthly and they include topics that are important to small business. They have
included health care issues like health savings accounts, " how to avoid
litigation for the small-business owner, do you have an employee handbook, how
do you hire and how do you fire, how do you handle an independent contractor
relationship. Those kinds of things. We will be developing more programs on
marketing and promoting your company and those kinds of things.

What is your agenda for the General Assembly?

Medical malpractice is a big issue. We believe " there is a clear nexus between
the rising rates of medical malpractice and the detrimental impact that has on
economic development. So we will be working very closely with the Maryland
Hospital Association, which is a member, and several others, to make that clear
and get this message out. " Medical malpractice is a big issue.

We will work along with these other groups to fight any effort to override the
governor's vetoes on corporate tax surcharge and living wage. We are involved in
some unemployment insurance issues and we are taking a look at the worker's comp
and association health plans. We are incredibly supportive of those.

Have you found a supportive ear in Annapolis?

Absolutely. I have experience in Annapolis, so I sort of know the game to some
degree. But yes, there are folks who understand the importance of small business
in the legislature. They understand the contribution. Many legislators own small
businesses. And so they recognize that there is an enormous cost with health
care, that we need a strong work force, and that there are tools that they need
at their disposal to run their business and run it effectively.

How large would you like to grow the association?

That is a tough question.

Considering the number of Maryland small businesses, potential membership is
huge?

Absolutely. There is a huge opportunity to mobilize the small business community
" . We think there is huge potential in mobilizing this group, bringing them
together, and really allowing them to have one voice on issues of importance.

And so it is hard for me to say. I would like 4,000 members, but I am [just as
concerned, if not more concerned, about servicing members as I am recruiting
them]. I want to make sure that we give them real value to what they put in.

Are you doing anything to reach outside of the central Maryland area?

We are. In fact we have members all over the state already. Ocean City, Snow
Hill, Salisbury. We have the president of Cecil Federal Bank on our board. They
are involved. Prince George's County, Montgomery County, we've got Merrill Lynch
in Rockville. Howard County, which I think is a very target-rich environment for
small business, we are starting to recruit more members in that area. So clearly
this is an organization that is growing out of the Baltimore region.

Are most small business issues similar no matter the industry area?

I think for the most part that is true. I think there might be differences in
their needs. A restaurant owner may have very different needs than an insurance
broker, but nevertheless, how do I use information technology effectively?
Accounting and finance issues? How do I best promote my company? How do I handle
the increased health care costs? What is out there? How do we use health savings
accounts? Those are all sort of consistent issues that face any small business.

Are small-business issues different from large-business issues? Or is it more
just a matter of numbers?

I think the latter is part of it. I do think there are certain major
distinctions. For instance, as I said we support association health plans which
would essentially allow a group like ours to allow all of our members to sort of
fall under one umbrella, that being Maryland Business Council, and then we would
be able to purchase health care with all of these covered lives. Those numbers
allow us leverage -- leverage that big companies already have. So those are the
kinds of things we are working on and that is a major distinction I think
between the small-business community, which is all over the place, and your
major corporations.

Is labor an issue for small businesses?

Not as much as you would think, if at all. It is really not. In our short five
months, it has not been raised as an issue.

Is malpractice insurance a big issue because you have doctors as members?

No. In fact that is not really why we are big on that issue. We do represent
several hospitals, Life Bridge, Med Star, Baltimore Medical System, but the fact
is that these hospitals have challenges that we want to help them address. Those
challenges with the skyrocketing medical malpractice rates ultimately increase
not only the costs for the hospitals and their ability to hire and provide the
best possible care, but that increased rate means that a small-business owner
has got to deal with the rising costs of their own employee base. Now it is not
unusual for a small-business owner to be paying a third of their employees'
salaries just on health care cost. That is a lot. That is a significant amount.

Have any surprises cropped up from your members? Any issues they have asked for
help addressing that maybe you didn't expect?

That's a good question. I don't know that there has been anything unusual. There
have been some unusual issues they have asked for help on, but they weren't
requests that I was just sort of like, I wouldn't know how to handle that.

Do you think it is going to be an active legislative session for small business?

Very active. We've got, as I said, medical malpractice, unemployment insurance
will be an issue. There is some things brewing with worker's compensation, and
all the other issues involving the structural deficit and slots and all of those
other good things. Education.

Has small business taken a position on slots?

Not this small-business organization.

Do you think you will?

Probably not. It is not likely.

None of your members have voiced concern over putting slots in their lobbies or
something?

No. I have had discussions with members about the issue and I think you get a
position on both sides, but as an organization, it is not something our members
have really been asking us to step out on. Now, as we get closer to session that
may change, but at this point it is not the case.

Do you take a political stand at all?

We are nonpartisan. We are a " nonprofit.

Are you not in competition with the Greater Baltimore Committee or organizations
such as that?

No. I think the GBC serves a very important purpose. What they do is critical.
Their target is Greater Baltimore, as the name indicates. We are statewide. We
focus more on small business than I think they do.

I think the world of [GBC President] Don C. Fry. I think the world of the work
they do, but we are different. It has been very humbling to me because I will
meet a new member for a cup of coffee and these folks literally come off a
construction site. And I think that is terrific. I love to learn about what they
do, and these are guys who are wiring, these are guys who are climbing, I love
it. It is great.

Aaron J. Greenfield

Age: 32

Title: Executive Director for Maryland Business Council

Education: J.D. University of Baltimore School of Law, BA University of Maryland
College Park

Hobbies: Exercise, reading, traveling

Family: Wife, Pamela Kessler; 2-year-old daughter, Ava.

Residence: Baltimore City

Favorite Book: "The Power Broker" by Robert Caro

Last movie seen: "Open Water"

Mentors: Court of Appeals Judge Clayton Greene Jr. ("He taught me how to be an
effective advocate/attorney") and Mayor Martin O'Malley (for his
"vision-political instinct").

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              899 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             January 1, 2016 Friday

OKC Thunder: What happened to the Thunder's dominance at the free throw line?

BYLINE: By Erik HorneStaff Writerehorne@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 780 words


Russell Westbrook slashed his way through the lane against Chicago, twisting and
absorbing contact, sliding into photographers, barreling into the first row of
spectators at Chesapeake Energy Arena, giving them a Christmas gift to
remember.It was when he was fouled and stayed on his feet, however, when he
showed his most emotion. Before stepping to the line for two foul shots in the
third quarter, Westbrook yelled to himself to make his free throws.He'd finish
the game just above 50 percent from the line. Thirteen shots. Seven makes.After
a half-decade stretch as the best free throw shooting team in the NBA, the
Thunder's dominance at the line has finally fallen back, but not at the expense
of the offense.Not as high of a free throw percentage. Not as many attempts. So,
how is the Thunder thriving offensively without living at the line?

"We still get to the line, but the offense has changed a little bit," Kevin
Durant said. "There's not a lot of iso ball, not a lot of clearouts at the top
of the key - we had a lot of that stuff."Since arriving in Oklahoma City, no
team in the NBA has combined attempts and accuracy from the free throw line like
the Thunder. In five seasons from 2009-2014, the Thunder ranked first or second
in the NBA in free throw percentage, including three consecutive years at No. 1
from 2010-2013.In the season the Thunder made the NBA Finals, it had three of
the most frequent free throw shooters in the league. Westbrook, Durant and James
Harden each ranked in the Top 13 in the NBA in free throw attempts. Even after
trading Harden before the next season, the Thunder led the league in free throws
made and free throw percentage. Now, they're fourth and fifth in those
categories.What's changed? Veteran forward Nick Collison said the Thunder's drop
off at the line never even registered to him, and it's easy to overlook
considering OKC currently has its best offensive rating in franchise history.
The Thunder is scoring 112.1 points per 100 possessions, second only to the
Golden State Warriors (113.7). The Thunder's offensive efficiency has risen even
as its free throws attempts have diminished slightly. Kevin Durant is shooting
3.2 fewer per game than his MVP season. Westbrook's 7.8 attempts per game are
higher than his career average (6.8), but two fewer than his explosion from last
season that came in Durant's injury absence.The opportunities to get to the line
have also diminished as the Thunder's offense has gradually moved away from
isolation-heavy, one-on-one play."Now we're just trying to get a lot of pick and
rolls," Durant said. "â?¦ and it's hard to get that one-on-one situation in the
pick and roll."

What was most troubling to start the season for the Thunder, however, was how
often they were putting the opposition on the stripe. In its first 17 games,
Thunder opponents had a free throw attempt per field goal attempt rate of .289,
which would rank in the bottom 10 in the league today. In the last 16 games,
OKC's whittled it down to .259, or close to its franchise-best rate from 2012-13
(.254).Just getting to the line isn't an indicator of team success, particularly
since teams using intentional foul tactics on below average free throw shooters
like DeAndre Jordan of the Los Angeles Clippers or Dwight Howard of the Houston
Rockets. The top three teams in the league in offensive efficiency - Golden
State, Oklahoma City and San Antonio - rank 11th, seventh and 28th,
respectively, in free throw attempts per game.The Western Conference's three
best teams have free throw attempt numbers that don't look alike. What does look
similar is San Antonio, Golden State and Oklahoma City ranking as the Top 3
teams in the NBA in field goal percentage.Thunder coach Billy Donovan isn't
going full-on San Antonio when it comes to lack of attempts, however. Donovan
likes to "take advantage of the 3-point line, attack the paint, and try to get
to the free throw line.""It's really hard to play aggressive defense when you're
in the bonus with a lot of time remaining," Donovan said about what getting to
the line does for the Thunder. "Another thing is it allows you to set your
defense, get back and get set."The offense has changed, but the Thunder's
ability to get foul shots is still a weapon. OKC exploited the Milwaukee Bucks
on Monday, scoring 37 points on 40 free throw attempts."It shows that we're
attacking the basket and not settling for jump shots, which is great," said
Westbrook after beating Milwaukee. Westbrook is 24-of-25 from the line since his
off game against Chicago."Sometimes we're not gonna make as many shots, but as
long as we're attacking and making things happen, I'm OK with that."

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              900 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Express

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday
                                U.K. 1st Edition

'Pained to the core'

BYLINE: By Stephen Wilkie

SECTION: NEWS; 05

LENGTH: 609  words


Grieving father's anguish at failing to stop his vengeful wife killing their
three children

THE father of three young children stabbed to death by their mother during a
bitter custody battle spoke yesterday of his anguish at failing to protect them.

Pasquale Riggi said he was "pained to the core" after estranged wife Theresa was
jailed for a minimum of 16 years for killing eight-year-old twins Austin and
Luke and their sister Cecilia, five.

The oil company executive said the "horrific manner" in which his children died
would leave an "indelible mark" on his life.

Theresa Riggi, 47, was initially charged with murder but last month she pleaded
guilty to culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

The bloodstained bodies of the children were discovered last August at the
family's rented flat in an Edinburgh townhouse following a suspected gas
explosion.

They had been stabbed eight times each and were found lying side by side in a
bedroom.

US-born Mrs Riggi, a violinist who taught music, was badly injured after falling
head first from a second floor balcony in a suicide bid.

The court heard she had been "possessive" about the children since they were
born and insisted they wore "locators" in public places. The situation worsened
when she and Pasquale Riggi, 46, began divorce proceedings and the couple began
a custody battle.

Mrs Riggi fled with the children to the address in Edinburgh and 24 hours before
their deaths a judge warned they could be in danger when she failed to appear at
a divorce hearing.

The judge told social workers to track the children down and take them into care
if necessary.

An earlier court hearing was told how she spoke to her husband by phone on the
evening of August 2, at around 11.30pm.

She accused him of being in collusion with their solicitors and asked if he
would take the children away.

On being told that she "left him no choice", Mrs Riggi replied: "Say goodbye
then." And she hung up.

Psychiatrists found she was paranoid and suffering from a narcissistic
personality disorder.

But passing sentence at the High Court in Glasgow the judge, Lord Bracadale,
described her crime as "ghastly and grotesque" and told her: "You are not
mentally ill."

He added: "You, and others, must understand that, while your responsibility is
diminished, you are still responsible for your actions.

"The number and nature of the stab wounds to each child is indicative of a truly
disturbing degree of violence."

Riggi married her husband in her home town of Bakersfield, California, in 1989.
But the couple had separated by the time they moved to Scotland in February
2007.

Mr Riggi stayed in a flat in Aberdeen city centre while the rest of the family
lived in the nearby village of Skene.

Defence QC Donald Findlay told the court that Riggi was "wholly devoted" to her
children and feared they would be taken from her.

He said: "However irrational and however insane, that was the world as Theresa
Riggi saw it."

The divorce judge's order was not faxed for 24 hours and was received just
minutes before reports of the gas blast sent emergency services to the flat.
Despite the delay, City of Edinburgh Council said nothing could have stopped
Theresa Riggi's murder-suicide plan.

In a statement read outside court, Mr Riggi said: "The horrific manner in which
my children died will leave an indelible mark on the rest of my life. It pains
me to the core that I was unable to protect them from the selfish, brutal and
murderous acts that ended their lives."

Lord Bracadale ordered that Mrs Riggi, who will serve her sentence at Cornton
Vale Prison near Stirling, should be deported to the United States when she is
paroled.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Theresa Riggi arrives at court in Glasgow for sentencing yesterday
Stabbing victim Cecilia, five - and, right, her devastated father Pasquale
Riggi, 46
Eight-year-old twins Luke, left, and Austin were stabbed to death by their
mother

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 EXPRESS NEWSPAPERS
                              All Rights Reserved


                              901 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                          September 15, 2007 Saturday

Hill/McGraw association hasn't hurt McKenna

BYLINE: Wilfred Langmaid ON THE RECORD

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 406  words


Lori McKenna: Unglamourous - Warner Bros. / Warner Music Canada

Lori McKenna was one of those nice little secrets that some fans and reviewers
want to keep unsullied. She made a career of modestly selling but brilliant
folk/roots/pop singer-songwriter albums, a couple of which were glowingly
reviewed in this column.

All the while, she raised five children along with her husband, a Boston- area
plumber.

Then, country megastar Faith Hill heard some of her material and was bowled
over. She included three McKenna songs on her double-platinum 2005 album
Fireflies, put her in the opening slot of her tour and recruited her equally
famed hubby, Tim McGraw, to produce McKenna's new album.

McKenna even ended up on Oprah. The chance was there for mass market over- hype
and country pop gloss overkill.

We needn't have worried.

Sure, Unglamourous has a bit more twang and sheen than some past albums, and the
overall sound is understandably "bigger" than the spare singer/songwriter sound
if her past efforts, but it is still pure Lori McKenna.

That means crisp storytelling, filled with great imagery and perfectly delivered
by her real voice and musical backdrops.

Her greatest gift -- utterly believable story songs of ordinary folks living
ordinary lives and the layers that mark the lives of so many of us -- is not in
the least diminished by the slicker production and the presence of some studio
heavyweights.

The album lacks a single weak track, but some shine. The clearly
autobiographical title track is a singles-chart candidate, while songs like the
album opener I Know You, Confetti, Drinkin' Problem, Falter, and I'm Not Crazy
reveal her as a top-level writer and deliver of razor-sharp, believable story
songs with blue-collar, real sensibilities.

In other words, the Hill/McGraw involvement in McKenna's life has been the best
of both worlds. She is now famous and more comfortable in her daily life, and
her own career gets a bigger boost than ever before.

Hill and others will likely continue to put their spin on her compositions on
their own CDs for years to come. Still, McKenna's own solo canon is not
diminished in the least.

In its own way, Unglamourous is as good as any of her great predecessors. It
just will get more attention.

Fredericton-based writer Wilfred Langmaid has reviewed albums in The Daily
Gleaner since 1981 and is a past judge for both the Junos and the East Coast
Music Awards. His column appears each Saturday.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2007 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              902 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            July 31, 2013 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

KATHY LISKA: WHY I ATTEND THE SOLIDARITY SING ALONG

BYLINE:  KATHY LISKA , local guest columnist

SECTION: THE CAP TIMES; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 509 words


A few days ago, after I was arrested at the Solidarity Sing Along, I was asked
why I sing in our Capitol. I sing at noon in the Capitol to voice my distress at
the loss of fair and open government in Wisconsin: government that is responsive
to the needs of all Wisconsin citizens - especially our children - not primarily
to Republican campaign donors. I'm particularly upset with the recent cuts to
public education in Wisconsin. Quality public education for every child is no
longer valued by our governor or the Republicans who control our Legislature.
The education budget, K through college, was cut by over $2 billion already. Our
children's well-being, now and in the future, is diminished by this diversion of
education dollars to fund tax relief that chiefly benefits the wealthiest
citizens. These cuts to school funding were not restored in the current budget.
Instead, public education was further diminished by allowing voucher schools -
serving even our wealthy families and unaccountable to local and state
administrators - to spread across the entire state. The education of every child
is at the foundation of our democracy. This type of destruction must not
continue.

From Gov. Scott Walker's first day in office, I've been greatly disturbed by
this administration's attacks on Wisconsin's proud tradition of honest and
responsible government by and for the people. When I sing in the Capitol, I feel
the support of those who also value this tradition. We feed each other's souls.
We encourage one another to work on candidates' campaigns, to speak on behalf of
the poor and middle-class citizens and for quality education for all of
Wisconsin's children.

Twenty-nine months ago I first heard of the Solidarity Sing Along as it began,
with about 10 songs and a dozen regular singers. It has now perhaps a few
hundred irregularly attending or "with us in spirit" singers with a repertoire
of over 50 songs. The melodies are timeless, while the words are updated
regularly to reflect current Wisconsin politics. We promote education, workers'
rights, women's rights to equal pay, citizens' rights - to voting especially -
environmental concerns and so forth. We are present inside perhaps four hours a
week, while our Capitol is open over 65 hours a week. The public visit freely
within whether we are there or not. When another group has a permit to use the
rotunda, our peaceable group calmly moves outside. "We Are a Gentle Angry
People" is one of our theme songs.

Our Wisconsin Constitution protects our rights to assemble in our rotunda, which
is designed to provide a public forum. Our right to free speech is clear:
Article 1, Section 4: "The right of the people peaceably to assemble, to consult
for the common good, and to petition the government, or any department thereof,
shall never be abridged."

Wisconsin has a proud tradition of responsible government by and for the people.
While Walker continues to do everything he can to destroy the people's rights
throughout Wisconsin, I will continue to encourage the people to be heard.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Kathy Liska, of Madison, is a Solidarity Singer.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              903 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         WALL STREET JOURNAL ABSTRACTS

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

SILICON VALLEY'S BACKERS GRAPPLED WITH ERA OF DIMINISHED RETURNS

BYLINE: REBECCA BUCKMAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 86 words


Silicon Valley's venture capitalist are grappling with new era of diminished
returns after decades of powering and profiting from technology sector's growth;
venture capitalists are being weighed down by skittish stock market, glut of
investment capital and slowing growth in tech areas that have been most
lucrative for backers; cumulative returns for six years since dot-com meltdown
remain negative, though venture capitalists posted mean return, including
realized and unrealized gains, of 7.9% last year; graph (L)

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Abstract

JOURNAL-CODE: WSJ

                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved
                           Information Bank Abstracts


                              904 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       July 3, 2002 Wednesday 1ST EDITION

'Men in Black II' suffers sequelitis Special effects galore can't save stale
plot

BYLINE: By Steven Rosen, Denver Post Movie Critic,

SECTION: SCN; Pg. F-01

LENGTH: 840 words


The new 'Men in Black II' is old hat.

That's often the case with sequels - diminished expectations,  diminished
returns. But sequelitis hits this film especially hard  because 1997's 'Men in
Black' had such a cleverly irreverent wit  and topsy-turvy world view.

Its mix of sci-fi and comedy was new and delightful. That's  hard to repeat -
how do you duplicate originality?

Returning director Barry Sonnenfeld and stars Will Smith and  Tommy Lee Jones
try to give us more of the same. But staleness has  replaced hipness. What's
left are impressive production values and  a few good jokes and inventive sight
gags, such as a super-literal  interpretation of 'auto pilot.'

Smith, as agent Jay, works hard to lure us into the film with  his rapid-fire
patter. Too hard, maybe - one wishes writers Robert  Gordon and Barry Fanaro had
given him funnier dialogue.

As Kay, Jones is so deadpan we almost have to take it on faith  he knows he's
supposed to be in a comedy. Drollness has its  merits, true, but Jones plays it
so dryly he comes off as just  plain disinterested. In a way, I wish Leslie
Nielsen had taken his  part.    Just to remind you, 'Men in Black's' premise is
that  black-suit-wearing human agents police Earth's surprisingly large  but
secret alien population. When humans witness their activities,  the agents erase
their memories with a camera-like device.

The concept, based on a comic book by Lowell Cunningham, is  part 'Invasion of
the Body Snatchers' and part 'Blues Brothers.'

Without anything new to offer, 'II' gives us top-heavy  special effects galore -
all sorts of digitalized shiny fast  things race through the skies above New
York City. They rarely  seem very real.

The plot, too, seems cloned from the first 'Men in Black,' as  if that one's
story has been erased from our minds.    Because Kay  had his memory erased
previously, the sequel spends much time  establishing a reason (and method) to
return him to the fold. As a  result, the film can't decide if Jones is Smith's
trainee - a  reversal from the first 'MIB' - or vice versa.

It also stars Lara Flynn Boyle as the evil Serleena, an alien  who takes the
earthly form of a Victoria's Secret model and likes  to eat her victims. It's a
one-joke character - and even less of a  performance.

And as Laura Vasquez, a young woman who witnesses an alien  murder and
subsequently becomes smitten with Jay, Rosario Dawson  appears especially lost
at the film's climax. She could be in  'Dazed and Confused.'

The aliens - some of whom are actors wearing Rick  Baker-designed makeup, some
of whom benefit from  computer-generated effects - have plenty of strange,
colorful  shapes and textures.

Some are truly weird and funny, like the Worm Guys who like  to play Twister on
human bodies. There's a fancifully inventive  scene involving aliens in a Grand
Central Terminal locker. And I  love the seemingly speed-crazed, multi-armed
alien in a post  office - he could make 'snail mail' move faster than e-mail.

But too many have precious little in the way of soulful  personalities. As a
two-headed human-like creature (his small  second head pops out of a backpack),
Johnny Knoxville wants our  laughs, but isn't very funny.

Frank the Pug, the talking dog-like alien (voice by Tim  Blaney) who was such a
hit before, gets an expanded role in the  sequel as a wisecracking
agent-wannabe. But the gimmick gets old  and threatens to turn the film into a
talking-pet/talking-baby  movie. That's the antithesis of hipness.

The film also fails to effectively lampoon Michael Jackson  and Martha Stewart,
who both contribute cameos. How can a movie  ostensibly about aliens disguised
as humans not get a good laugh  out of Jackson's presence?

Overall, 'II' is more like 'Wayne's World 2' than the second  'Austin Powers.'
It fails to expand and strengthen its characters.  It just wrings them out for
whatever they're still worth.

At least, they're still worth something. And at least the  film is short - just
under 11/2 hours, counting credits. And it  does have a few good showbiz
in-jokes, such as a seamy, trashy  video store run by an Oliver Stone-loving
clerk who lives with his  mom.

Watch closely at that scene's end, when this nerdy clerk  decides to leave for
Cambodia. The final sight gag has nothing to  do with special effects - or
aliens - but is probably the most  outrageously irreverent one in the movie.

Men in Black II

( out of 4 stars)

Directed by: Barry Sonnenfeld

Written by: Robert Gordon and Barry Fanaro

Photography by: Greg Gardiner

Starring: Tommy Lee Jones, Will Smith, Lara Flynn Boyle,  Johnny Knoxville,
Rosario Dawson, Tony Shalhoub, Rip Torn

Rated: PG-13

Running time: 1 hour, 28 minutes

Distributed by: Columbia Pictures

Opens: Today at area theaters

If you like this, try: 'Men in Black,' 'Galaxy Quest,'  'Invasion of the Body
Snatchers'

LOAD-DATE: July 03, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Columbia Pictures/Melinda Sue Tommy Lee Jones, left, stars as
former agent Kay and Will Smith stars as agent Jay in Columbia Pictures' sci-fi
comedy 'Men in Black II.' PHOTO: Courtesy of Columbia Aliens on the set of
Columbia Pictures' 'Men in Black II' include Spider Bunny, Bird Woman, Bird Guy,
Tendrill Guy, Flapjack, Corn Guy, The Worm Guys and Robot Squid.

TYPE: REVIEW

                        Copyright 2002 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              905 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   June 10, 1994 Friday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CHARACTER COUNTS;
EVEN FOR SENIOR OFFICIALS

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 298 words


When I began reading Don Kaul's June 5 column ("Someone is killing the great
Democrats," Perspective), I thought he was joking. Then I realized he was
serious and I felt ill.

Kaul's rationalization that Dan Rostenkowski's taking a little over a half a
million dollars over 20 years is just a "modest income supplement" is appalling.
If most taxpayers in America choose to supplement our incomes in the various
ways Rostenkowski has been accused of doing, we would lose our jobs and face
serious jail time. I doubt any column in a newspaper would be devoted to
justifying such actions.

Kaul is concerned that Rostenkowski will come out of all of this a "diminished
figure." If he is proven guilty, he should be a diminished figure. Does it
really further the cause of liberalism to hold a probable crook up as its
symbol? It does not say much for America's future if our standards are this low.

-- Margaret Hager

Palo Alto
* It appears that the supporters of President Clinton and Rep. Rostenkowski have
taken to playing the same one-string political fiddle. They don't care if it
doesn't play Do or Re, as long as it plays Me Me Me.

If the baby-boom generation is the Me generation, then the Democratic Party is
the political party of the Me constituency. The Me constituency doesn't seem to
care how immoral or corrupt their Democratic leaders might be, just as long as
they dance to that Me Me Me tune.

Martin Luther King, in his famous "I have a dream" speech, said he looked
forward to the day when people were judged not by the color of their skin but by
the content of their characters. Whenever you hear people saying, in a multitude
of forms, that character doesn't matter, they are displaying the content of
their character.

-- Robert A. Huckaby

San Jose

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

GRAPHIC: Drawing;
DRAWING: TONY AUTH -- PHILADELPHIA INQUIRER
Chair Man Rostenkowski
940610 ED 8B

                     Copyright 1994 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              906 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Value of America

                         11721 Whittier Blvd. Suite 154
                              Whittier,  CA 90601
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.diminishedvalueofamerica.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Diminished Value of America is the leading vehicle appraisal company in the
United States. Save Money by settling your own Auto Diminished Value Law Claim!

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              907 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          Rhode Island Lawyers Weekly

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

Criminal - Murder - Life sentence

BYLINE: Tom Egan

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 588  words


Where a defendant pleaded guilty to second-degree murder and received a life
sentence, his sentence should not be reduced despite his arguments that (1) he
should only have been sentenced for voluntary manslaughter, which carries a
maximum sentence of 30 years, and (2) the continued imposition of the life
sentence violated the Eighth Amendment to the United States Constitution and
article 1, section 8 of the Rhode Island Constitution.

Manslaughter issue

"Here, defendant contends that he would not have pled guilty to second-degree
murder had he known about the diminished capacity defense and that he ought to
have received a sentence commensurate with voluntary manslaughter, rather than
second-degree murder. As a result, defendant argues, his life sentence is
illegal because it exceeds the thirty-year maximum sentence for voluntary
manslaughter. ... We are not persuaded by defendant's arguments.

"First, defendant's contention that he is entitled to the maximum thirty-year
sentence associated with manslaughter is incorrect. ... The defendant pled
guilty to second-degree murder and, in the process, was fully informed of his
rights, including the right to present the defense of diminished capacity before
a trier of fact; the inexorable fact is that defendant expressly waived each of
said rights.

"Second, defendant's attempt to use a Rule 35 motion as a vehicle to challenge
the merits of his conviction for second-degree murder -- rather than voluntary
manslaughter -- is improper. ... He is statutorily authorized only to challenge
the sentence itself, and life imprisonment is within the purview of Rhode
Island's statute prescribing the penalties for murder. ... Having concluded that
defendant's sentence is not illegal, we perceive no other basis in the record
for reducing his sentence. Accordingly, we hold that there was no error in the
hearing justice's decision to deny the Rule 35 motion. "

Constitutional claims

"In view of defendant's validly entered plea of guilty to second-degree murder,
we reject his contention that his sentence constitutes a violation of the Eighth
Amendment to the United States Constitution or article 1, section 8 of the Rhode
Island Constitution. The defendant's arguments in support of his contention
return to his primary claim on appeal: that he ought to have received a sentence
commensurate with voluntary manslaughter, rather than second-degree murder.
However, in this case, the opportunity to have raised a diminished capacity
defense at trial -- an opportunity defendant expressly waived at his plea
hearing -- does not bear on the constitutionality of the sentence imposed
following defendant's validly entered plea to second-degree murder.

"In sum, given the charge to which the defendant pled guilty in this case and
the statutory authority for the sentence imposed, we hold that the defendant's
life sentence was not grossly disproportionate to the offense he committed,
unduly harsh, or otherwise excessive. The defendant's constitutional arguments
have no merit, and we affirm the Superior Court's resolution of his claims in
that regard. "

State v. Miguel (Lawyers Weekly No. 60-126-14) (8 pages) (Robinson, J.) (R.I.
Supreme Court) Appealed from a judgment entered by Darigan, J., in Superior
Court. Aaron L. Weisman for the state; John S. Miguel, pro se (Docket No.
2010-131-C.A.) (Nov. 10, 2014).

Click here for the full-text opinion.



http://www.rilawyersweekly.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from
this resource.

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              908 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                             April 29, 2012 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

Candidates for probate judge participate in forum

BYLINE: ERIN BLASKO, South Bend Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 1133 words


SOUTH BEND - The candidates for county probate judge - Republican Jim Fox and
Democrats Catherine Andres, Stephen Drendall, Andre Gammage, Mark Kopinski, and
Kevin Sheetz - participated in a forum Saturday at Indiana University South
Bend.

Sponsored by the university, the League of Women Voters, and the St. Joseph
County Bar Association, the 90-minute forum provided voters an opportunity to
meet and evaluate the candidates prior to the May 8 primary.

Following are the answers provided by the candidates to some of the questions
posed by moderator Elizabeth Bennion, associate director of political science at
IUSB and the director of the school's American Democracy Project, during the
event.

Question: What makes a good judge, and what would you hope to accomplish in your
first 100 days as probate judge?

Drendall: Being a judge requires a sophisticated balance of knowledge of the law
and knowledge of people, Drendall said. You have to understand how people live,
he said, and have common sense and understanding. As a certified family court
specialist, and based on his experience in private practice, he possesses both
of those qualities, he said.

Fox: A good judge must be respectful, civil, and compassionate, Fox said. He or
she also must have a wise nature, he said, and an understanding of the law.

Gammage: A good judge has an even temperament and an understanding of the law,
Gammage said. He said this is something he has learned over the years while
serving as an administrative law judge for the city of South Bend. Respect also
is important, he said. "I command respect as a judge, but I also respect the
people that come into the courtroom," he said.

Kopinski: If elected, Kopinski said he would take his cues on how to be a good
judge from the good judges that he has come into contact with as a deputy
prosecutor. He said he would continue to operate the court as it is being
operated now. He would likely not make any personnel changes, he said, but he
might insist on a change in attitude among some court employees.

Sheetz: In the first 30 days, Sheetz said, he would work to establish a
relationship with all court employees based on respect. But more important, he
said, he would seek input from those employees on how best to operate the court,
because "the people on the front lines always have the best ideas," he said.

Andres: A good judge needs to listen and show respect, Andres said. "We have the
law to give us direction," she said, "but we need to listen in order to grasp
what juveniles have gone through, what their families have gone through, and to
get an idea of where they are and how best to guide and assist them."

Question: Describe the leadership role you would play in the community?

Fox: A strong relationship between the probate court, local school corporations,
and local colleges and universities is vital, Fox said. The key, he said, is to
intervene in a child's life before there is a problem, because "a child that is
not supported by its parents is supported by all of us."

Gammage: If elected, Gammage would like to create more mentoring programs for
parents, he said. "Parents create the environment that kids grow up in," he
said, "and if we can improve that environment, it will make it a better place,
and it will make St. Joseph County a better place."

Kopinski: Judges have to be careful about becoming too involved in community
issues, Kopinski said. It is OK for a judge to use his or her position of
authority to comment on issues affecting the community "when necessary," he
said, however "the more you become involved in an issue the less able you are to
rule in an impartial manner."

Sheetz: "We need mentoring programs and input from the community to make St.
Joseph County a better place," Sheetz said. If elected, he said, he would "not
be bashful about going out and asking for help and ideas" about how to improve
the community and the lives of youths.

Andres: Twenty-five percent of children in St. Joseph County are raised in
poverty, Andres said, and though the court "can't necessarily do anything about
that,' it can "provide the security and confidence (those children) need to grow
up and be productive citizens." If elected, she said, she would establish
partnerships between the court and "different community programs" to provide for
the needs of each and every family in the county.

Drendall: To be successful in an age of dwindling state and local resources, the
court needs to build strong, beneficial relationships between it and its
partners, including local police, community centers, local schools, and health
care providers, Drendall said.

Question: Do you believe in the concept of diminished responsibility. Are
children and youth capable of mature adult reasoning? If so, is there any point
to separate juvenile law, and if not, why should the way youths are sentenced
differ based on the seriousness of the crime?

Andres: The latest research, Andres said, shows that the human brain does not
fully develop until the age of 24 or 25. And one of the last areas to develop,
she said, is the frontal lobe, which controls impulse. "So yes," she said, "the
juvenile court is essential as far as I'm concerned. The whole point is to turn
these kids around and get them on the right path."

Drendall: "We absolutely need a separate court," Drendall said. "More and more
research shows a delay in the development of cognitive functions in children and
teens. A young man or women may look mature ... but their mind is not yet
mature."

Fox: "Twenty-five is generally the age at which the brain fully matures," Fox
agreed, "so that does need to be taken into consideration" when determining how
best to adjudicate a juvenile case. However, he said, violent offenders,
regardless of age, need to be incarcerated.

Gammage: "I do think the juvenile court needs to exist," Gammage said. Regarding
diminished capacity, though there are situations in which it should be taken
into consideration, he said, sometimes the crimes committed by juveniles are
"very heinous" in nature, and "I'm not sure those are diminished capacity
situations."

Kopinski: Whether it is necessary to provide for a separate juvenile justice
system depends on whether the state wants to "punish or provide services" to
juvenile offenders, Kopinski said. He supports the latter, he said, and given
diminished capacity, "we've got to look at each developmental stage and decide
what we need to do to help these kids."

Sheetz: "The juvenile court needs to be there," Sheetz said, "and the juvenile
court needs to handle each case individually." However, he said, there are
situations, such as kids dealing drugs to other kids, that warrant
incarceration, regardless of diminished capacity.

Staff writer Erin Blasko: eblasko@sbtinfo.com 574-235-6187

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              909 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                             August 5, 2016 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Trade rumours swirl around McCown

BYLINE: Hayden Grove, The Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 260 words

DATELINE: BEREA, Ohio


Josh McCown knows he might not be in Cleveland much longer.

That hasn't diminished his focus on helping the Browns to get better.

McCown is reportedly a trade target for the Dallas Cowboys, who are looking to
replace recently injured backup quarterback Kellen Moore.

The quarterback has discussed the situation with the Browns' front office and
said that everyone involved is "on the same page."

"I'm aware of it," McCown said of the reported trade rumours. "My job and my
heart is here and doing everything I can to help the Cleveland Browns be good."

Browns coach Hue Jackson said that he didn't have anything to report regarding
the rumours and indicated that the team would be upfront with McCown if any
moves were to be made.

"I would hope that we do that with every player," Jackson said. "We're very
forthcoming. At the end, we're always going to do what's best for us but in
respect to the player."

Moore fractured the fibula in his right leg in practice on Tuesday, leaving a
void behind quarterback Tony Romo. Without the four-time Pro Bowler, the Cowboys
are 1-14 since 2014.

Following the injury to Moore, Dallas reportedly turned its attention to McCown,
who played in eight games and threw for 2,109 yards with 12 touchdowns for the
Browns in 2015. The 37-year-old's season was cut short after he broke his
collarbone in a 33-27 loss to the Baltimore Ravens on Nov. 30.

The veteran is in a competition with Robert Griffin III for the starting job in
Cleveland. Griffin is expected to be selected the starter before Cleveland's
first exhibition game on Aug. 12.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ron Schwane, The Associated Press; Browns QB Josh McCown had 12 TD
passes in eight games last season, but may be traded.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Times Colonist
                              All Rights Reserved


                              910 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            April 21, 2012 Saturday

Governor: Pay More, Get Less

BYLINE: Chris Wetterich State Capitol Bureau, CHRIS.WETTERICH@SJ-R.COM

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1069 words


Public employees in Illinois would pay more for less under a sweeping plan to
change pension benefits Gov. Pat Quinn proposed Friday.

The governor's plan would offer state workers and teachers who were hired before
Jan. 1, 2011 a choice: Accept less-generous benefits or lose your state health
benefits upon retirement. In addition, no raises would count toward pensions if
an employee did not select the new benefit structure.

Under the governor's proposal - released in the form of a statement, not a bill
- public employees would have to pay 3 percentage points more for their pensions
and would receive reduced and delayed annual cost-of-living-increases after
retirement. Some would not be eligible for full retirement benefits until age
67.

The plan will not affect public workers who are already retired, Quinn said.

The governor was grandiose in announcing his plan, calling it a "bold step."

"I was put on Earth to get this done," Quinn told reporters in Chicago, where he
made the announcement. "I did not create the problems, but I am here to solve
those problems."

Denounced by unions A coalition of union groups denounced the plan, calling it
an unconstitutional and illegal cut in benefits.

"By appearing to endorse these unfair and unconstitutional cuts, the governor
has made the process of finding common ground much more difficult," AFLCIO
president Michael Carrigan said in a statement. "Forcing public servants to
choose between two sharply diminished pension plans is no choice at all. It is a
clearly illegal attempt to solve the problem caused by past governors and the
legislature solely on the backs of teachers, caregivers and other public
workers."

Carrigan spoke for the We Are One Illinois Coalition, which includes the
American Federation of State, County and Municipal Employees, the Illinois
Federation of Teachers, the Illinois Education Association, Service Employees
International Union and other labor groups.

Senate President John Cullerton, D-Chicago, indicated that the way the proposal
was set up is sound, but stopped short of saying it is constitutional. Of the
four legislative leaders, Cullerton has been the most vocal about saying that
any solution to the state's $83 billion in un-funded pension obligations needs
comply with the state constitution.

The constitution says pension benefits are a contract between state and local
governments and public employees, and they "shall not be diminished or
impaired."

"Cullerton is pleased that the governor's proposal embraces the legal framework
that will allow the state to control pension costs in a constitutional way,"
said spokeswoman Rikeesha Phelon in a statement.

House Speaker Michael Madigan's spokesman declined to weigh in on the
constitutional question, predict whether the plan could pass or say what
modifications would be made it the House.

"Describing the constitutionality isn't the job of the legislature," said
spokesman Steve Brown. "We're going to worry about trying to find a majority to
pass legislation that will produce some relief on the cost of public employee
pensions."

Up to $85 billion in savings Quinn estimated that his plan would save $65
billion to $85 billion out of roughly $310 billion in current, future and
past-due pension costs and bring the state up to 100 percent funding of its
systems by 2042. Current state law calls for the plans to be up to 90 percent
funding by 2045.

However, it is unclear whether the governor plans to take the savings in the
early years, as a 1995 pension funding plan did, and ramp up payments later. The
1995 plan has ham-strung state government over the last decade by jacking up
payments.

"The annual contribution will be calculated and certified each year by the
actuaries according to the new funding schedule," said Quinn spokeswoman Brooke
Anderson. "The big savings would be realized over time."

Action is critical, Quinn said, because the state will face a downgrade in its
bond rating if it does not act.

The governor also wants to gradually shift the responsibility for funding
teacher and university employee pensions to local school districts and state
universities, but it's unclear how fast he thinks that could happen.

'Bold plan'

The two Republican legislative leaders praised the plan, except for the cost
shift.

"There are some outstanding components," said Senate Minority Leader Christine
Radogno, RLemont. "I think this is a bold plan. We will probably put votes on
it."

House Minority Leader Tom Cross, R-Oswego, warned that shifting costs to school
districts and universities will result in a $1 billion property tax increase
statewide.

The governor had convened a working group led by budget director Jerry Stermer
to make pension recommendations. That group has not yet come to a consensus but
still might, according to the governor's office.

One working group member, state Sen. Bill Brady, R-Bloomington, criticized the
governor for coming out with his plan before the group finished.

"It is disconcerting that Governor Quinn has suddenly abandoned the bipartisan
approach and rolled out his own plan," Brady said in a statement. "It runs
completely counter to his original goal."

Brady, who represents part of Sangamon County, said he supports adjusting the
COLAs and increasing employee contributions but opposes raising the retirement
age.

TRS analysis Teachers' Retirement System executive director Richard Ingram said
TRS has to analyze the proposal to see if it will generate the savings
predicted.

A major factor in determining the savings, he said, is how many employees will
make the choice Quinn wants them to make. He noted that teacher retirees are
different from state employee retirees because they have to pay for their
post-retirement health care while 90 percent of retired state employees do not.
TRS is the largest state pension system.

Ingram, who recently wrote a memo urging the repeal of the current pension
funding law, praised Quinn's embrace of a 30-year funding plan, which is
standard actuarial practice. But one difficulty faced by the retirement systems
is advising their members whether to opt into the new system or to stick with
what they've got, he added.

The choice would be "a more individualized, where-are-you-in-life financial
decision that would not be one to be made lightly," Ingram said.

Chris Wetterich can be reached at 788-1523. Staff writer David Thomas
contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              911 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 17, 1991, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Q&A

SECTION: Section C; Page 2; Column 5; Science Desk

LENGTH: 308 words



Biological Clock

Q.  Is there any way to tell how close a woman is to menopause?

A.  There is a test to determine if a woman has diminished follicle reserves so
that she is unlikely to become pregnant, said Dr. Zev Rosenwaks, professor of
obstetrics and gynecology and director of the Center for Reproductive Medicine
and Infertility at New York Hospital-Cornell Medical Center.

The ovaries have a lifetime supply of follicles that ripen into eggs that can be
fertilized to produce pregnancy. The test is for elevated blood levels of
follicle-stimulating hormone, or FSH, Dr. Rosenwaks said.

Menopause may be defined as a level higher than 40 milli-international units per
milliliter of blood, he said. With elevated levels that are below that, "the
woman may still be menstruating, and may do so for 10 years," Dr. Rosenwaks
said. "She is not menopausal and still has eggs, but has diminished follicle
reserves."

There is a complex and sensitive hormonal feedback between the pituitary gland,
which produces FSH, and the ovaries, Dr. Rosenwaks said. When estrogen from the
ovaries is low, the pituitary senses it and raises FSH levels in an effort to
push the ovary to produce more estrogen and develop follicles, he explained.

"The fewer the follicles, the less estrogen, and the higher and higher the FSH,"
he said. "Menopause is ovarian failure, so the closer to menopause, the higher
the FSH."

"In a woman around 40, in the first part of her menstrual cycle, if the FSH
level is 10 M.I.U., or perhaps 20 or above, if the ovaries are stimulated, you
usually don't get pregnancy," he said. "If it is greater than 25, there is an
almost negligible rate of pregnancy."

Readers are invited to submit questions about science to Questions, Science
Times, The New York Times, 229 West 43d Street, New York, N.Y. 10036.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: September 19, 1991, Thursday

CORRECTION:

A brief report about menopause in the Q&A column of Science Times on Tuesday
incorrectly rendered an explanation by Dr. Zev Rosenwaks about the blood levels
of follicle- stimulating hormone at which conception may be impaired. Levels at
or over 20 milli-international units per milliliter suggest a woman may have
difficulty achieving pregnancy through in vitro fertilization.


TYPE: Question

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              912 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 18, 1993, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Big labor gets 'wake-up call' / Unions see 'ability to regenerate'

BYLINE: Richard Wolf

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 725 words


His dad was a copper miner, his mom was a steelworker. He began as an
autoworker, rising to shop steward and eventually international union organizer.

During his decade in Congress, Rep. Esteban Torres has voted dependably for the
union label that has been his lifeblood. Never has his AFL-CIO rating sunk below
92%. In six of 10 years, it's been 100%.

So when the 63-year-old California Democrat voted Wednesday for a North American
Free Trade Agreement vehemently opposed by most union workers, joining dozens of
other usually reliable pro-labor lawmakers, it marked a turning point in the
history of organized labor.

Like the month of March, labor entered the trade debate as a much-feared lion
and came away looking like a lamb. Its strength, at least in numbers, has been
diminished.

"This is a wake-up call for the American labor movement," says Torres. "This is
an issue of this country and of the future, and what it means to the next
generation."

After months of grass-roots organizing, legislative lobbying and a $ 3.25
million advertising campaign, Big Labor came up short Wednesday in its most
critical test of 1993. Today the obituaries begin.

"The union movement's clout has diminished," says Tom Korologos, a veteran
lobbyist on Capitol Hill. "You can see it down here in the stuff they can't
pass."

You can see it, too, in the membership of some of the nation's largest unions.
There are 421,000 steelworkers today, down from 1.1 million in 1975. The ladies'
garment workers union is down from 363,000 to 133,000. Machinists and aerospace
workers number 474,000, down from 780,000. Carpenters and joiners are down from
700,000 to 408,000.

But among Democrats who stuck with labor on NAFTA and those who deserted ship,
the betting is that reports of the movement's death as a force in Washington are
premature.

"If legislative losses were going to permanently damage organized labor, it
would have been gone a long time ago," says Rep. Pat Williams, D-Mont., chairman
of a House labor panel. "It's not one giant oak tree. It's a forest, with a lot
of ability to regenerate itself."

Labor's loss this time can be attributed to several factors, including NAFTA's
growing popularity among the public and politicians alike:

President Clinton gave lawmakers cover with organized labor by criticizing what
he called its "roughshod, muscle-bound tactics" last week.

The White House cut dozens of last-minute deals to sway dozens of lawmakers. "If
this agreement had stayed in original form . . . we would have won," says Robert
McGlotten, AFL-CIO legislative director.

Union officials angered lawmakers by threatening to withhold support next year.

"Some members and leaders of labor crossed the line, went way too far in their
tactics," says Rep. Thomas Andrews, D-Maine. "This issue should be debated and
rise and fall on the basis of the merits, not on the basis of threats."

Andrews, like many pro-labor lawmakers, voted against NAFTA. But he also swore
off future contributions from labor, which gave him more than $ 200,000,
one-fourth of his total war chest, in 1991-92.

One of the biggest surprises Wednesday was the number of Democrats who took
labor's dough but didn't vote "no."

Democratic Reps. Steny Hoyer of Maryland, Thomas Sawyer of Ohio and Nancy Pelosi
of California were just a few of the lawmakers threatened by labor with a loss
of support. All voted for the trade deal, angering union officials.

"They are deeply disappointed," says Rep. Nita Lowey, D-N.Y., another surprise
NAFTA supporter, who raked in nearly $ 150,000 from labor in 1991-92. "They
passionately argued their point of view, but there will be many battles ahead."

And, presumably, many financial contributions. In the last election cycle, labor
gave $ 43 million to House and Senate candidates.

The biggest recipient - Sen. Harris Wofford, D-Pa., a former state labor
secretary who got more than $ 450,000 from labor in 1991 - predicts a quick
comeback. "Scars last a while," he says, "but labor's in it for the long march."

Union membership declining

The percentage of the work force belonging to labor unions has declined since
the 1960s. Union membership and their percentage of the U.S. work force:

Union members (Millions)
'90      16.5

Percent of work force
'90      16.1%

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Source: Bureau of Labor Statistics, USA TODAY research
(Line graph); PHOTO, b/w

THE NAFTA VOTE; See main story; 01A; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1993 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              913 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Fed's more upbeat tone suggests rate hike as early as September

BYLINE:  Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 228 words


WASHINGTON - The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that near-term risks to the U.S.
economy have diminished, reviving the prospect that it will resume raising
interest rates as soon as September.

The Fed noted that the U.S. job market has rebounded, with robust hiring in June
after a deep slump in May.

At the same time, the Fed said in a statement after its latest policy meeting
that it plans to closely monitor global economic threats and financial
developments to ensure that they don't slow the economy.

The Fed seemed to be referring in particular to Britain's vote last month to
leave the European Union - a move that poses risks to the rest of Europe and to
the global economy.

The central bank gave no specific timetable for when it might resume the rate
increases it began in December, when it raised its benchmark rate from a record
low.

But some analysts who had doubted that the Fed would be ready to raise rates as
soon as September said Wednesday's statement appeared to revive that
possibility.

"The Fed is saying that near-term risks have diminished, so that certainly puts
September back in play," said Brian Bethune, an economics professor at Tufts
University.

Bethune said he still thought the Fed would wait until December before raising
rates but that a September move was possible if hiring remains strong and the
global economy and markets remain stable.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  In this Wednesday, June 22, 2016, file photo, Federal Reserve Chair
Janet Yellen testifies on Capitol Hill in Washington, before the House Financial
Services Committee hearing on U.S. monetary policy. (AP Photo/Manuel Balce
Ceneta, File)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              914 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             April 17, 2009 Friday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Letters: The facts about malpractice lawsuits

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Inq Opinion & Editorial; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 250 words


Newt Gingrich and Wayne Oliver operate in the dark when it comes to the current
state of medical malpractice litigation in Pennsylvania ("Toward a healthier
economy," commentary, April 7). They recklessly espouse an overhaul of the civil
justice system, to the great detriment of injured victims, and incredibly
contend that such an overhaul will cure the current economic crisis.It is
regrettable that Gingrich and Oliver didn't take the time to carefully examine
the facts, for if they did they would have learned the following about
Pennsylvania:Medical malpractice lawsuit fillings have declined by more than 40
percent. Jury verdict amounts have also declined.The Pennsylvania Supreme Court
has instituted rules that require that an attorney representing a plaintiff
obtain certification from an independent medical expert that there is a genuine
question of malpractice.A lawsuit can proceed only in the county where the
medical care was rendered.The number of physicians has risen rather than
diminished.The cost for professional liability insurance in Pennsylvania has
diminished rather than risen.And the American Tort Reform Foundation, the
nation's most- recognized tort-reform propaganda outfit, has cited Pennsylvania
as a "point of light" for its decline in medical malpractice lawsuits and
physicians' insurance premiums.Gingrich and Oliver ignore the real issue, which
is attaining safe, accessible, affordable health care.Michael F.
BarrettPresidentPhiladelphia Trial Lawyers Association

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              915 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             August 12, 2007 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

Is Encarnacion a good fit?

BYLINE: By Derrick Goold ST. LOUIS POST-DISPATCH

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 516 words


Manager Tony La Russa expects to put Juan Encarnacion in the starting lineup for
Sunday's game against the Dodgers, which may calm Encarnacion's concerns about
diminished playing time but won't convince him of his future as a Cardinal.

Encarnacion didn't appear through three games of the Rick Ankiel experience,
yielding right field to the converted pitcher. Ankiel hit two home runs
Saturday, and he has three in three games. Encarnacion said he doesn't want to
jump to conclusions even if he can read the trend.

"It's something that I know at some point it will be clear what their plan is
and I should give it a few more days," Encarnacion said. "If they don't need my
services, then maybe they can find me some other place I can be. There has to be
a need for me somewhere."

The Cardinals have been attempting to find a deal for Encarnacion, 31. After
missing the first month of the season recovering from wrist surgery, the right
fielder has pushed his average to .290, hitting .333 since the All-Star break.
His 43 RBIs are the fourth-most on the team.

Yet, he may finish the season in something short of a platoon.

La Russa met with Encarnacion before Friday's game to discuss the diminished
playing time. La Russa acknowledged that a player rarely agrees with his
explanation "when the playing time is not as much as he wants." The short
answer, La Russa said, is that Encarnacion does not always fit in what the
manager believes is that day's best lineup.

"We're playing for our life, and we're putting the best team out there," La
Russa said. "That's our responsibility. There are parts of the game he can play
better."

Encarnacion signed a three-year, $15 million deal shortly before Christmas 2005.
In nearly two seasons as a Cardinal he has been as-advertised - a steady run
producer and a complementary bat. He also has frustrated with lapses in play. He
didn't slide on a steal in Florida last month, running the Cardinals out of an
inning. He let a routine ball skip by him Wednesday, and it produced a run for
San Diego.

But he's just as apt to crack a double - as he did to tie the score in his
at-bat immediately after his error.

With Ankiel's promotion, the Cardinals have six outfielders on the roster. La
Russa said Ankiel is not rooted to right field and can play either center or
left; the manager added that Encarnacion could snag playing time in center or
right field. The catch is left fielder Chris Duncan is second on the team in
RBIs and home runs, center fielder Jim Edmonds is playing his best ball of the
season and Ankiel is ... Ankiel.

A two-time World Series winner, Encarnacion has one year remaining on his
contract, which will pay him $6.5 million. While declining to talk specifically
about Encarnacion, Cardinals assistant general manager John Mozeliak said:
"Teams with postseason aspirations don't often look to acquire a player of that
ilk. That player maybe has more value in the offseason."

Encarnacion said he feels he has done everything the club has asked of him and
isn't fazed by doing so now. He just wants to see whether this is a temporary
displacement.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  CARDINALS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - The emergence of Rick Ankiel has come at the expense of Juan
Encarnacion (above). Ankiel has three homers in  three games since his call-up.
Chris Lee | Post-Dispatch

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              916 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

The PSB must judge Entergy by its renegade actions

BYLINE: By JOHN GREENBERG

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 784 words


Friday March 23, 2012

Defiance of a duly constituted governmental authority clearly falls outside of
any defensible conception of the "general good of the state." In fact, the only
acceptable response to this behavior is outrage.

Just days after appearing before the Board, Entergy openly declared to Judge
Murtha: "In the event that the PSB ultimately disagrees, Plaintiffs will be
forced either to cease operating or, if they defy the PSB by continuing to
operate, to face the prospect of a diminished credit rating, a loss of crucial
employees, and a demerit in the PSB's consideration of Plaintiffs' petition for
a new CPG."

Entergy's insolence is glaring. Not ashamed about violating its basic social
contracts, the company's first concern is that its defiance might entail higher
borrowing costs (the likely consequence of a "diminished credit rating"). This
is the corporate equivalent of a Mafioso's: "I'd shoot ya, but I don't want your
blood on this here new suit."

Were this an isolated instance, one might overlook it. Alas, no. It is the most
recent statement of a company which, since coming to Vermont, has repeatedly
proven that its sworn word means nothing.

In 2002, as part of the purchase of Vermont Yankee, Entergy signed an MOU
stating, among other things: "Each of ... ENVY and ENO expressly and irrevocably
agrees: (a) that the Board has jurisdiction ... to grant or deny approval of
operation of the VYNPS beyond March 21, 2012 and (b) to waive any claim each may
have that federal law preempts the jurisdiction of the Board to take the actions
and impose the conditions agreed upon in this paragraph to renew, amend or
extend the ENVY CPG and ENO CPG to allow operation of the VYNPS after March 21,
2012, or to decline to so renew, amend or extend."

The MOU also expressly states in paragraph 16 (1): "This Memorandum of
Understanding is governed by Vermont law and any disputes under this Memorandum
of Understanding shall be decided by the Board."

Yet, on April 18, 2011, Entergy filed a complaint in federal court which states:
"ENVY and ENOI respectfully pray that this court: A. Issue a declaratory
judgment ... that federal law preempts the Defendants from requiring ENVY and/or
ENOI to receive legislative OR REGULATORY APPROVAL OF A CPG in order to operate
..."

Since then, Entergy has repeatedly changed its position vis-à-vis the Board's
authority as convenience and circumstance dictate. Entergy's verbal pas de deux
hoodwinked Judge Murtha. Obviously neglecting the plain language I just quoted,
Murtha declared: "Entergy's suit does not maintain that the resting of
jurisdiction in the Board to grant or deny a CPG for continued operation is
preempted."

If Entergy had any respect for its own word or for the rule of law, it would
have presented whatever case it thought it had and resolved this controversy in
the appropriate venue: namely, before the Public Service Board, as required by
the explicit terms of the MOU. Instead, Entergy took it upon itself effectively
to decide its own case against the state in absentia, blaming the legislature
for breach of contract. Having thus absolved itself from any further obligation
under the MOU, Entergy petitioned the federal court as though it had never
agreed that "any disputes under this Memorandum" were to be "decided by the
Board."

This is renegade behavior by an outlaw organization, not a corporate citizen
acting in the "public good." Clearly, Entergy is out of compliance with its MOU.
This issue remains unresolved and deserves the Board's attention.

Between these two bookends, there is the equally appalling instance of two
high-ranking ENVY officials presenting patently false testimony to the Board,
and then leaving the record tainted until they were caught in the act by leaks
in the pipes they swore under oath did not exist. Further examples of Entergy's
patently unconscionable behavior are provided in NEC's brief and in the State's
federal court filings, so there is no need to repeat them here.

Just as we give no quarter to the bullying and self-serving behavior of
criminals, so too we should give none to a corporate bully demanding permission
to operate in our State, while threatening to ignore its laws.

It's time for the Board to say clearly, but simply: enough. We will not tolerate
an enterprise which breaks its word, lies under oath, and threatens to defy the
legitimate authority of the State.

The Board should flatly deny Entergy any of the permits it is seeking, and given
the reasons enumerated, it clearly has unpreempted authority to do so.

John Greenberg owns and operates The Bear Bookshop in Marlboro, and has studied
the long-term implications of the operation of Yankee for nearly 25 years.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              917 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

The PSB must judge Entergy by its renegade actions

BYLINE: By JOHN GREENBERG

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 785 words


Wednesday March 21, 2012

Defiance of a duly constituted governmental authority clearly falls outside of
any defensible conception of the "general good of the state." In fact, the only
acceptable response to this behavior is outrage.

Just days after appearing before the Board, Entergy openly declared to Judge
Murtha: "In the event that the PSB ultimately disagrees, Plaintiffs will be
forced either to cease operating or, if they defy the PSB by continuing to
operate, to face the prospect of a diminished credit rating, a loss of crucial
employees, and a demerit in the PSB's consideration of Plaintiffs' petition for
a new CPG."

Entergy's insolence is glaring. Not ashamed about violating its basic social
contracts, the company's first concern is that its defiance might entail higher
borrowing costs (the likely consequence of a "diminished credit rating"). This
is the corporate equivalent of a Mafioso's: "I'd shoot ya, but I don't want your
blood on this here new suit."

Were this an isolated instance, one might overlook it. Alas, no. It is the most
recent statement of a company which, since coming to Vermont, has repeatedly
proven that its sworn word means nothing.

In 2002, as part of the purchase of Vermont Yankee, Entergy signed an MOU
stating, among other things: "Each of ... ENVY and ENO expressly and irrevocably
agrees: (a) that the Board has jurisdiction ... to grant or deny approval of
operation of the VYNPS beyond March 21, 2012 and (b) to waive any claim each may
have that federal law preempts the jurisdiction of the Board to take the actions
and impose the conditions agreed upon in this paragraph to renew, amend or
extend the ENVY CPG and ENO CPG to allow operation of the VYNPS after March 21,
2012, or to decline to so renew, amend or extend."

The MOU also expressly states in paragraph 16 (1): "This Memorandum of
Understanding is governed by Vermont law and any disputes under this Memorandum
of Understanding shall be decided by the Board."

Yet, on April 18, 2011, Entergy filed a complaint in federal court which states:
"ENVY and ENOI respectfully pray that this court: A. Issue a declaratory
judgment ... that c federal law preempts the Defendants from requiring ENVY
and/or ENOI to receive legislative OR REGULATORY APPROVAL OF A CPG in order to
operate ..."

Since then, Entergy has repeatedly changed its position vis-à-vis the Board's
authority as convenience and circumstance dictate. Entergy's verbal pas de deux
hoodwinked Judge Murtha. Obviously neglecting the plain language I just quoted,
Murtha declared: "Entergy's suit does not maintain that the resting of
jurisdiction in the Board to grant or deny a CPG for continued operation is
preempted."

If Entergy had any respect for its own word or for the rule of law, it would
have presented whatever case it thought it had and resolved this controversy in
the appropriate venue: namely, before the Public Service Board, as required by
the explicit terms of the MOU. Instead, Entergy took it upon itself effectively
to decide its own case against the state in absentia, blaming the legislature
for breach of contract. Having thus absolved itself from any further obligation
under the MOU, Entergy petitioned the federal court as though it had never
agreed that "any disputes under this Memorandum" were to be "decided by the
Board."

This is renegade behavior by an outlaw organization, not a corporate citizen
acting in the "public good." Clearly, Entergy is out of compliance with its MOU.
This issue remains unresolved and deserves the Board's attention.

Between these two bookends, there is the equally appalling instance of two
high-ranking ENVY officials presenting patently false testimony to the Board,
and then leaving the record tainted until they were caught in the act by leaks
in the pipes they swore under oath did not exist. Further examples of Entergy's
patently unconscionable behavior are provided in NEC's brief and in the State's
federal court filings, so there is no need to repeat them here.

Just as we give no quarter to the bullying and self-serving behavior of
criminals, so too we should give none to a corporate bully demanding permission
to operate in our State, while threatening to ignore its laws.

It's time for the Board to say clearly, but simply: enough. We will not tolerate
an enterprise which breaks its word, lies under oath, and threatens to defy the
legitimate authority of the State.

The Board should flatly deny Entergy any of the permits it is seeking, and given
the reasons enumerated, it clearly has unpreempted authority to do so.

John Greenberg owns and operates The Bear Bookshop in Marlboro, and has studied
the long-term implications of the operation of Yankee for nearly 25 years.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              918 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                            July 27, 2016 Wednesday

Soft global markets;
Caterpillar warns of more layoffs Reports diminished sales in 2nd quarter

BYLINE: Matt Buedel GateHouse Media Illinois

SECTION: IL NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 378 words


PEORIA -- Caterpillar Inc. once again announced diminished sales for the second
quarter and pointed to soft global markets and political turmoil as reasons for
a dim outlook for the remainder of the year.

The company's second-quarter report also indicated additional layoffs are
expected in the second half of 2016.

Second-quarter sales were down 16 percent compared to 2015 -- to $10.3 billion
from $12.3 billion, according to a Tuesday release detailing the earnings
report.

The company announced a second-quarter profit per share of 93 cents, down from
$1.31 per share in the second quarter of 2015.

"Our goal when sales decrease is to lower costs so the decline in operating
profit is no more than 25 to 30 percent of the decline in sales and revenues,"
said Caterpillar Chairman and CEO Doug Oberhelman. "For the quarter, our
decremental operating profit pull-through was better than our target range."

The company made a downward revision of its 2016 outlook when first-quarter
sales results were released, with an annual sales range of $40 billion to $42
billion. The most recent report noted that sales likely will be on the lower end
of the forecast -- between $40 billion and $40.5 billion.

Caterpillar specifically cited the Brexit vote and turmoil in Turkey as factors
of global uncertainty that added to already-subdued world economic growth. The
company noted commodity prices have stabilized, but at low levels.

The largest manufacturer of earth-moving equipment also revised its
restructuring costs and predicted more layoffs in the second half of 2016. Last
fall, the company announced a major restructuring that called for up to 10,000
white-collar positions to be cut.

The second-quarter report forecast restructuring costs to be about $700 million,
or 80 cents per share, up from the previous prediction of $550 million.

"Despite a solid second quarter, we're cautious as we enter the second half of
the year. We're not expecting an upturn in important industries like mining, oil
and gas and rail to happen this year," Oberhelman said. "We're continuing
significant restructuring plans, which are designed to bring our cost structure
more in line with demand while maintaining our capability to quickly serve our
customers when our business recovers."

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              919 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Journal of Commerce Online

                              May 14, 2010 Friday

Savannah Uses Green Technology to Maintain Depth;
Hydraulic motors suspend silt, reduce need for dredging at four berths

BYLINE: PETER T. LEACH

SECTION: MARITIME; Pg. WP

LENGTH: 340  words


The Port of Savannah is using a modified silt suspension system to maintain a
depth of 48 feet at four of its Garden City Terminal berths and to increase
oxygen levels in the river.

The Georgia Ports Authority, which faces environmental resistance to the
Savannah Harbor Expansion Project to dredge the Savannah River to a depth of 48
feet from its present 42 feet, announced the new environmentally friendly
suspension system Friday.

GPA Executive Director Curtis J. Foltz said the Garden City Terminal already
offers 48 feet at four of its berths, which allows Savannah to accommodate
post-Panamax ships today.

While the Savannah Harbor Expansion Project is essential to the Port of Savannah
s future growth, maintaining 48 feet at berth enables the GPA to accommodate
larger vessels, which are beginning to call on East Coast ports in anticipation
of the Panama Canal Expansion,  Foltz said.

The GPA now has a silt suspension system consisting of 15 units online at Garden
City Terminal, which substantially reduce the need for maintenance dredging at
the berths.

The computer-controlled system produces a low-velocity flow that works in tandem
with passing tidal currents to keep water moving near the berth, resulting in
reduced siltation. The silt suspension units use hydraulic motors driven by
vegetable oil.

The new air-injection system is a combination of two technologies,  said GPA s
Senior Director of Engineering and Facilities Maintenance Wilson Tillotson.  It
uses silt suspension to disperse natural sediment into the river and assists
with the absorption of oxygen into the water.

The modified silt suspension unit in Berth 9 injects oxygen into the marine
environment.

The GPA said that by gently introducing air into the river, dissolved oxygen is
added into the water and protects aquatic life from potential diminished oxygen
levels.

The new air-injecting unit operates from May through October, when the dissolved
oxygen levels are naturally diminished in the Savannah River.

-- <i>Contact Peter T. Leach at pleach@joc.com.</i>

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: EDW


                   Copyright 2010 Commonwealth Business Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              920 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Obama tries to recapture magic of his campaign;
But as midterm election approaches, Democrats see a diminished force

BYLINE: BY SHERYL GAY STOLBERG

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1059 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

ABSTRACT

But as the midterm election approaches, Democrats see a White House political
operation that is not nearly as efficient or focused as the well-oiled machine
that carried him to the presidency.

FULL TEXT

With his political value diminished and control of Congress on the line,
President Barack Obama is trying to recapture the magic of the final, heady days
of the election campaign that brought him to the White House.

When he steps onto Library Mall at the University of Wisconsin at Madison on
Tuesday for an old-fashioned get-out-the-vote rally, it will mark a return to
campaign mode at a campus where more than 17,000 people turned out to see him
two years ago.

But whatever reception he gets, the public face of Mr. Obama's campaigning masks
a White House political operation that some Democrats say is not nearly as
efficient or focused as the well-oiled machine that carried him to the
presidency.

There have been tensions with congressional Democrats over whether Mr. Obama is
more interested in advancing his legislative agenda than protecting Democrats,
though party leaders say the White House has begun to come around. There have
been stumbles, not least of all the failure to forecast the Tea Party movement's
fury over health care last year, and the missed signals that took the Republican
Scott Brown from Massachusetts to the U.S. Senate.

Now, with it looking increasingly likely that Democrats will lose control of the
House of Representatives in the Nov. 2 elections, and with the Senate in play as
well, the Obama White House lacks a single, strong dominating figure who is
devoted to helping Democrats win the election. It has no Democratic version of
Karl Rove, who held a tight rein over Republican Party politics from the White
House of George W. Bush.

Of course, with unemployment stuck above 9 percent, a fragile economic recovery
and polls showing independent voters fleeing to the Republican Party, the
president has bigger troubles than the inner workings of his political shop.

Still, the lack of single-minded attention at the very top of the White House is
clearly hurting the effort.

The White House official with the strongest credentials to run a congressional
midterm election - Rahm Emanuel, who led the return of Democrats to power on
Capitol Hill in 2006 as chairman of the Democratic Congressional Campaign
Committee - is wrapped up with his own deliberations about whether to run for
mayor of Chicago. Even before that, he was busy managing everything from Middle
East policy to legislative affairs in his job as White House chief of staff.

Tellingly, Mr. Emanuel has outsourced direct oversight of the White House
political shop to his deputy, Jim Messina. But party leaders say that when they
make requests for the president's time - like whether he will attend a
particular fund-raiser - nothing happens until Mr. Emanuel signs off.

Mr. Obama himself does not get regular political briefings the way he does, say,
on the economy or the war in Afghanistan. Instead, Mr. Messina updates the
president during the morning meeting with senior advisers.

Mr. Obama is not a natural consumer of political trivia like some past
presidents, according to Dan Pfeiffer, the White House communications director.
''He has too much on his plate to focus on politics full time,'' Mr. Pfeiffer
said.

Inside the White House, strategy is guided by a diffuse collection of advisers.
They include marquee names like David Axelrod, the White House senior adviser
and Mr. Obama's longtime political guru; Joel Benenson, Mr. Obama's pollster;
and David Plouffe, who ran the 2008 presidential campaign.

Mr. Plouffe came up with the idea for the Tuesday event in Madison, one of four
old-fashioned political rallies that will take the president to Pennsylvania,
Ohio and Nevada before Election Day.

At the helm are two operatives: Mr. Messina, whose deep ties to the Senate have
taken him to Nevada to help oversee the campaign operation of the endangered
Democratic leader, Harry Reid; and Patrick Gaspard, the soft-spoken political
director, whose roots are in union organizing and politics in New York.

Frustrations between the White House and congressional Democrats boiled over
during the summer when Robert Gibbs, the White House press secretary, infuriated
party leaders by suggesting that they might lose control of the House. Not long
afterward, Representative Chris Van Hollen of Maryland, chairman of the
Democratic Congressional Campaign Committee, paid Mr. Emanuel a visit.

''We laid out very clearly the way we wanted the president to be engaged, both
operationally as well as in terms of the message, and they have been very
responsive,'' Mr. Van Hollen said.

J.B. Poersch, executive director of the Democratic Senatorial Campaign
Committee, said the Obama political team had ''weathered stormy times'' but was
''trying to be helpful.''

The challenge at the moment is how to get out the vote in Wisconsin and other
battleground states; Mr. Van Hollen called the Tuesday rally ''a great
experiment'' for both Mr. Obama and his team.

''We know that first-voters are difficult to bring out in midterm elections, and
this will be a test of the White House's ability to motivate those voters,'' he
said. ''The message is simple: Even though Barack Obama's name is not on the
ballot, the future success of his agenda and his presidency is at stake.''

Opinion polls describe a particularly angry electorate, with many of the
independents who once favored Mr. Obama now leaning Republican. Mr. Obama's
effort this week to re-energize young voters so late in the campaign amounts to
a high-stakes gamble on an unpredictable group.

In a conference call Monday with college-student journalists, Mr. Obama quickly
delivered his central message.

''You can't suddenly just check in every 10 years or so on an exciting
presidential election and not pay attention'' when midterm elections approach,
he said. ''I hope that everybody starts paying attention these last five
weeks.''

In 2008, the young were among Mr. Obama's most important supporters. More 18- to
29-year-olds went to the polls that year than in any election since 1972, the
first at which 18-year-olds were allowed to vote. About two-thirds of those in
that age group voted for Mr. Obama.

Two costly wars, endless partisan battles and a financial crisis later, many
have lost their enthusiasm.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              921 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    SEPTEMBER 23, 1998 Wednesday SF EDITION

TO HISTORIANS, UNPARALLELED MESS / IT HAS DIMINISHED PUBLIC RESPECT FOR THE
PRESIDENCY, THEY SAY. AND THEY BLAME BOTH CLINTON AND STARR.

BYLINE: Mark Bowden, INQUIRER STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A16

LENGTH: 1099 words


Whatever their opinions of Bill Clinton, historians and scholars of the
presidency are watching with alarm the spectacle of a U.S. president being
dragged down by what they see as a minor episode.

"When you have a totally unrestricted special prosecutor, an office with
unlimited time and funds, they could come up with something on anybody," said
Bert Rockman, a presidential scholar at the University of Pittsburgh. "These
guys [members of independent counsel Kenneth W. Starr's office] didn't just push
the envelope, they've reinvented the whole process of investigating a
president."

"We cannot continue to conduct these permanent ongoing inquisitions of the
president," said George Edwards 3d, director of the Center for Presidential
Studies at Texas A&M University. "Good people will not run for the office
knowing what is in store. Who can withstand that kind of ongoing scrutiny?
Placing limits on a special prosecutor is not going to be an easy thing, but one
lesson of this Lewinsky episode is that there needs to be some restrictions."

Scholars said the spectacle in the nation's capital, as Congress begins deciding
whether to impeach the President, had severely diminished public respect for the
office and for government. Clinton and Starr share responsibility for the mess,
they said: The President is guilty of carrying on a seamy extramarital dalliance
in the White House and then using every means at his disposal to avoid its
exposure. Starr is guilty, some said, of a near-reckless urge to bring down the
President.

"There's no question this case has damaged not just Bill Clinton, but the office
of the president and the nation," Rockman said. "And for what? Compared to the
offenses uncovered in the Nixon White House by Watergate, or to Iran-contra,
where the president's staff took action in direct contradiction to a law newly
enacted by Congress to stop them, this Lewinsky business is trivial."

While damage to the presidency is unlikely to be permanent, the scholars said,
the Lewinsky scandal will almost certainly create serious problems for Clinton's
successors.

"This whole episode is so awful I don't even want to talk about it," said Bruce
Kuklick, a history professor at the University of Pennsylvania.

Despite their revulsion for the specifics of the scandal, all of the scholars
interviewed said they were hooked by it.

"I think Bill Clinton is not doing his successors any favors," Edwards said. "He
is damaging the office in a couple of areas. First, by pushing all questions of
privacy as far as he possibly can in court, he's going to make it difficult for
his successors to get candid advice. Who is going to give the president candid
advice if they have to be afraid of being hauled before a grand jury down the
road? Secondly, by battling out all of these issues, it's having the effect of
forcing all the boundaries of the office to become literally defined, sucking
all the ambiguity out of the institution. Where there's ambiguity there's room
for compromise and negotiation with Congress, which gives everybody a little bit
of maneuvering room.

"Thirdly, this whole episode, I'm afraid, is deepening cynicism about the
presidency and the rule of law. Franklin Delano Roosevelt said the presidency is
primarily a place of moral leadership, and by that I don't mean the president
needs to be a Boy Scout, but that you lead from the White House by taking
principled stands on the great issues of the day.

. . . To provide leadership on an issue like that requires trust. It's difficult
to lead in the best of times. In the middle of something like this, it becomes
impossible."

The scholars could find no parallels in American history for what is going on in
Washington right now.

"Nixon is an obvious point of comparison, but the crimes alleged were far more
significant," said Bruce Buchanan, a professor of government who specializes in
the presidency at the University of Texas in Austin. "He's the only one in the
age of modern media.

"President Andrew Johnson, who was impeached but not convicted, was pretty
thoroughly discredited while in office, partly as a result of a political
vendetta and partly because of his own ham-handedness. But I can think of no
parallel involving the president's private life. Many other presidents had
dalliances, but those were back in the age of the gentleman's agreement, when
nobody told."

"I think we're looking at a fairly bizarre set of circumstances that would
probably never come up again," said Stephen Hess, senior fellow at the Brookings
Institution. "The stars were in certain alignment. You had the Paula Jones case,
and the Supreme Court's 9-0 ruling that it couldn't wait until after Clinton was
out of office to be tried - Congress will have to reverse that as well. It's
another part of the remedial work that needs to be done. What kind of lawsuit is
so urgent that it can't wait? Maybe a child-custody suit, but I doubt we'll have
many presidents involved in something like that."

All of the scholars interviewed said there needed to be significant restraints
placed on the Office of the Independent Counsel.

"I hope they just let that die," Hess said. "Both the Democrats and Republicans
have now gotten burned by it. Let it die. . . . We keep our presidents on a
pretty short leash. They have a four-year term and a chance at one more and
that's it. I'm sure the country can live quite nicely for that length of time
with almost anyone in that office."

Edwards suggested that, in the future, independent counsels have a limited
amount of time to conduct their probe, and that investigations should be
restricted to "high crimes committed while the president is in office."

Such a restriction would have barred the investigation that put Starr in
business, the Whitewater investigation.

"I'm not sure I would agree with limiting investigations to crimes committed
while in office," Buchanan said. "I could probably draw up a list of crimes that
a president might be discovered to have committed . . . that we would not want
to ignore. But I do think the Office of the Independent Counsel should have
limited funds and time, giving Congress the option of renewing both. That takes
the decision to continue an investigation out of the hands of the prosecutors
directly involved."

None of those interviewed believed the damage being done to the presidency by
this scandal was likely to be permanent.

Said Edwards: "All that's needed to restore dignity to the office is to elect
someone who really acts that way. In other words, someone of character."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: The Starr Report

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
President Clinton returns to Washington from New York. The scandal, scholars
say, will create problems for his successor, too. (Associated Press, RUTH
FREMSON)

                  Copyright 1998 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              922 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     May 31, 1979, Thursday, Final Edition


Drug Figure's Defense Will Be Tied to Insanity Plea

BYLINE: By Kenneth Bredemeier, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Metro; B4

LENGTH: 576 words


The trial of Linwood Gray, the alleged mastermind of a Washington based
multimillion-dollar international heroin ring, began in U.S. court here
yesterday as his defense attorney said he would try to prove first that Gray did
not commit the crime, but that if he did, he was insane at the time.

Gray's attorney, Kenneth Michael Robinson, told U.S. District Court Judge
William B. Bryant, that his client was not capable of premeditating "the whole
scheme," a purported plot in which federal prosecutors say that $30 million
worth of extremely high-grade heroin was smuggled from the opium fields of
Southeast Asia to the streets of Washington.

While Bryant said he would let Robinson introduce psychiatric evidence
attempting to show that Gray was insane, and thus did not know the difference
between right and wrong, the judge refused the defense attorney's bid to claim
that Gray has "diminished capacity," meaning that he is not smart enough to
mastermind the alleged smuggling operation.

A defense claiming that a defendant has a "diminished capacity" is more novel
than a claim of not guilty by reason of insanity.  Bryant said that if Robinson
could later offer him evidence of the diminished capacity claim he might allow
such testimony.

Gray, 34, has had some success in the past claiming that he was insane at the
time he committed various crimes.  In other cases he has been found sane.

In a 1967 court appearance, he beat up a probation officer in court and had to
be removed by four court officers.  He later was committed to St. Elizabeths
Hospital and shortly after he was admitted he boasted to a friend that the
attack on the probation officer and his feigned insanity enabled him to beat the
charges against him.

Earlier this year, Gray cursed and shouted at a magistrate and berated a U.S.
marshal at a bond hearing.  Yesterday, he was a model of decorum as his
attorney, prosecutors and lawyers for 11 codefendants argued pretrial motions
and started to pick a jury.

Gray, dressed in blue prison denim shirt and pants and sneakers, sat glumly with
the other defendants, most of the time cradling his chin in his left palm.
Robinson said that Gray would testify at the trial, which may last six weeks.

Over Robinson's objections, Bryant ruled that there would be no mention at the
trial of the Dec. 20 courthouse parking lot shooting of the chief prosecutor in
the case, Assistant U.S. Attorney Barry L. Leibowitz.  Law enforcement officials
have suspected from the day of the shooting that Leibowitz' tenacious, 15-month
investigation of the alleged heroin ring prompted someone to try to kill him.
He was injured slightly in the shooting but quickly resumed the probe.

One man was charged briefly with the shooting, but the charge then was dropped
and no one has been charged since.

"Why should you bring out in front of the jury that an assistant United States
attorney was shot?" Bryant asked Robinson.

Robinson explained that his client was quoted in a wiretapped Jan. 18 telephone
call, five days before his arrest as saying.  "Leibo is trying to frame us."

The defense attorney said that was a reference to the shooting and that Gray was
"in fear of a zealot pursuing him." Robinson said that in the days before his
arrest Gray shopped for a lawyer.  Gray also reportedly gave his wife $50,000
for his legal defense.

Bryant and the lawyers will continue to question the 165 prospective jurors this
morning.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1979 The Washington Post


                              923 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 1, 1982, Monday, Late City Final Edition

MEDICAL SCHOOLS SHOW BIG DROP IN MINORITIES

BYLINE: By RONALD SULLIVAN

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 6; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 1067 words


Black and Hispanic enrollment in medical schools in New York State has fallen by
more than a third in the last five years, reversing gains made since 1960,
according to a report to Governor Carey.

As a result, the Governor plans to ask the Legislature this week to withdraw a
portion of state aid to any medical school that fails to adopt an effective plan
to recruit more black and Hispanic students.

The Governor said that minority enrollment in New York's 12 medical schools
''slipped to an abysmal 4.9 percent'' last year from a peak of 8.3 percent in
1976.

In a report submitted to Mr. Carey, the State Health Planning Commission said
that all but two of the schools fell short of the nationwide black and Hispanic
enrollment level of 9 percent.

Diminished Federal Support Cited

The commission said the causes of the drop were diminished Federal support for
affirmative action programs and a lack of commitment by the medical schools
themselves.

The Governor has accepted a recommendation of the commission to link existing
state ''capitation'' aid, which allocates $1,000 a year for each student, to
increased minority enrollment. Under his proposal, if a school did not raise its
minority enrollment to a specified level, it would risk losing a proportionate
share of its capitation aid.

State officials said yesterday that they were considering establishing 15
percent as the ultimate minority enrollment figure for the schools.

Opposition Is Predicted

Dr. Jeffrey A. Sachs, a health policy adviser to the Governor, said that the
proposals would need the full support of minority constituencies in the
Legislature if they were to be approved in the face of what he predicted would
be opposition from legislative conservatives and from some of the state's
medical schools.

Both the commission and the Governor said affirmative action plans were required
by Federal law and state policy. The commission also said that minority
physicians were desperately needed in poor areas of the state that have large
black and Hispanic populations and no doctors to care for them.

''The chronic underrepresentation of minorities in medicine is a direct result
of their underrepresentation in medical schools,'' the commission said. Studies
show, it added, that minority physicians tend to practice medicine in poverty
areas more than white doctors do.

The commission, in its yet unpublished report, said, ''It is particularly
disturbing that New York State, with the largest medical school enrollment in
the country, the largest black population in the nation, and a tradition of
progressive leadership has a performance record significantly worse than the
nation as a whole.''

347 of 6,918

''Clearly,'' the commission said, ''minorities are losing ground in medical
schools in the state.'' There were 347 minority students among the state's 6,918
medical students in 1980-81, the commission said.

The commission said that New York ranked ninth in minority representation among
the nation's 10 most heavily populated states.  Massachusetts led the nation
with a minority percentage of 13.9.  California was second at 11.6 and Michigan
followed with 11.3.

The commission said the two New York schools with the best affirmative action
plans were the Cornell University Medical College, with a minority enrollment of
10.6 percent, and the Mount Sinai School of Medicine, with 9.9 percent. Both are
in New York City. None of the 10 other schools had minority enrollments higher
than 6.5 percent.

While the commission said specific state programs were necessary, it emphasized
that the ''most essential ingredient of an effective minority recruitment and
retention program is institutional commitment.''

It said it perceived such commitment in affirmative action plans at medicals
schools such as those at Tufts University, with an average 17 percent minority
enrollment since 1971; the University of California at Los Angeles, with a 15
percent average since 1976, and Cornell, with an average of more than 10 percent
since 1976.

2.3 Percent Minority Enrollment

In contrast, the commission cited the 2.3 percent minority enrollment at the New
York University School of Medicine in 1980-81, and the 2.8 percent figure at the
New York Medical College.

At the State University of New York's medical school at Stony Brook, on Long
Island, which had a minority enrollment of 5.7 percent in the 1980-81 school
year, the dean, Dr. Marvin Kushner, said that the low enrollment of minority
students was a problem faced by many New York State medical schools.

''We've been desperately trying to recruit students,'' he said.  ''It's a
recognized problem that relates to the smallness of the candidate pool. In a
given year we may admit as many as 20 students but we only get a small number of
takers. These students are getting into the best and most prestigious Ivy League
schools outside of New York.''

Dr. Kushner also asserted that it was impossible for many black students to
postpone their earning capacity for the time it takes to complete a medical
education. ''Many of these students have responsibilities to their families, and
to delay for as much as 10 years their earning potential as practicing
physicians is untenable,'' he said.

Paucity of Scholarship Funds

Stony Brook also faces additional disadvantages in its recruitment of minority
candidates, according to Dr. Kushner, because of the relative paucity of
scholarship funds and the school's location in an overwhelmingly white suburban
area. ''We face the problem of there not being a support community for these
students,'' he said.

In the 1980-81 school year, the seven other medical schools in the state had the
following minority enrollments: Albany Medical College - 5.5 percent;

Columbia College of Physicians and Surgeons - 5.4 percent; Albert Einstein
College of Medicine - 4.3 percent; The University of Rochester School of
Medicine - 4.9 percent; State University of New York at Buffalo - 6.5 percent;
State University-Downstate - 4.9 percent; State University-Upstate - 5.2
percent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1982 The New York Times Company


                              924 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                    October 12, 1997, Sunday, FINAL EDITION

Swedes' chances diminished without Forsberg assistant

BYLINE: BY ALAN ADAMS TORONTO STAR

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 356 words


When the Swedish club team Malmo sued Detroit assistant coach Barry Smith for
breach of contract last week, they diminished Sweden's chances of bringing him
aboard for the Olympics.

The one weak link the Swedes have is their coach, Kent Forsberg.

Since Malmo filed the suit, several Elite league coaches in Sweden have publicly
called for Malmo to withdraw the action for the betterment of Sweden's Olympic
hopes.

Smith was on top of Forsberg's list of assistants for Nagano and Forsberg was
sure he could add him to his staff as long as Malmo didn't press the contract
issue.

Smith, who walked away from his contract as head coach of Malmo to remain with
Scotty Bowman and the Red Wings, speaks fluent Swedish and understands the
Swedish mentality, having coached there before.

Smith was popular with the Swedish NHLers and he also knows the NHL game, unlike
Forsberg. Forsberg was fully aware of Smith's background, which made him a
natural choice as an assistant coach in the World Cup last year.

Forsberg doesn't know NHL players and has had a hard time handling them the few
times he has had some on his roster. Forsberg is an introvert and is aloof with
his players.

With the likes of Peter Forsberg, Mats Sundin, Tommy Salo, Mattias Ohlund, Ulf
Samuelsson, Mikael Renberg and Daniel Alfredsson leading the way, the Swedes can
assemble the talent needed to successfully defend their Olympic championship in
Japan.

Lest Canadians forget, the Swedes were a crossbar away from sending the
Canadians to the showers in overtime at the World Cup semifinals a year ago.

Kent Forsberg was low on the depth chart when it came time to pick a national
team coach and the main reason he was hired was because of his son, Peter.

The decision to employ Kent came after Peter snubbed the Swedish national team
so he could venture over here and watch NHL playoff hockey rather than answer
the call to duty and play at the world championship tournament. This was before
Peter joined the NHL.

Now the Swedes realize Kent Forsberg will be hard-pressed to mine gold in 1998
in Japan unless Smith is at his side.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              925 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

                October 12, 1997, Sunday, SUNDAY SECOND EDITION

Swedes' chances diminished without Forsberg assistant

BYLINE: by Alan Adams TORONTO STAR

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E4

LENGTH: 362 words


   When the Swedish club team Malmo sued Detroit assistant coach Barry Smith for
breach of contract last week, they diminished Sweden's chances of bringing him
aboard for the Olympics.

The one weak link the Swedes have is their coach, Kent Forsberg.

Since Malmo filed the suit, several Elite league coaches in Sweden have publicly
called for Malmo to withdraw the action for the betterment of Sweden's Olympic
hopes.

Smith was on top of Forsberg's list of assistants for Nagano and Forsberg was
sure he could add him to his staff as long as Malmo didn't press the contract
issue.

Smith, who walked away from his contract as head coach of Malmo to remain with
Scotty Bowman and the Red Wings, speaks fluent Swedish and understands the
Swedish mentality, having coached there before.

Smith was popular with the Swedish NHLers and he also knows the NHL game, unlike
Forsberg. Forsberg was fully aware of Smith's background, which made him a
natural choice as an assistant coach in the World Cup last year.

Forsberg doesn't know NHL players and has had a hard time handling them the few
times he has had some on his roster. Forsberg is an introvert and is aloof with
his players.

With the likes of Peter Forsberg, Mats Sundin, Tommy Salo, Mattias Ohlund, Ulf
Samuelsson, Mikael Renberg and Daniel Alfredsson leading the way, the Swedes can
assemble the talent needed to successfully defend their Olympic championship in
Japan.

Lest Canadians forget, the Swedes were a crossbar away from sending the
Canadians to the showers in overtime at the World Cup semifinals a year ago.

Kent Forsberg was low on the depth chart when it came time to pick a national
team coach and the main reason he was hired was because of his son, Peter.

The decision to employ Kent came after Peter snubbed the Swedish national team
so he could venture over here and watch NHL playoff hockey rather than answer
the call to duty and play at the world championship tournament. This was before
Peter joined the NHL.

Now the Swedes realize Kent Forsberg will be hard-pressed to mine gold in 1998
in Japan unless Smith is at his side.Olympic; Watch; hockey; Sweden

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              926 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 13, 1995 Thursday

Crime plummeting across the U.S.   Diminished use of crack cocaine, tougher
sentencing   laws and gun restrictions offered as reasons

BYLINE: TIMOTHY APPLEBY; GAM

LENGTH: 841 words

DATELINE: Los Angeles CA


BY TIMOTHY APPLEBY
California Bureau
  LOS ANGELES
 Random murder, drive-by shootings, senseless bombings - urban mayhem
worsens each year in the United States and is spinning out of control,
isn't it?

Well, no. Exactly the reverse seems to be the case. Crime is
plummeting, the most recent statistics indicate, accelerating a nation-
wide trend evident for the past four years.

Explanations abound as to why homicide, rape, robbery and theft are
lessening in most U.S. cities; 20 of the 22 biggest cities saw such a
decline last year. The most compelling reason cited is the diminished use
of crack cocaine, although other factors - shifting demographics, tougher
sentencing laws and gun restrictions, community policing - are clearly at
work.

It is uncertain whether the pattern is a temporary blip or a long-term
slide. Yet for the moment, the heartening numbers are undeniable, painting
a picture wholly at odds with popular perception. Across the country,
violent crime fell by 4 per cent in 1994, and the murder rate by 6 per
cent - the third consecutive year in which both numbers fell.

But it is in the largest cities where the change is most dramatic. In
New York, the number of homicides so far this year is one-third lower than
last year's tally for the same period, at a 25-year low. Robbery and car
theft are down by 22 per cent and 25 per cent respectively.

"I have never seen anything as extraordinary as this and I have been in
government for 40 years," a Queens district attorney told reporters last
week when the figures were released.

(Statistics showing the same periods in Canada were unavailable.)     In Los
Angeles, homicides plunged by 21 per cent last year while  violent crime as a
whole was down 11 per cent. So far this year, the trend  is continuing: an 8 per
cent decline in the number of violent offences,  compared to the same six-month
period last year.

If a sea change is under way, it is almost entirely an urban one. In
suburban counties, crime patterns are unchanged, while in rural areas, the
number of reported incidents rose by 1 per cent.

In California, where the overall murder rate declined by almost 10 per
cent in 1994, the state's top law-enforcement official has been quick to
link the good news to the harsh life-imprisonment law in place since last
year, which targets repeat offenders.

"This is further evidence of the public-safety firepower of the Three
Strikes and You're Out law," said attorney-general Dan Lungren. "Something
very positive is happening here in California. We ought to recognize it. I
don't think it's mere coincidence. People ought to sit up and take
notice."

California's get-tough legal climate is not unique: several other
states, notably Georgia and Washington, have enacted similar legislation.
Also in effect since last year is the Brady Bill - the federal law
requiring a background check for all would-be gun buyers.

But some observers question whether stiffer laws are the source of the
change.

"What I see, in the cities where the most noticeable declines have
occurred, is a change in policing - community policing," said Richard
Dieter, director of the Washington-based Death Penalty Information Center,
which lobbies against capital punishment.

"More officers walking the beat, as opposed to sitting at a desk or in
a patrol car. Fort Worth, Texas, Boston, New York City - it's happening in
a lot of places. But part of it is also cyclical. Employment rates, an
improved economy - there's some real relationships there. People who
commit crime do not worry that much about the punishment, unfortunately."

Most apparent is the drop in the use of crack, a cheap, smokable form
of cocaine that renders its users notoriously unstable. It was no accident
that in most U.S. cities, the late-1980s surge in urban violence, peaking
in 1990, coincided with the arrival of crack, and no group suffered its
ravages worse than inner-city blacks.

Now, recent statistics from the National Assessment of Educational
Progress, which has been tracking student achievement since the 1970s,
show a striking decline in the use of drugs in general, and crack in
particular, among U.S. blacks aged 18 to 25.

In 1991, 3.1 per cent of that group said they were crack users. By
1993, the percentage had dropped to just 0.7 per cent.

"The evidence of the impact on behaviour of crack is pretty solid,"
said Joel Hay, who heads the department of Pharmaceutical Economics at the
University of Southern California. "It stimulates and causes very
aggressive behaviour. Also, with the decline in crack you may not have as
many gang turf wars."

Demographics is also playing its part. It has always been true that the
highest percentage of criminals is drawn from the under-25s. Now, along
with the aging of the Baby Boomers and their children, the percentage of
young people is shrinking, too.

The factors are working in concert, Prof. Hay suggested.

"So you could say in a hard-hearted kind of way that there's a
Darwinian selection process going on. Many of the people who are most
likely to be aggressive are out of circulation because they're dead or in
prison."

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              927 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Fed may be nearing rate hike;
Upbeat tone revives prospect of increase as early as September.;
FEDERAL RESERVE

BYLINE: By Martin Crutsinger

SECTION: ; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 353 words


WASHINGTON - The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that near-term risks to the U.S.
economy have diminished, reviving the prospect that it will resume raising
interest rates as soon as September.

The Fed noted that the U.S. job market has rebounded, with robust hiring in June
after a deep slump in May. At the same time, the Fed said in a statement after
its latest policy meeting that it plans to closely monitor global economic
threats and financial developments to ensure that they don't slow the economy.

The Fed seemed to be referring in particular to Britain's vote last month to
leave the European Union - a move that poses risks to the rest of Europe and to
the global economy.

The central bank gave no specific timetable for when it might resume the rate
hikes it began in December, when it raised its benchmark rate from a record low.
But some analysts who had doubted that the Fed would be ready to raise rates as
soon as September said Wednesday's statement appeared to revive that
possibility.

"The Fed is saying that near-term risks have diminished, so that
certainlyputsSeptemberbackinplay," said Brian Bethune, an economics professor at
Tufts University.

Bethune said he still thought the Fed would wait until December before raising
rates but that a September move was possible if hiring remains strong and the
global economy and markets remain stable.

Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, noted that "the Fed gave
a very upbeat assessment of the U.S. economy, which is the first step toward
prepping markets for another rate hike."

Some also suggested that the Fed's brighter outlook suggests that it's become
less concerned that a British exit from the EU - commonly dubbed "Brexit" -
would seriously undermine the U.S. or global economy.

The statement signals that the Fed "does not think that Brexit will be a
significant hindrance for the U.S. economy," said Carl Tannenbaum, chief
economist at Northern Trust.

Analysts said the next important signal of the Fed's thinking could come when
Chair Janet Yellen speaks at an annual central bank conference in late August in
Jackson Hole, Wyoming.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              928 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday
                               Statewide Edition

Economy Rebounding

BYLINE: MARTIN CRUTSINGER

SECTION: BUSINESS; A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 353  words


WASHINGTON - The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that near-term risks to the U.S.
economy have diminished, reviving the prospect that it will resume raising
interest rates as soon as September.

The Fed noted that the U.S. job market has rebounded, with robust hiring in June
after a deep slump in May. At the same time, the Fed said in a statement after
its latest policy meeting that it plans to closely monitor global economic
threats and financial developments to ensure that they don't slow the economy.

The Fed seemed to be referring in particular to Britain's vote last month to
leave the European Union - a move that poses risks to the rest of Europe and to
the global economy.

The central bank gave no specific timetable for when it might resume the rate
hikes it began in December, when it raised its benchmark rate from a record low.
But some analysts who had doubted that the Fed would be ready to raise rates as
soon as September said Wednesday's statement appeared to revive that
possibility.

"The Fed is saying that near-term risks have diminished, so that certainly puts
September back in play," said Brian Bethune, an economics professor at Tufts
University.

Bethune said he still thought the Fed would wait until December before raising
rates but that a September move was possible if hiring remains strong and the
global economy and markets remain stable.

Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, noted that "the Fed gave
a very upbeat assessment of the U.S. economy, which is the first step toward
prepping markets for another rate hike."

Some also suggested that the Fed's brighter outlook suggests that it's become
less concerned that a British exit from the EU - commonly dubbed Brexit - would
seriously undermine the U.S. or global economy.

The statement signals that the Fed "does not think that Brexit will be a
significant hindrance for the U.S. economy," said Carl Tannenbaum, chief
economist at Northern Trust.

Analysts said the next important signal of the Fed's thinking could come when
Chair Janet Yellen speaks at an annual central bank conference in late August in
Jackson Hole, Wy.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              929 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday

Fed to boost rates in September?

BYLINE: MARTIN CRUTSINGER The Associated Press

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 353 words


WASHINGTON - The Federal Reserve said Wednesday that near-term risks to the U.S.
economy have diminished, reviving the prospect that it will resume raising
interest rates as soon as September.

The Fed noted that the U.S. job market has rebounded, with robust hiring in June
after a deep slump in May. At the same time, the Fed said in a statement after
its latest policy meeting that it plans to closely monitor global economic
threats and financial developments to ensure that they don't slow the economy.

The Fed seemed to be referring in particular to Britain's vote last month to
leave the European Union - a move that poses risks to the rest of Europe and to
the global economy.

The central bank gave no specific timetable for when it might resume the rate
hikes it began in December, when it raised its benchmark rate from a record low.

But some analysts who had doubted that the Fed would be ready to raise rates as
soon as September said Wednesday's statement appeared to revive that
possibility.

"The Fed is saying that near-term risks have diminished, so that certainly puts
September back in play," said Brian Bethune, an economics professor at Tufts
University.

Bethune said he still thought the Fed would wait until December before raising
rates but that a September move was possible if hiring remains strong and the
global economy and markets remain stable.

Greg McBride, chief financial analyst at Bankrate.com, noted that "the Fed gave
a very upbeat assessment of the U.S. economy, which is the first step toward
prepping markets for another rate hike."

Some also suggested that the Fed's brighter outlook suggests that it's become
less concerned that a British exit from the EU - commonly dubbed "Brexit" -
would seriously undermine the U.S. or global economy.

The statement signals that the Fed "does not think that Brexit will be a
significant hindrance for the U.S. economy," said Carl Tannenbaum, chief
economist at Northern Trust.

Analysts said the next important signal of the Fed's thinking could come when
Chair Janet Yellen speaks at an annual central bank conference in late August in
Jackson Hole, Wyo.

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              930 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                 (First Draft)

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

If Nothing Else, a Speech From Obama on Climate

BYLINE: Michael D. Shear

SECTION: US; politics

LENGTH: 255 words



HIGHLIGHT: White House outlines President Obama&#8217;s speech to the U.N.
Climate Summit.


When President Obama addresses the United Nations Climate Summit on Tuesday, he
won't be announcing a breakthrough on environmental policy. Opposition in
Congress to carbon taxes remains high, and expectations for progress around the
world are low, as rich and poor countries continue to clash over long-simmering
environmental disputes.

But White House officials on Sunday night did say that Mr. Obama would point to
the progress the United States has made during his administration as part of a
three-part speech outlining future action. The first part will focus on his own
Climate Action Plan, including proposed regulations to reduce emissions from
coal plants. The second part will seek to prod his counterparts in other
countries to work toward a global emissions framework in the coming year. And in
the third part, the president will announce a series of measures aimed at
harnessing American technical and scientific knowledge to help developing
countries combat climate challenges.

The speech will take place against a backdrop of heightened public interest and
diminished political focus. Over the weekend, demonstrators in New York and in
cities around the globe called for action to confront the planet's warming. But
the prospect of meaningful action appears diminished, with key world leaders -
including Chancellor Angela Merkel of Germany, President Xi Jinping of China and
Prime Minister Narendra Modi of India, who will be in New York for the United
Nations General Assembly - skipping the climate meeting entirely.

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2014 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              931 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                           November 10, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

DOJ could see its role diminished

BYLINE: Kevin Rector

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 393  words


After serving as an aggressive watchdog for police misconduct during the Obama
administration, the Department of Justice could see its role diminished under
Donald Trump, analysts say.

Such a shift would drastically alter the federal response to the continuing
debate around policing in American cities at a time when many local departments
are ill-equipped to tackle reforms on their own, they said.

"This is a cataclysmic change," said Jonathan Smith, a former chief of special
litigation in the Justice Department's civil rights division, where he oversaw
more than 20 investigations into police agencies. "The world really did change
under our feet."

Trump, the self-styled "law and order" candidate, said during the campaign he
would reintroduce the controversial stop-and-frisk policies criticized by
President Barack Obama's Justice Department in cities across the country.

Rudy Giuliani, a top Trump adviser and campaign surrogate, has been a champion
of the tactic since his tenure as mayor of New York during the 1990s. He has
been mentioned as a possible Trump pick for attorney general.

While Obama has focused on criminal justice reform, Trump campaigned on stronger
support for police officers and a tougher approach against crime.

Samuel Walker, professor emeritus of criminology and criminal justice at the
University of Nebraska, Omaha, said those differences in tone are likely to be
reflected in how Trump deploys his Justice Department.

"This is a historic shift in public policy, and the policies in the federal
government, and that's based on Trump's words, the Republican platform and the
various people who are his advisers and supporters," Walker said.

Stephen Rushin, an assistant law professor at the University of Alabama, said
"it's hard to imagine a Rudy Giuliani DOJ being the same rigorous enforcement
arm as Eric Holder's or Loretta Lynch's DOJ" on police reform.

The shift could have a powerful impact in Baltimore, where Obama's Justice
Department is currently negotiating a court-enforced consent decree mandating
police reforms with city officials.

A recent Justice Department investigation found discriminatory and
unconstitutional practices at nearly all levels of the Baltimore Police
Department.

Rushin said all signs point to a Trump administration being less litigious on
police reform.

krector@baltsun.com

twitter.com/rectorsun

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              932 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            November 29, 2015 Sunday

Dear Abby: Daughter dreads holiday visit to mom in diminished health

BYLINE: By Abigail Van Buren

SECTION: DEAR ABBY

LENGTH: 467 words


Dear Abby: I gave birth to a baby girl two months ago. I have a wonderful
husband and incredible in-laws. We live far away from both sides of the family.

My mom is a former cocaine and prescription pain meds addict. Her addiction
diminished her mental capacities, and it's difficult to relate to her because
the only things she can talk about are her health issues and all the medications
she's currently taking.

Mom recently came to visit us. I hadn't seen her in two years, and when she did,
I realized we have nothing in common. She and my dad are still happily married,
and Dad has yet to meet my child.

I'm supposed to visit them for the holidays, but I'd rather spend the time with
my in-laws. Any suggestions?

-- Nothing in Common in Hawaii

Dear Nothing In Common: Yes. Sometimes, it's important to do things we would
rather not because they are the right thing to do. Your father is trying to make
the best of a difficult situation, and your mother is working to overcome a
serious illness -- which addiction is.

Make the scheduled visit you committed to, and give your dad the chance to meet
his grandchild. If, after that, you decide to permanently distance yourself from
your parents, it will be your choice, but you may change your mind.

Dear Abby: "Jack," my boyfriend of five years, is funny, unique and generally
very sweet. I'm currently on disability and working hard to get myself healthy
enough to start working again. The problem is, Jack thinks I do nothing but sit
on my butt all day.

When I worked, we used to trade massages to make each other feel relaxed because
our jobs were physically demanding. Now, because I'm not working, he says it's
my "job" to help him relax. I give him a massage every night, but it's never
reciprocated. When I ask him for one, he puts no effort into it and acts like
it's a chore.

I no longer feel loved or special. I feel like a live-in masseuse, but I'm
worried that if I stop, there will be no physical contact at all between us.

What would be the best way to let him know I'm tired of it?

-- Rubbed the Wrong Way in Minnesota

Dear Rubbed the Wrong Way: Jack doesn't sound all that "sweet" to me. Because
you feel the way you do, tell him how his change of behavior is affecting you.

Touch is important because it helps partners to stay connected. Could it be that
Jack's unwillingness to give you massages is "punishment" because you're not
contributing financially as you did while you were working?

Tell him you miss the closeness you once shared, and that if the shoe were on
the other foot, you wouldn't treat him this way.

Depending on what he has to say, suggest that for the sake of your relationship,
a compromise may be in order because your partnership is not equal now.

Write Dear Abby at DearAbby.com or P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069.

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              933 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                    The Daily Telegraph (Sydney, Australia)

                            July 24, 1997, Thursday

Miller pulls out / Pan Pac team 'diminished'

SOURCE: MATP

BYLINE: CATRIONA DIXON

SECTION: FULLPAGE, SPORT; Pg. 84

LENGTH: 401 words


THE Australian swim team for next month's Pan Pacific Championships has been "
diminished" due to the withdrawal of butterfly champion Scott Miller, according
to national coach Don Talbot.

The 22-year-old Olympic silver medallist formally pulled out of the side for the
Japan titles yesterday after suffering from an on-going shoulder injury.

Talbot said the touring side was weakened by Miller's withdrawal but immense
depth in the Australian men's butterfly ranks had softened the blow.

"When a swimmer pulls out it really hurts," Talbot said.

"We have Geoff Huegill and Michael Klim also on the team and they will swim but
this definitely weakens us.

"It is always a problem if you lose a swimmer selected to compete at a meet like
this."

Miller, who is back training in Sydney under coach Paul Hardman, is the second
swimmer forced out of the team due to poor health.

Sydney schoolgirl Natasha Bowron, a gold medallist in the 800m freestyle at the
World Short Course Championships, surrendered her position last month after
suffering from a stomach complaint.

"We don't have anyone who can win the women's distance events with Natasha out,"
Talbot said.

"But we will have to cope with that and and I feel we will acquit ourselves
quite well.

"This is the first major meet since the Olympics and it is important for us to
see how we are going after Atlanta."

Miller, who rates himself as 85 per cent fit, plans to uses the time to prepare
for the World Championship trials in October.

"To race against Michael Klim and Geoff Huegill, let alone the Americans, you
have to be 100 per cent," Miller said.

"And it (not going to the Pan Pacs) will give me the opportunity to get the
necessary treatment for the shoulder and settle into some serious training for
the World Championship trials in Brisbane."

His manager, Graham McNeice, said the decision to withdraw was made after
discussions between  Talbot and Hardman.

"It's in Scott's best interest to stay home," McNeice said.

"He is still recovering from a shoulder injury, and although it isn't too bad,
he still requires treatment.

"The four-week period Scott would be away for Pan Pacs would be an interruption
to his World Championship preparations.

"There are two races Scott really wants to win -the 100m butterfly against
(Denis) Pankratov at the World Championships and the Olympic gold medal."

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: DTM

                   Copyright 1997 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              934 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald-Tribune (Florida)

                           November 23, 2004 Tuesday
                                SARASOTA EDITION

Hospitals to restrict diversions;
Under new rules, Sarasota County paramedics can veto officials' decisions to
send patients elsewhere.

BYLINE: By LISA RAB lisa.rab@heraldtribune.com

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 515 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA COUNTY


Hospitals will no longer be allowed to turn away patients whom paramedics think
should be sent to the closest emergency room.

Under a new policy approved Monday by local fire chiefs and Sarasota Memorial
Hospital officials, emergency responders will have the authority to decide
whether a patient can be diverted from one hospital to another.

That means that if a hospital is full, officials can request that patients be
sent elsewhere, but paramedics don't have to comply if they think it will
endanger the patients or increase emergency response times.

The policy goes into effect countywide Dec. 1.

"It's not up to the hospital anymore," said Paul Dezzi, assistant fire chief for
Sarasota County. "If our resources are diminished in the county ... we'll still
bring the patient to the closest facility."

The new rule is expected to help paramedics avoid long ambulance trips when
facilities such as Sarasota Memorial divert patients to other hospitals.

But it won't solve the nursing shortage that has caused Sarasota Memorial to
divert dozens of patients in recent months.

"We still have to provide the staffed beds," said Dr. Duncan Finlay, the
hospital's chief executive. "We're committed to do whatever it takes."

Since June, Sarasota Memorial has closed its doors to emergency room patients 33
times, forcing ambulances to drive to Doctors Hospital of Sarasota or the new
Lakewood Ranch Medical Center instead.

The longer drives cause problems for fire departments with a small number of
ambulances, increasing their response time for the next emergency call.

"An extra 30 to 60 minutes going farther to another hospital -- we don't want to
have to do that," said Longboat Key Fire Chief Julius Halas.

Over the last few months, as the problem worsened, a committee with
representatives from the local fire departments and all Sarasota County
hospitals began drafting a new policy to deal with diversions, Dezzi said. The
final draft was approved Monday and is expected to go into effect countywide
Dec. 1.

The new policy will give firefighters the final say in deciding whether to
divert patients.

Patients with critical needs have always been taken to the nearest hospital, and
only those who are stable or have less severe wounds can be diverted.

Now, if paramedics think a long drive will jeopardize the patient or increase
response times elsewhere, they won't divert.

"If our resources are diminished in the county we're going to say, 'I'm sorry,
we can't,'" Dezzi said.

That could mean that some less critically ill patients will have to wait in
Sarasota Memorial's ER, Finlay said.

But the hospital is addressing its staffing shortage, which Finlay said was
caused in part by an influx of patients from areas hit by hurricanes this
summer.

Two weeks ago, officials hired enough nurses to open 12 more emergency room
beds, and 26 new beds in other parts of the hospital have been staffed since
Nov. 1, said Jan Mauck, chief nursing officer for Sarasota Memorial.

Officials plan to open 14 more critical care beds in January.

"That will be a problem that will be dramatically improved," Finlay said.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 Dr. Duncan Finlay, Sarasota Memorial's chief executive

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.


                              935 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                              March 9, 2009 Monday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Suicide by veterans is focus of UB study;
Researchers to seek determining factors

BYLINE: By Lou Michel - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 718 words


Soldiers who survive the battlefield too often return home only to kill
themselves.

Now researchers at the University at Buffalo are trying to find a way to
determine which veterans are most likely to harm themselves.

"Suicide among returning veterans is a big problem," said researcher John M.
Violanti. "On their psychological evaluations when they return, there is only
one question on suicide, 'Are you depressed?' Who is going to answer that?"

By using a Harvard University computerized test that measures how quickly an
individual experiences thoughts of self-harm while performing a given task,
Violanti said mental-health professionals might be able to detect "under the
radar" suicidal thoughts.

"This new test gets to real feelings at a subconscious level," said Violanti, a
former State Police officer who has studied suicide among cops for years.

He plans to administer the test to 3,600 returning Iraq and Afghanistan veterans
in New Jersey, starting this summer. Army statistics show that as many as 24
soldiers committed suicide in January 2009 alone.

Similarly, little is known about the long-term consequences facing veterans who
have suffered traumatic brain injuries, which sometimes coincide with
mental-health issues.

Thousands of U.S. combat troops in Iraq and Afghanistan have suffered traumatic
brain injuries, known as TBIs, from roadside bomb explosions, and the result is
devastating in terms of navigating everyday life.

These service members often experience diminished memory, shortened attention
spans and inability to make decisions. Like vets at risk for suicide, TBI
victims sometimes slip through the cracks after returning home.

"Symptoms associated with mild TBIs often can be overlooked in deference to more
obvious visible injuries," said Kerry T. Donnelly, an adjunct assistant
professor in UB's department of psychiatry and the Graduate School of Education.

The government has done well in addressing major physical injuries, such as the
loss of a limb, she said, but brain injuries can involve more subtle cognitive
and psychological difficulties that are often hard to detect.

With a $1.4 million grant from the U.S. Department of Veterans Affairs, Donnelly
will study some 500 Iraq and Afghanistan veterans over the next four years.

Among the goals of the study, Donnelly said, is to determine the reliability of
the VA's screening tool for brain injuries, how the patient utilizes available
health care for the symptoms and quality-of-life issues.

The study is intended to identify "symptom clusters" that take into account
cognitive, psychological and physical ailments in order to come up with
specified treatments for these individuals, said Donnelly, who also works as a
VA clinical neuropsychologist.

"There really just isn't a whole lot of long-term research on this group of
veterans," she said. Of the 500 vets, about 200 will be from the Buffalo Niagara
region.

Brain-injured vets whose emotional capabilities have been diminished could also
end up relearning some interpersonal skills through yet another initiative under
way at UB.

Barry Willer, a UB psychiatry professor, says his study involves training
individuals to recognize facial expressions in others and to respond
appropriately.

The technical term for this ability is "affect recognition." Brain-injured
individuals often are unable to identify compassion or danger when they observe
the facial expressions of others. Instead, Miller said, they react with
confusion or indifference.

Miller's 108 study participants will view faces on a computer screen and be
asked to study different parts of the face and react to them by naming the
emotions they see in the eyes or the set of the mouth.

"To know what the other person is feeling," Willer said, "you have to know what
you're feeling. Individuals who don't know how to recognize anger won't
recognize it in themselves, and in fact can't produce it."

Other participants will be asked to read stories and share what emotions they
think might be embedded in the story.

All of the study participants will be tested regularly to chart whether they are
relearning appropriate emotional responses. The study will take three years to
complete and is funded through a $600,000 grant from the National Institute on
Disability and Rehabilitation.

e-mail: lmichel@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              936 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                   Iran Daily

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

Prenatal BPA exposure tied to diminished lung function

LENGTH: 284  words


Prenatal exposure to bisphenol A (BPA, a common chemical used in some plastics)
appears to be inconsistently associated with diminished lung function and the
development of persistent wheeze in children, write Adam J. Spanier, PhD of the
University of Maryland School of Medicine, Baltimore, and colleagues.

Asthma rates have risen in the past three decades. Environmental factors (such
as tobacco smoke and airborne pollutants) have been identified as risk factors
and some research has suggested that exposure to BPA may contribute, Daily
Digest[#x200e]  reported.

The authors examined whether BPA exposure was associated with lung function
using forced expiratory volume in the first second of expiration (FEV1) , with
wheeze and with a pattern of wheeze in children during their first five years.
The study involved a group of 398 mother-infant pairings. Maternal urine samples
were collected during pregnancy at 16 and 26 weeks and child urine samples were
collected annually to assess gestational and child BPA exposure.

Every 10-fold increase in the average maternal urinary BPA concentration was
associated with a 14.2 percent decrease in the percentage predicted FEV1 at 4
years old but no association was seen at 5 years old. Every 10-fold increase in
the average maternal urinary BPA concentration was marginally associated with a
54.8 percent increase in the odds of wheezing. While the average maternal
urinary BPA concentration was not associated with the type of wheeze
(phenotype), a 10-fold increase in the 16-week maternal urinary BPA
concentration was associated with a 4.27-fold increase in the odds of persistent
wheeze. Child urinary BPA concentrations were not associated with FEV1 or
wheeze.

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1056


                 Copyright 2014 Iran Cultural & Press Institute
                Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.(Syndigate.info)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              937 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Defense Logistics Agency Issues Solicitation for "Diminished
Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Defense Logistics Agency, DLA Acquisition Locations Officer has issued
requirement for "Diminished Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse."

Solicitation no. SP4701-13-R-0019        Posted on: May 06, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description: DMS SDW supports the Department of Defense (DOD) obsolescence
management program. The objective of the DMS SDW program is to improve the
sustainability of weapon systems by reducing the impact of Diminishing
Manufacturing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS) through more effective
identification and management of obsolete parts across all Services and
Agencies.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jun 14, 2013 12:00 pm Eastern

Contact Details: 700 Robbins Avenue
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096
United States

Point of Contact(s): John F. O'Brien,
Contracting Officer
john.f.obrien@dla.mil
Phone: 2157378361

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=3d91f7c2813a4d54e33406db53ffd0ec&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              938 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 6, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Defense Logistics Agency Issues Solicitation for "Diminished
Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Defense Logistics Agency, DLA Acquisition Locations Officer has issued
requirement for "Diminished Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse."

Solicitation no. SP4701-13-R-0019        Posted on: May 06, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description: DMS SDW supports the Department of Defense (DOD) obsolescence
management program. The objective of the DMS SDW program is to improve the
sustainability of weapon systems by reducing the impact of Diminishing
Manufacturing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS) through more effective
identification and management of obsolete parts across all Services and
Agencies.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jun 14, 2013 12:00 pm Eastern

Contact Details: 700 Robbins Avenue
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096
United States

Point of Contact(s): John F. O'Brien,
Contracting Officer
john.f.obrien@dla.mil
Phone: 2157378361

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=3d91f7c2813a4d54e33406db53ffd0ec&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              939 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 21, 2014 Monday

US Contract Notice: Defense Logistics Agency Issues Solicitation for "Diminished
Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse"

LENGTH: 193  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Defense Logistics Agency, DLA Acquisition Locations Officer has issued
requirement for "Diminished Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse."

Solicitation no. SP4701-13-R-0019        Posted on: April 21, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description: DMS SDW supports the Department of Defense (DOD) obsolescence
management program. The objective of the DMS SDW program is to improve the
sustainability of weapon systems by reducing the impact of Diminishing
Manufacturing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS) through more effective
identification and management of obsolete parts across all Services and
Agencies.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jun 14, 2013 12:00 pm Eastern

Contact Details: 700 Robbins Avenue
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096
United States

Point of Contact(s): John F. O'Brien,
Contracting Officer
john.f.obrien@dla.mil
Phone: 2157378361

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=3d91f7c2813a4d54e33406db53ffd0ec&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              940 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 17, 2014 Thursday

US Contract Notice: Defense Logistics Agency Issues Solicitation for "Diminished
Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Defense Logistics Agency, DLA Acquisition Locations Officer has issued
requirement for "Diminished Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse."

Solicitation no. SP4701-13-R-0019    Posted on: April 17, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description: DMS SDW supports the Department of Defense (DOD) obsolescence
management program. The objective of the DMS SDW program is to improve the
sustainability of weapon systems by reducing the impact of Diminishing
Manufacturing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS) through more effective
identification and management of obsolete parts across all Services and
Agencies.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jun 14, 2013 12:00 pm Eastern

Contact Details: 700 Robbins Avenue
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096
United States

Point of Contact(s): John F. O'Brien,
Contracting Officer
john.f.obrien@dla.mil
Phone: 2157378361

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=3d91f7c2813a4d54e33406db53ffd0ec&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              941 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 1, 2014 Tuesday

US Contract Notice: Defense Logistics Agency Issues Solicitation for "Diminished
Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse"

LENGTH: 192  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Defense Logistics Agency, DLA Acquisition Locations Officer has issued
requirement for "Diminished Manufacturing Sources Shared Data Warehouse."

Solicitation no. SP4701-13-R-0019    Posted on: April 01, 2014

Notice Type: Sources Sought

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Description: DMS SDW supports the Department of Defense (DOD) obsolescence
management program. The objective of the DMS SDW program is to improve the
sustainability of weapon systems by reducing the impact of Diminishing
Manufacturing Sources and Material Shortages (DMSMS) through more effective
identification and management of obsolete parts across all Services and
Agencies.

Set Aside: N/A

Deadline for All responses: Jun 14, 2013 12:00 pm Eastern

Contact Details: 700 Robbins Avenue
Philadelphia, Pennsylvania 19111-5096
United States

Point of Contact(s): John F. O'Brien,
Contracting Officer
john.f.obrien@dla.mil
Phone: 2157378361

For more information visit:
https://www.fbo.gov/index?s=opportunity&mode=3d91f7c2813a4d54e33406db53ffd0ec&ta
b=core&_cview=0. In case of any query regarding this article or other content
needs please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              942 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               Financial Planning

                                  August 2009

College panic;
Daunting costs and diminished funds to pay for them-that's what parents of
college-bound teenagers are worried about today. Here's how to help them make
higher education affordable.

BYLINE: Donald Jay Korn

SECTION: FEATURE; Pg. 42 Vol. 39 No. 8

LENGTH: 3051  words


Clients whose retirement plans have been disrupted by the current recession
often have a logical solution: Work longer. If they can stay in the workforce a
few more years, increase their savings and perhaps participate in a stock market
recovery, they have a good chance of enjoying a comfortable retirement.

That choice is not practical for the parents of college-bound high school kids.
Parents' college funds are down while economic turmoil may make it difficult to
pay the steep costs of attending a dream college. Yet those parents can't tell
their kids to stay in high school for a few more years until their 529 accounts
regain lost ground.

At the same time, college prices continue to rise. Aggregate costs for public
and private four-year colleges, comprising tuition, fees, room and board-but not
books, transportation and other expenses-rose approximately 5% to 6% last year,
on average. And it's hard not to imagine more increases coming. State schools
will have to fight with other public agencies for dwindling funds; many private
college endowments have taken serious hits. A few private schools, such as Reed
College, have admitted that they're looking for students who can pay the entire
tuition rather than hewing to their former need-blind admission policy.

As a result, many of your clients with teenage children may be feeling the
college panic about now. They are looking at diminished net worths and an
uncertain job market and economy-while their kids are plotting college tours.
What can financial planners suggest to these clients? How can you help clients
whose children are already in college and now find it difficult to pay the
ongoing bills? There are many possible steps that parents can take, so advisors
should be ready to offer sensible recommendations.

PLAN AHEAD

For starters, college planning should be done in advance whenever possible.
Deborah Fox, who heads Fox College Funding in San Diego, says that preplanning
can avoid a "whole family drama unfolding" about letting a child attend a
university that's not affordable. "Worse yet," she adds, if a child already has
applied and been accepted to an expensive school, "parents many times give in to
their student due to the emotional component of the college choice. They don't
want to prevent their child from attending his or her dream college."

Mary McGrath, executive vice president of Cozad Asset Management in Champaign,
Ill., points out that the best time to start the conversation is when the child
is around 15 or 16, in high school, but not yet ready to start applying. At that
point, the family is thinking about college and has a reasonable idea of how
much they can afford to spend. "Parents need to figure out their college budget
ahead of time and then discuss it with their child before he or she applies,"
Fox says. "That way, colleges with the net cost above the predetermined budget
can come off the list."

COST CONSCIOUS

As the above comments indicate, financial planning for higher education might
begin with budget talks, which could lead to a discussion of target schools.
Among colleges, there are huge cost differences.

According to the latest numbers from the College Board, for the 2008 to 2009
academic year, total charges at private universities averaged over $34,000,
including about $9,000 for room and board. That's the average; at some private
colleges, the total is close to $50,000 a year. If college costs continue to
increase at a 5% to 6% annual pace, parents of today's 10th graders could pay
$40,000 for their freshman year at an average private college, while an Ivy
League education could start at $60,000 a year-transportation, books, pizza and
dorm-room decor not included.

If clients are willing to send their kids elsewhere, costs can come down
dramatically. At public universities, total costs for in-state residents
averaged just over $14,000-more than half due to room and board. Clients who
send their kids to a nearby state university, close enough to permit commuting
from home, are looking at costs that average about $6,500 a year.

"Community colleges can be less expensive," McGrath says. "Students live at
home, and the fees are lower. After two years at a community college, they can
apply to a four-year school."

If a student is contemplating taking this route, a planner can earn parents'
gratitude by filling them in on the agreements many four-year colleges have with
two-year schools. Called articulation agreements, these pacts guarantee that the
four-year college will accept credits earned at the two-year school. "It is
important to know this in advance," McGrath says. "Many universities have
'partner' community colleges, where they agree on the courses accepted. Some
even guarantee admission to certain majors if a student graduates from the
community college with the appropriate courses and a certain grade point
average. But don't assume that any courses at any community college will get you
into the university you want."

Such a route through higher education can pay off beyond cost savings. "If a
child wants to go to an elite college, admission as a freshman can be very
competitive," says Ian Weinberg, CEO of Family Wealth & Pension Management in
Woodbury, N.Y. "A child who goes to a community college and maintains a
grade-point average at or near 4.0 may actually have an easier time getting
admitted for the last two years of college."

What's more, those local college "A's" will remain on the student's record,
according to McGrath, which may make it easier to get into graduate or
professional school later. "It's the last school's name that is on the degree,
not the community college where the student may have spent the first two years,"
she says.

McGrath says that some clients worry that their children will miss the college
lifestyle experience if they spend two years at home. That may be true, but
parents should know just how much they're paying in extra cost to support that
lifestyle.

The lifestyle discussion may cut both ways. "We have counseled some of our
clients that they will have to make real sacrifices to send their children to
private school," says Michael Chasnoff, president of Truepoint Capital, a wealth
advisory firm in Cincinnati. "Decisions such as vacations, cars and other
lifestyle choices will need to be weighed as part of the college selection
process."

A frank look at costs is desirable, for students as well as parents. After such
a discussion, McGrath reports, one couple she works with told their son he could
attend a pricey university only if he contributed half of the above-budget
costs. "The son agreed, and he is now in a work-study program at the university,
which reduces the parents' expenses," McGrath says.

LOOK FOR LOANS

Such work-study opportunities are included in many college aid packages, along
with scholarships and loans. "Clients who send children to college should fill
out the Free Application for Federal Student Aid (FAFSA) even if they don't
expect any aid that's based on financial need," says Kal Chany, president of
Campus Consultants, a financial aid counseling firm in New York.

U.S. Education Secretary Arne Duncan has said that he wants to simplify the
FAFSA, which appears online as a 10-page PDF and asks as many as 153 questions.
But the revised form may still be intimidating. Financial planners can play a
vital role by helping clients with the paperwork. The FAFSA determines an
"expected family contribution" (EFC), based on income and assets. If a school's
total costs exceed the EFC, an aid package will be offered to the accepted
students. Typically, the aid package is a combination of loans, work-study and
grants.

By filling out the FAFSA, Chany says, a student becomes eligible for a Stafford
loan, part of the federal loan program. These loans can be sliced into loans
directly from the U.S. government (via participating colleges) and loans from
private lenders, which have federal guarantees. They can then be diced into
subsidized and unsubsidized loans.

"Most subsidized Stafford loans go to students with family incomes under
$50,000, but some do go to families with higher incomes: almost 10% go to
families with adjusted gross income over $100,000," says Mark Kantrowitz,
publisher of FinAid.org. Subsidized Staffords have lower interest rates and
somewhat gentler repayment terms than unsubsidized Staffords.

Still, unsubsidized Staffords-the loans that clients' children probably can
expect-are appealing to many families, Kantrowitz says. The interest rate is
fixed at 6.8%; even though the loans are made to students, there is no credit
check, no collateral required and no need for a co-signer.

"Parents should have the student be responsible for taking out at least the
maximum Stafford loan each year," Fox advises. For dependent students, the
limits are $5,500 for freshmen, $6,500 for sophomores and $7,500 for
upperclassmen. "Students who have some skin in the game view their education
differently than do students with parents who cover all the expenses," she adds.

Students who take out the maximum Stafford loan each year will have total debt
of $27,000 after four years. Assuming that interest accrues at a fixed 6.8% rate
while the student is in college and that repayment is under the standard 10-year
plan, Fox calculates that the payments would be about $300 a month, which may be
affordable for college graduates earning a living.

"After graduation, parents can choose to pay off all or part of the student's
Stafford debt as a graduation present," she adds. In the meantime, those loans
will provide parents with some relief from having to use additional current
income or spend down assets during the college years.

CLOSING THE GAP

Borrowing $27,000 over four years probably won't cover the full cost of
attending college away from home. Clients who are willing to take on college
debt can get PLUS loans, under another federal program. Parents can borrow
amounts up to the full cost of college, minus any financial aid package.

PLUS loans, though, are not as attractive as Staffords. The fixed interest rates
are higher (either 7.9% or 8.5%), and there is a credit check. "The credit check
is not as stringent as it is for some other loans," Chany says.

Still, parents who have lost a home in a foreclosure or have been severely late
with a debt payment will not get these loans; Kantrowitz says that PLUS loan
denials appear to have increased in 2009. If a parent is denied a PLUS loan, the
student can borrow slightly higher amounts via unsubsidized Staffords, just as
independent students have the same higher Stafford ceilings.

Besides an interest rate that's higher than the rate for Staffords, PLUS loans
have fees of 4%. An alternative for parents, suggested by Chasnoff, is to use
home equity debt for higher education. "Interest rates are attractive," he says.
"If a family has a reasonable amount of home equity, that could be a good
choice." Bankrate.com puts the average interest rate on a home equity line of
credit under 6%; the interest payments are more likely to be tax-deductible than
the interest on a PLUS loan.

"Although some parents have discussed the possibility of withdrawing from their
retirement accounts to pay for their children's college education, our analysis
concludes that they would be better off using debt," Chasnoff says. "Loans are
generally a better option, given the tax implications associated with retirement
account distributions."

Even though there is no 10% early withdrawal penalty if a client uses an IRA to
pay higher education expenses, it should still be considered a last
resort-especially now that it could mean selling stocks near a market bottom (we
hope). As McGrath puts it, "The last thing a parent should do is to tap his or
her retirement account. You can borrow for college, but you can't borrow for
retirement."

FIRST, AID

"Even with endowments down, many private universities have attempted to maintain
financial aid to students," Kantrowitz says. "They may be cutting back
elsewhere, and they might be reducing merit-based aid in order to maintain their
need-based aid."

Some need-based aid might be available to financial planning clients in the
current economy. "If the parents have experienced a significant change of
circumstance (job loss, reduction in income, high medical bills, etc.), they can
send a letter of explanation to the financial aid office to request
reconsideration of their financial aid package," Fox says. "This year we have
found colleges to be very responsive to families who have demonstrated a genuine
need for additional help."

Moreover, families not considered "needy" may nevertheless qualify for financial
aid-at the right school, one where the student will easily qualify for merit
aid. "One of the best strategies for reducing higher education costs is to make
sure the student applies to colleges where he or she falls within the top 20% to
25% of the applicant pool," Fox says. "Or, a school may be looking for a talent
or a characteristic that student can provide. In those situations, students may
be offered the best financial aid packages, even in tough times."

According to Fox, there are hundreds of private schools that will offer tuition
discounts or scholarships of $5,000 or more to get the students they want. "This
one strategy alone may allow parents to send their child to a private school
where their student can actually graduate in four years and get taught by
professors rather than teaching assistants, yet pay the same as (or even less
than) the cost at a public university," she says.

MAKING COLLEGE LESS TAXING

The federal government also offers financial aid for higher education, including
various tax breaks. Earlier this year, the American Recovery and Reinvestment
Act of 2009 created an expanded version of the Hope Scholarship tax credit: the
American Opportunity tax credit, now scheduled to expire after 2010.

The new credit can save taxpayers as much as $2,500 in tax, if they spend at
least $4,000 in a calendar year on tuition, fees, books and materials for higher
education. The credit is per student, so a client paying for two collegians this
year or next can save up to $5,000 in tax. There is even a refund, up to $1,000
per student, if the parent owes less federal income tax than the credit would be
worth.

The catch? This credit is subject to a phaseout for taxpayers with modified
adjusted gross income between $160,000 and $180,000 for married couples filing
jointly, or $80,000 and $90,000 for single taxpayers. Therefore, many clients
won't qualify for this credit.

Nevertheless, clients with income below the thresholds will welcome a
$2,500-per-student tax credit. "You can't claim the American Opportunity credit
for expenses paid with withdrawals from a 529 plan," says Chany. "Parents may
want to adjust 529 withdrawals so some college expenses are paid with other
money, to allow the use of the new tax credit." This tax credit is
dollar-for-dollar on the first $2,000 of expenses (and 25 cents on the dollar
for the next $2,000 of expenses), so clients who qualify should pay at least
$2,000 of college costs out of pocket to use the credit.

As Joe Hurley, founder of the Savingforcollege.com website (which has been
acquired by Bankrate), notes, "the American Opportunity credit is available only
to students enrolled at least half-time in a program leading to an undergraduate
degree." Also, this credit is limited to expenses incurred in the first four
years of a student's college education.

"For students who do not qualify for the American Opportunity credit, a Lifetime
Learning tax credit provides a maximum annual credit of $2,000 for tuition and
fees," Hurley says. "Keep in mind, however, that both tax credits operate more
like rebates than discounts. They're not applied directly to tuition bills, but
are instead made available once you've paid tuition." Again, the Lifetime
Learning credit (which is 20 cents on the dollar) can't be applied to expenses
paid with 529 withdrawals, so clients should be careful with 529 withdrawals if
they intend to use either credit. Clients can use both in the same year, but not
for the same student.

WAITING FOR THE REBOUND

As discussed above, some clients may have 529 college savings plans. "Many of
those plans are age-based, so they switch from stocks to bonds as the child
approaches college," Kantrowitz says. "In those plans, losses may not have been
as steep as they were in the stock market last year." Nevertheless, a dreadful
year for stock funds, combined with a poor year for many bond funds, has driven
down the value of many clients' 529 accounts.

Clients with younger children can keep contributing and hope for a rebound.
Parents of college and pre-college students, though, may have few options other
than using 529 plan withdrawals to pay for higher education. "We have advised
clients to pay for college from cash flow or from cash reserves. This delays
liquidation of 529 assets as long as possible, allowing for a recovery,"
Chasnoff says. "However, clients should be mindful to reimburse themselves
before the end of the calendar year in which the expenses were charged and
incurred."

That is, a client might pay $20,000 out of pocket for college in 2009, leaving a
529 account in place in the hope of tax-free growth. Before the end of 2009,
though, the client should withdraw the $20,000 from the 529 account if that
client intends to pay for college with 529 funds. (If the client qualifies for
the American Opportunity tax credit, he might withdraw only $16,000 from the 529
account and claim a $2,500 tax credit for the $4,000 net cost.)

And what if the market doesn't come back? If the client has other funds that can
cover college bills without disrupting his or her financial plan, keep the money
in the 529 as long as feasible, in hopes of future tax-free growth. In any case,
clients should spend down their 529 funds if a child is finishing school and
there is no younger sibling who could use the funds in the future.

Hurley suggests that parents of college-bound children realize losses in their
taxable accounts to lock in tax benefits. The proceeds can be reinvested in 529
accounts so that any future gains from today's low levels can be withdrawn,
tax-free, to pay for college later on-even, perhaps, in graduate school.

URL: http://www.financial-planning.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                        Copyright 2009 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              943 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       April 8, 2005 Friday Home Edition

BRAVES 4, MARLINS 2: Braves enhance park to reverse gate decline

BYLINE: TIM TUCKER

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 1E;

LENGTH: 834 words


As the Braves have extended their streak of division championships to an
unprecedented 13, they also have compiled a seemingly contradictory streak:
seven consecutive seasons of declining attendance.

The team's attendance tumbled from 3.46 million in 1997, its first year at
Turner Field, to 2.32 million last season. To put that loss of 1.14 million
customers in perspective: It's enough to fill the Georgia Dome for two full
Falcons seasons.

Aiming to extend their success on the field and end their slump in the stands,
the Braves open their 2005 home season at a revamped Turner Field tonight
against the New York Mets.

"I believe our total fan base has not diminished in the past [seven] years, but
what has happened is that the amount of those fans who come to Turner Field has
diminished," said Derek Schiller, the Braves' senior vice president of sales and
marketing. "That means the experience of coming to the ballpark wasn't good
enough to get certain fans here. And that means we needed to make changes."

The Braves have made a number of off-the-field changes designed to enhance the
experience of coming to the ballpark. They include a new traffic plan, a new
kids' play area under construction, new concessions stands and $12 million worth
of new video boards, including the much-talked-about 5,600-square-foot,
high-definition screen in center field.

The premise behind the changes is that increasing attendance requires a stronger
appeal to casual fans, particularly families, to whom the game itself is not
necessarily a sufficient reason for coming to the ballpark.

"The hard-core baseball fan is probably less concerned about our video board, a
cold hot dog, a bad parking experience," acknowledged Mike Plant, the Braves'
executive vice president of business operations. But for the Braves and all but
a few major league teams, Plant said, such hard-core fans might add up to no
more than 8,000 to 10,000 people in the stadium on any given night.

"All the research tells us that the majority of people do care about this other
stuff," said Plant, who, like Schiller, is in his second year with the Braves.

"We are an entertainment option, and this city has a lot of them," Plant said.

The Braves have done extensive research about why so many fans --- particularly
season-ticket holders --- stayed away from the ballpark over the past seven
seasons. Eighty percent of the drop in attendance is accounted for by a decline
in full and partial season-ticket sales.

"The research supports that the reason we started losing fans was not so much
apathy toward a winning team, although that might be one of the factors, but the
overall experience here," Plant said.

Some of the decline was probably inevitable, considering that in 1997 the Braves
were coming off back-to-back World Series and opening a much-anticipated new
stadium. Other oft-cited factors for the decline include the team's postseason
disappointments, parking and traffic problems, price of tickets and concessions,
competition for disposable income and shortened summer vacations from schools.

Last season's payroll reduction, which resulted in the departure of star players
Greg Maddux, Gary Sheffield and Javy Lopez, also alienated some fans.  But the
attendance drop was much larger in 2001, 2002 and 2003 --- three seasons in
which the payroll went up. In 2003, with Maddux, Sheffield and Lopez still on
the team and the payroll at $100 million, attendance dropped by 202,000 from the
year before. Last season, it fell by another 78,000.

What the Braves glean from research is that for the majority of people, the
decision on whether to attend games is less driven by wins and losses than by
the overall entertainment experience.

"That's what they have told us," Plant said. "Now, that is somewhat jaded, I
believe, because winning is the expected thing we do here."

"I wonder what Brewers fans would say," he added, referring to the Milwaukee
Brewers, who have had 12 consecutive losing seasons.

While not discounting the value of victories, the Braves are convinced they must
broaden their attraction.

The team and corporate sibling Cartoon Network are building a $3 million
interactive park in the stadium's entry plaza that is intended to lure more
families with kids. A new dining and drinking area high above right field, "Top
of the Chop," is supposed to appeal to young adults. The new video boards are
supposed to reinvigorate the stadium.

Another part of the Braves' strategy is to make fans feel more catered to and
appreciated.

"We want this to be the Ritz-Carlton of ballparks," Plant said.

The team last year hired a director of guest services, Rob George, from the
Ritz-Carlton.

"At the end of the day, the foundation of the experience is what happens on the
field, and that foundation is obviously pretty well established with 13 straight
division titles," Schiller said. "We feel this is a perfect opportunity to
improve on the rest."

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: SHRINKING CROWDS The Braves' attendance since moving into Turner Field:
Year..Attendance..Avg. 1997..3,464,488...42,771 1998..3,361,350...41,498
1999..3,284,897...40,554 2000..3,234,897...39,930 2001..2,823,494...34,858
2002..2,603,482...32,142 2003..2,401,084...30,393 2004..2,322,565...29,400 ;
HOME OPENER > Opponent: N.Y. Mets > When

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              944 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JULY 2, 1995 Sunday FINAL EDITION

ONE FOR THE OWL BUT THE ENDANGERED SPECIES ACT IS STILL IN DANGER. /

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. E06

LENGTH: 446 words


The good news last week from the U.S. Supreme Court was that the government has
the right to stop private landowners from so messing with Mother Nature -
cutting trees, draining ponds and such - that the survival of entire species are
endangered. The spotted owl, for one.

The bad news, of course, is that logging interests and others are close to
persuading the new Congress that government ought to forfeit, or at least forgo,
that right.

If they win, we are all diminished. Not wiped out. Not threatened with
extinction (though woodpeckers, eagles and flora better head for the hills).
Just simply, sadly diminished.

The law is the easy part of this case. What an earlier Congress said, in the old
days when it was wise and good to be "green," was that it was a crime to "take"
an endangered species, as in harm, shoot, harass or otherwise render it even
rarer.

The Interior Department went the next step, saying that landowners couldn't so
tear up their terrain as to make it impossible for owls or eagles or other
close-to-extinction species to live there.

It's that step that the high court just endorsed, saying that protecting a
species implies protecting its home - be it on humble public land or the timber
company's spread.

The logic is blinding.

Yet we are about to be treated to an ideological crusade, one that may very well
neutralize the court's ruling, but not its logic - nor that of those who (guided
by smart science) framed the newly endangered Endangered Species Act.

For example, Oregon's Sen. Bob Packwood is already mouthing know-nothing sound
bites. The ruling, he said, makes it imperative that Congress amend the act "so
that people count as much as bugs and birds and plants."

Well, people do, of course. Which is precisely why it's smart not to let nature
get too far out of kilter.

Does Mr. Packwood think we'd be better off if we got rid of all God's plants and
critters that keep the forest healthy, that gobble the pests, that filter the
air, that trap the floods and that lay down their lives so that red-blooded
Americans can grill their remains on the Fourth of July?

Not hardly.

Nowhere does he say - as should be said - that species such as the spotted owl
are "keystone species," the disappearance of which, as Vice President Gore has
noted, signals the loss of an entire ecosystem.

Nowhere does he acknowledge the unsmart logging practices that not only damage
forest diversity but also contribute to the loss of jobs.

As the opponents of wise stewardship of private habitat saddle up this summer,
the challenge is to ensure that science - and the public interest - don't get
trampled in the stampede.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                  Copyright 1995 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              945 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                    January 4, 2005 Tuesday ST. PAUL EDITION

IS VIKINGS SALE TO TAYLOR NEAR?

BYLINE: CHARLEY WALTERS

SECTION: SPORTS; SHOOTER; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 955 words


Rumors were hot Monday at the Vikings' Eden Prairie offices that Timberwolves
owner Glen Taylor is closing in on a purchase of the Vikings from Red McCombs.

Taylor wouldn't comment Monday, but it has been reported in this column for
several months that he remains seriously interested in buying the NFL team for
what he considers a fair market price. Taylor's interest hasn't diminished, and
if McCombs is serious about selling the Vikings, a deal could be reached as
early as this month.

The time is ripe for a sale. The Vikings are in a downslide and Sunday's loss in
Washington is expected to result in hundreds , if not thousands of season ticket
cancellations. McCombs hasn't experienced a local TV blackout since he bought
the Vikings for $245 million six years ago, but diminished attendance could
cause that next season.

Taylor, a billionaire from Mankato, Minn., quietly has positioned himself during
the past year to buy the Vikings. Don't think he hasn't met with top NFL
officials, as well as various team owners who would eagerly approve a sale.

McCombs, a billionaire from San Antonio, Texas, has positioned himself over the
past year to sell the Vikings, limiting his investment in the team and running
it at minimal expense, from the coaching staff on down. Don't think the NFL
wouldn't love to have Taylor as a partner and McCombs as an ex-partner.

Chances of the state Legislature providing an out-of-town owner like McCombs
with financial help for a new stadium are virtually zero. With Taylor, a former
Minnesota legislative leader, as owner, chances for a new stadium would improve
significantly.

With the state legislative session beginning, the timing for a sale to Taylor
couldn't be better.

Look for the process to heat up in the next couple of weeks.

A year ago, during a trip to New York with his Timberwolves, Taylor met with NFL
commissioner Paul Tagliabue about joining the league. Taylor won't comment, but
it's a good bet he met again with the NFL during his visit to New York last
week, when the Wolves were in town to play the Knicks.

Insiders say Taylor would have no problem assembling an investment group to buy
the Vikings. The only problem is getting McCombs to sell. A sale price of $550
million, more than double McCombs' initial investment, should get the deal done.

Blaine remains the front-runner as a site for a new stadium.

-- As expected, stadium lobbyist Lester Bagley has agreed to a new deal with the
Vikings, meaning the team will have a presence at this year's legislative
session.

-- Former Twins pitcher Bert Blyleven, the popular Twins broadcaster who should
be in the Baseball Hall of Fame in Cooperstown, N.Y., said Monday he's not
optimistic he'll be among the honorees announced today.

"Hopefully, though, it will happen someday," Blyleven said from Fort Myers, Fla.
"I've got no control over that, but the numbers don't lie. The (voters) must not
look at the numbers."

-- Gophers men's basketball coach Dan Monson watched Braham High School junior
Isaiah Dahlman, whom he is recruiting, earn MVP honors at the recent Bethel
College tournament. Iowa had an assistant coach in attendance.

Dahlman, the state's top recruit, will be on display Jan. 29 at Target Center
when Braham plays a prep team from Compton, Calif.

-- Monson is in Camden, N.J., today to watch Kevin Payton, who has committed to
the Gophers, play for Creative Arts High School, for whom he has scored a total
of 40 points in his past two games.

-- Kansas is in hot pursuit of Bloomington Jefferson sophomore basketball center
Cole Aldrich, as is Minnesota. Iowa State is closely pursuing Duluth East junior
power forward Cory Johnson, and during the holidays Iowa offered a tender to
Henry Sibley sophomore Trevor Mbakwe.

The 6-foot-8 Mbakwe is a hidden gem. Kansas, Minnesota, Michigan and Purdue will
be among a horde of schools at St. Thomas Academy on Friday night when the
Cadets and nationally recruited Bryce Webster, a 6-10 junior, play host to Henry
Sibley.

-- Timberwolves coach Flip Saunders, whose son Ryan is a freshman player for the
Gophers, attended Monday's game against Loyola Marymount at Williams Arena.

-- Former Gopher Rick Rickert has started one of the 12 games he's played for
the Asheville Altitude of the National Basketball Development League, and is
averaging 6.7 points, 3.2 rebounds and 18 minutes.

-- Former Gopher Dusty Rychart of Grand Rapids, Minn., and former Duke player
Nick Horvath of Mounds View have been named to the 10-member World All-Star
Australia basketball team that will play Jan. 19.

DON'T PRINT THAT

-- The Twins are expected to offer Cy Young Award winner Johan Santana a $20
million, three-year contract this month that would commit him through 2007, his
first year of free agency. But it's expected to take $25 million to sign the
25-year-old left-hander, who might be able to win $6 million in salary
arbitration in February. Last year, Santana, seeking $2.5 million in
arbitration, lost his case and had to settle for $1.6 million.

-- Pssst.: A local entrepreneur wants to lure the Vikings to Eagan as part of a
multi billion-dollar entertainment/stadium complex linked to a state gaming
proposal.

-- Look for the University of Minnesota to expedite its investigation of alleged
NCAA violations in the Gophers men's tennis program, and to self-report to the
NCAA.

OVERHEARD

-- Coach Mike Tice, who expected his Vikings to win decidedly against Washington
on Sunday: "I thought it was going to be a blowout. I must be nuts."

Charley Walters' column appears Tuesdays, Wednesdays, Thursdays, Fridays and
Sundays. He can be reached at cwalters@pioneerpress.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

Johan Santan

                     Copyright 2005 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              946 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                              June 29, 2008 Sunday
                                 Early Edition

Athletes are clean until proven otherwise; Mark Sutcliffe notes that athletes in
sports like cycling and track are paying for the sins of their predecessors.

BYLINE: Mark Sutcliffe, The Ottawa Citizen

SECTION: SPORTS; Mark Sutcliffe; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 837  words


When an elite athlete is caught cheating, it doesn't just discredit his
performance, it damages the credibility of the entire sport. Even worse, it
casts doubt on the performances of other athletes, some of whom are honest and
clean.

The Tour de France, which begins Saturday, is one of the world's greatest
events. But the sport of cycling is still struggling with major credibility
problems after doping scandals and suspicions and allegations about some of its
biggest stars. Floyd Landis was stripped of the 2006 title after testing
positive for a banned substance.

The results of Landis' legal challenge will be revealed tomorrow but even if
he's exonerated, which is unlikely, it will do little to change perceptions
about the sport. When the winner is crowned a month from now, the skeptics will
raise their eyebrows and his glory will be diminished.

And 20 years after Ben Johnson was stripped of his gold medal at the Seoul
Olympics, elite sprinters face similar skepticism.

Last month, Usain Bolt of Jamaica set a new world record of 9.72 seconds in the
100 metres. Bolt has never failed a drug test and there is absolutely no
evidence he has ever cheated (his coach says he's afraid to take vitamin C). But
thanks to Johnson and many other drug scandals involving sprinters since then,
it wasn't long before suspicious minds kicked into overdrive.

And what should have been a landmark moment for the sport was diminished by
innuendo.

In a story headlined "Doubts Rise as 100-Meter Record Falls," the New York Times
wrote this month that wariness is now a consequence of any major accomplishment
in sprinting.

Bolt's world-record performance, the Times pointed out, was only his fifth
100-metre race as a professional, further fuelling the skepticism.

After a series of scandals involving champion sprinters like Justin Gatlin,
Marion Jones and Tim Montgomery, it may take a long time before a world-record
performance is free from suspicion. Mary Wittenberg, the race director of the
New York City Marathon, suggested it may take a generation for sprinting to
recover from perception problems.

Unfortunately, sports like track and field and cycling are caught in an
uncomfortable position that the harder you work to clean up your sport, the
worse your reputation becomes. Track and field and cycling have some of the
toughest and most comprehensive testing programs in all of sport. But the more
cheaters they catch, the greater the perception that cheating is widespread.

On the other hand, hockey, as one example, has almost no drug scandals. Is that
because hockey players are less likely to cheat or because the sport has done
less than others to screen for illegal substances?

"The reward for doing the right thing is being labelled as having a drug
problem," said Craig Masback, the former chief executive of USA Track and Field,
last year.

Part of the problem is the fact that it's impossible to prove a negative. You
can prove guilt but not innocence. We know for certain that

Marion Jones cheated. But we can never be sure that Lance Armstrong, for
example, didn't.

That's why some perspective is required. If Bolt has done nothing to cause
suspicion other than to run a really fast time, is it really fair for the Times
to suggest in its headline that doubts are rising and start the article by
asking whether Bolt's performance was legal?

Since he passed the post-race drug test, it was legal. So, why ask the question?

Some athletes are so concerned about perceptions that they are volunteering for
a higher level of testing than the sport's rules require. Tyson Gay, the 2007
world champion in the 100 and 200 metres, is having his blood and urine tested
regularly.

That's a welcome move and other athletes should consider doing the same, to
burnish not only their own reputations but the image of their sports. (In
contrast, home-run hero Sammy Sosa once testified he was ready to take a drug
test anytime, but exploded at a Sports Illustrated columnist who later
approached him and offered him the opportunity.)

But we can't expect every athlete to volunteer for extra testing. And even
athletes who are tested only when the sport demands it should be entitled to the
presumption of innocence.

Spectators are wary of latching on to a great story and then having the rug
pulled out from under them by news of a positive drug test. But we should all
acknowledge that especially in sports like track and field and cycling, more is
being done to catch cheaters than ever before.

So when the winning cyclist crosses the finish line in Paris on July 27, or Bolt
or another runner captures the gold medal in the 100 metres in Beijing, it may
be tempting to hold back admiration and offer up more skepticism. But that would
mean letting the cheaters ruin the performances of other athletes.

When a rising star like Bolt turns in a remarkable performance, we should enjoy
the moment and let him do the same. Until he fails a drug test or is
photographed walking out of a laboratory in San Francisco, we should assume he's
clean.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Sports; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              947 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                               Belfast Telegraph

                           February 8, 2014 Saturday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Tell Scots: we want you with us in UK;
Cameron's message on independence vote

BYLINE: ANDREW WOODCOCK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 507 words


DAVID Cameron has called on the people of Northern Ireland to send a message to
Scotland as it prepares to vote in the independence referendum: "We want you to
stay."

In a speech at the Olympic Park in east London, the Prime Minister summoned up
the spirit of patriotism of the 2012 Games as he argued that the whole country
will lose if Scotland votes to leave the UK.

While accepting that the decision on September 18 is a matter for Scots alone,
Mr Cameron urged the English, Welsh and Northern Irish to do whatever they can
to influence the outcome, telling them: "You don''t have a vote, but you do have
a voice."

"  But Scotland's Deputy First Minister Nicola Sturgeon said Mr Cameron was
"cowardly" for not making the speech in Scotland and claimed it was a "shameful"
bid to use the Olympics politically on the day the 2014 Winter Games begin in
Russia.

The keynote speech was Mr Cameron''s most high-profile intervention in a
referendum campaign in which he has repeatedly stated his passionate desire to
preserve the Union but has refused to debate with Scottish First Minister Alex
Salmond.

Independence would be bad for Scotland but would also leave the United Kingdom
"deeply diminished" and would "rip the rug from under our own reputation" in the
world, Mr Cameron said.

With seven months to go to the poll, the outcome remains "up in the air", the
Prime Minister said. There must be no complacency among those supporting the
preservation of the Union, who must do "whatever it takes" to persuade the Scots
to vote "No" to separation.

At a location carefully chosen to symbolise the successes of the whole United
Kingdom working together as "Team GB", Mr Cameron said the Olympic medals were
won under the banner of a Union flag that was not only red and white but also
blue. And he added: "It''s Team GB I want to talk about today - our United
Kingdom."

He added: "We would be deeply diminished without Scotland. This matters to all
our futures. And everyone in the UK can have a voice in this debate.

"Let the message ring out from Manchester to Motherwell, from Pembrokeshire to
Perth, from Belfast to Bute, from us to the people of Scotland.

"Let the message be this: We want you to stay."

"  But Nicola Sturgeon said the Prime Minister's intervention is a sign of
"jitters" in the 'No' ' camp in the face of polls showing growing enthusiasm for
independence.

factfile The surname Cameron is thought to have two possible origins: from
Scottish Gaelic cam srón, meaning crooked nose; or from several Scottish places
called Cameron. The Camerons were a clan in the western Scottish highlands,
possibly of Danish origin. During the Second World War, the Cameron Highlanders
were the last regiment to wear kilts into battle. David Cameron's father Ian was
born in Huntly, Aberdeenshire.

SCOTLAND: FACTS AND FIGURES

790 The number of islands in Scotland... 130 of which are inhabited

5.2m The population of Scotland according to 2002 census - 8% of the UK total

167.5 The number of inhabitants per square mile compared - this compares to 339
in NI

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: David Cameron gives his speech at the Olympic Park in London on
Scottish independence PA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BTT


                Copyright 2014 Belfast Telegraph Newspapers Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              948 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           February 23, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

High court torn over law banning lie about medals

BYLINE: , The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 503 words


The Supreme Court appeared sharply divided Wednesday over the validity of a law
that makes it a crime to lie about having been awarded top military honors.

The justices engaged in spirited debate over the constitutionality of a 2006 law
aimed at curbing false claims about military exploits.

Some justices said they worried that upholding the Stolen Valor Act could lead
to other limits on speech, including laws that might make it illegal to lie
about an extramarital affair or a college degree, or to impress a date.

"Where do you stop?" Chief Justice John Roberts asked.

Roberts joined other justices in indicating that the court could make clear
that, if it upheld the law, it would only be endorsing an effort to prevent
people from demeaning the system of military honors  established by Gen. George
Washington in 1782. Washington  commanded  the forces that won independence from
Britain and was later the first U.S. president.

The Constitution's First Amendment specifies that Americans have freedom of
speech --  although that freedom's boundaries have been challenged over the two
centuries since the Constitution took effect.

Solicitor General Donald Verrilli, the Obama administration's top Supreme Court
lawyer, defended the Stolen Valor Act as an effort to "protect the integrity of
the honors system."

Justice Sonia Sotomayor seemed the least willing member of the court to accept
the administration's argument. She disputed that the value of the highest award,
the Medal of Honor, or any others is diminished because some people lie about
having received them.

She said the issue provokes a justifiable emotional reaction but previous
Supreme Court cases make clear that taking offense by itself is not enough to
justify limiting speech.

"So outside of the emotional reaction, where's the harm? And I'm not minimizing
it. I, too, take offense when people make these kinds of claims, but I take
offense when someone I'm dating makes a claim that's not true," said Sotomayor,
who is divorced.

On the other side was Justice Antonin Scalia: "When Congress passed this
legislation, I assume it did so because it thought that the value of the awards
that these courageous members of the armed forces were receiving was being
demeaned and diminished by charlatans. That's what Congress thought."

Jonathan Libby, the federal public defender arguing against the law, said
Congress' intent is hard to discern because it passed the legislation without
any hearings.

Libby's client, Xavier Alvarez, was one of the first people prosecuted for
violating the Stolen Valor Act. Alvarez told a meeting of the Three Valleys
Municipal Water District in Pomona, Calif., to which he had been elected, that
he was a wounded war veteran who  received the Medal of Honor. He never served
in the armed forces.

Libby said public exposure of lies about military medals is preferable to
prosecution.

Alvarez "still was exposed for who he was, which was a liar," Libby said.

Veterans groups back the administration.

A decision is likely by late June.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              949 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Qatar Tribune

                           February 2, 2012 Thursday

Dental exam goes well? Thank you fluoride!

LENGTH: 1121  words


JANE E BRODY NYT SYNDICATE I ADMIT to being jealous of my sons for growing up in
a time when vaccines spared them miseries like the measles, mumps and polio
scares that marred my childhood. But I'm most envious of their freedom from the
dental decay that forced me to spend countless miserable hours with my mouth
propped open while the dentist did his best to stay on top of rapidly rotting
teeth.

By my mid-20s, I had already lost one molar and all four wisdom teeth, and every
remaining molar had been restored with fillings.

It's not that I failed to brush my teeth or that I noshed constantly on sweets.
It's that my teeth lacked the protection of fluoride, which was introduced to
New York City's water supply in 1964, five years before my twin sons were born
but 23 years too late for me.

The Centres for Disease Control and Prevention calls fluoridation one of the 10
most valuable public health measures of the 20th century. In the early years,
rates of tooth decay among the young dropped by 60 percent in communities that
adopted fluoridation. My sons, who consumed fluoridated water in reconstituted
milk and orange juice as well as in tap water, completed childhood with not one
cavity. Eventually, 70 percent of the country's towns and cities adopted this
measure, at an annual cost that today ranges from 95 cents to as much as $10 per
person, depending on the size of the community.

And even though it may have diminished the fortunes of the dental community, the
American Dental Association, as well as most national and international health
agencies, endorsed fluoridation without reservation.

In the years since, fluorides have been proved to reduce the rate of tooth decay
in adults as well as in children.

Older adults whose exposed tooth roots are highly susceptible to decay have
particularly benefited.

It didn't take long for commercial interests to hop on the fluoride bandwagon,
introducing toothpastes and mouthwashes with fluoride, along with professionally
prescribed fluoride tablets and drops, gels and varnishes. In addition, through
the socalled diffusion effect, people living in communities without fluoridated
water wind up consuming it in drinks and foods prepared elsewhere.

Together, these secondary effects have diminished the benefit that can be
attributed directly to fluoridated water supplies to a reduction in tooth decay
of about 25 to 40 percent. Still, the cost-to-benefit ratio remains strongly in
favour of fluoridation. Every $1 invested in fluoridation saves approximately
$38 in dental treatment costs, according to the CDC. The cost of a single
filling averages $140, and that's only the beginning. Through the years, a
filled tooth is likely to require further repairs and maybe even extraction and
replacement with a bridge or implant costing thousands of dollars.

None of this, however, has quelled the controversy over the safety of
fluoridation, which dates to the first studies in the 1940s. In addition to
being labelled a Communist plot and an unconstitutional form of mass medication,
fluoridation has been accused of causing a host of medical horrors: heart
disease, cancer, Down s y n d r o m e , AIDS, allergies, Alzheimer's disease,
mental retardation, osteoporosis and fractures, among others.

None of these supposed risks has ever been established in scientifically valid
studies. The only proven risk, a condition called fluorosis, which results in
white and sometimes brownish markings on the teeth from too much fluoride,
rarely results from a normal intake of fluoridated water.

Still, given our increased exposure from other sources, in January 2011 the Food
and Drug Administration proposed reducing the amount of fluoride put into water
supplies to 0.7 milligrams per litre; a range of 0.7 to 1.2 milligrams had long
been the standard.

As with most substances, the dose makes the poison: In very high amounts,
fluoride is toxic, and products containing it should be kept out of reach of
children. The government recommends that fluoride not be given to babies younger
than 6 months - infant formula should be prepared with water that is not
fluoridated - and children younger than 2 should not use fluoridated toothpaste.

Those younger than 6 should use it only with supervision, to be sure they spit
it out. In the past four years, about 200 communities, looking to save money and
rallied by opponents of fluoridation, have opted to stop adding fluoride to
public water supplies.

Fluoridation confers the greatest benefit to those who need it most: the poor
and poorly educated and those with limited access to regular dental care. In the
years ahead, removal of fluoride from drinking water will almost certainly cost
taxpayers millions of dollars in increased Medicaid expenditures.

Out-of-pocket costs will grow for other consumers, too - if not directly from
increased treatment of tooth decay, then from having to use alternate treatments
to glean fluoride protection.

Initially it was thought that fluoride had to become incorporated into tooth
structures as they form in order to be protective. It was later shown that
fluoride's primary benefit is topical, working on teeth already in the mouth.

Tooth enamel is "fluid" - every day minerals are lost from it and added to it in
processes known, respectively, as demineralization and remineralization. Tooth
decay is an infectious disease. Decay occurs when bacteria in the mouth break
down carbohydrates to produce acid that dissolves the minerals in tooth enamel
and dentin. Fluoride, which is present in saliva and concentrates in dental
plaque, inhibits the action of acid on tooth minerals.

It also promotes remineralization by sticking to tooth surfaces, where it
attracts calcium ions present in saliva.

In addition, fluoride in drinking water is taken up by decay-producing bacteria,
which inhibits their ability to produce acid.

Unchecked, dental decay can cause debilitating pain, tooth loss and the need for
dentures. In severe cases, the infection can become bloodborne and deadly.

Some people are especially susceptible to tooth decay, including those with a
history of frequent cavities, people with gum disease, and those who already
have crowns or bridges or who wear braces.

Others at high risk include people with dry mouth problems, like those with
Sjogren's syndrome.

Filtered tap water may or may not contain fluoride.

Reverse-osmosis filters and carbon filters with activated alumina remove most of
the fluoride, but water softeners and charcoal or carbon filters do not.

Some water supplies are naturally fluoridated. If you use well water, it must be
tested to learn the fluoride content.

If you drink bottled water, check the label or contact the company. Distilled
water contains no fluoride.

LOAD-DATE: February 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: 25


                         Copyright 2012 Qatar Tribune.
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              950 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                May 12, 1999, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

SCHOOL CUTS, VOLUNTEER OPPORTUNITIES

BYLINE: Susan Gwen Turk

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B7

LENGTH: 930 words


Now that the dust has cleared from the settlement of the desegregation case, the
Board of Education has begun to use its new-found freedom from court supervision
to do its best with diminished financial resources. But diminished financial
resources lead to decisions where hurting someone is unavoidable.

School administrators have been told that Title I budgets will be cut by 20
percent in the elementary schools to fund high school tutors. High schools had
previously not received Title I funds, but a reinterpretation of Title I
guidelines has changed that. If the court still supervised the schools, it might
have blocked the Title I cuts that are planned.

Title I of the Improving America's Schools Act pays for reading and math
resource teachers and aides in elementary and middle schools. Title I teachers
and aides work with students who need extra help but are not eligible for
special education services. These professionals provide individualized
instruction to children. And they are successful.

I have seen children who were not reading by the end of first grade, children
who didn't have the foggiest idea of what an "f" or an "r" sounded like,
children who hated books and would not let you read to them, turn into
self-confident readers by the end of second grade after finally being assigned
to work with these people individually.

Disappearing funds

High school students need tutors. Ninth grade is when most students drop out.
Tutors might well lower the drop-out rate. Unfortunately, the Title I allocation
to the district will not grow. In fact, it stands to diminish. Congress has just
folded Title I funds into a block grant that removes the stipulation that the
funds go to districts with high concentrations of low-income students.

Since the district does not have enough money to pay both for tutors and for all
the services currently provided to elementary and middle schools, Peter will be
robbed to pay Paul.

Schools are not funded equally under the Title I program. The amount of money a
school gets depends on the poverty index of the neighborhood in which the school
is located, not the poverty of the children attending the school. The poverty
index is determined by the number of households in the neighborhood that qualify
for the free and reduced lunch program. If the index is above 90 percent, the
school gets $ 600 per eligible child. If the index is between 80 and 90 percent,
the school gets $ 533 per child. Below 80 percent, it's $ 515. And below 40
percent it's $ 400. Below a certain threshold, the school gets nothing.

The difference for two schools with the same number of equally disadvantaged
children can be as much as $ 80,000 because of the affluence of the
neighborhood. In many neighborhoods, the more affluent people send their
children to parochial or private schools. The low-income kids in public school
are actually disadvantaged by living in a more affluent neighborhood because
federal funds are cut.

A school that receives a low allocation may only be able to pay for two or three
teachers. With larger allocations, schools not only are able to hire more staff,
but they can pay for specialized training for the rest of the staff, supplies
and equipment, such as computers and software.

A school with a Title I budget of $ 120,000 will be far more adversely affected
by a 20 percent cut than a school with a $ 240,000 or $ 360,000 allocation.
Across-the-board cuts may seem fair. But just as a flat tax on income adversely
affects the poor, so does it affect schools. One hopes the Board of Education
will consider a graduated cut, if it must cut.

Some parents feel there should be absolutely no cuts in the elementary school
Title I budget. The school district should find other means to pay for the
tutors. If children don't get the extra help they need in the early grades, the
need in high school will be considerably worse than it currently is. The
district has not campaigned for volunteers from the public or the business
community. It should. If Civic Progress can come up with the resources to get
tax increase propositions passed, it ought to be able to muster their human
resources to come to the schools' aid as well.

Call for widespread support

All the corporate, religious and civic leaders who do not reside in the city and
who supported the tax proposition, as well as the 27,374 people who voted for it
in February, should find 90 minutes a week to volunteer in the schools.

Everyone who supported the settlement of the desegregation case also owes it to
the children in the St. Louis Public Schools to find that time to go into the
schools and make up for reduction in teaching staff caused by the funding cuts.

Let me suggest a citizen's initiative, "One Child, One Tutor." Perhaps if enough
people volunteered, the Board of Education would not feel it necessary to remove
Title I funds from the elementary schools to pay for high school tutors.

A half hour a week of spelling, reading and math tutoring -- one and a half
hours total per child -- can make the difference between academic failure and
success. Once the children begin to experience success, they respond
appropriately. They begin to strive to do better on their own.

Mentors who visit once a month are not enough and the board only has about 1,500
of them. Weekly time spent working with a tutor is vital. it can be the
difference between kids who succeed and kids who fail. To volunteer, call Jean
Player at 652-0734 or just walk into your local school and offer to tutor.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO PHOTO by JASON REDMOND / POST-DISPATCH - Jasmine Wysinger, 7,
(left) a second grader at Peabody grade school in St. Louis, gets tutored in
spelling by Katie Turnure, 17, at St. Vincent De Paul Church, 1408 S. 10th
Street, earlier this year. The church offers free after school tutoring in math
and reading every Tuesday and Thursday for grades 1-7.

TYPE: Commentary Column

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              951 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 28, 2016 Thursday
                              THU REGIONAL Edition

Interest rates could be on the rise

BYLINE: Martin Crutsinger

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 488 words


The Federal Reserve on Wednesday said that near term risks to the U.S. economy
have diminished, reviving the prospect that it will resume raising interest
rates as soon as September.

The Fed noted that the U.S. job market has rebounded, with robust hiring in June
after a deep slump in May.

At the same time, the Fed said in a statement after its latest policy meeting
that it plans to closely monitor global economic threats and financial
developments to ensure that they don't slow the economy.

The Fed seemed to be referring in particular to Britain's vote last month to
leave the European Union a move that poses risks to the rest of Europe and to
the global economy.

The central bank gave no specific timetable for when it might resume the rate
hikes it began in December, when it raised its benchmark rate from a record low.

But some analysts who had doubted that the Fed would be ready to raise rates as
soon as September said Wednesday's statement appeared to revive that
possibility.

"The Fed is saying that near term risks have diminished, so that certainly puts
September back in play," said Brian Bethune, an economics professor at Tufts
University.

Bethune said he still thought the Fed would wait until December before raising
rates but that a September move was possible if hiring remains strong and the
global economy and markets remain stable.

Analysts said the next important signal of the Fed's thinking could come when
Chair Janet Yellen speaks at an annual central bank conference in late August in
Jackson Hole, Wyo.

The decision to leave its key rate unchanged in a range of 0.25 percent to 0.5
percent was approved on a 9 1 vote. Esther George, the president of the Fed's
Kansas City regional bank, dissented for the third time this year, arguing for
an immediate quarter point rate hike.

A few months ago, it was widely assumed that the Fed would have resumed raising
rates by now. But that was before the U.S. government issued the bleak May jobs
report and Britain's vote last month to quit the EU triggered a brief investor
panic.

Since then, though, a resurgent U.S. economy, the bounce back in hiring and
record highs for stocks have led many economists to predict a Fed move by
December if not sooner.

In June, employers added 287,000 jobs, the most since October.

Stronger consumer spending is thought to have lifted growth. In the spring,
consumers boosted spending at the fastest pace in a decade. Economists also
foresee a lift from business investment, reflecting a rebound from cutbacks in
the energy sector.

All that strength might argue for September rate hike, especially if monthly job
growth equals as least 200,000 between now and then.

Still, the risks of raising rates again too soon and possibly choking off
economic activity may seem greater to the Fed than the risks of waiting longer.

It has room to accelerate its rate increases if the economy were to heat up so
much as to ignite high inflation.

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              952 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                             August 8, 2010 Sunday

Songbirds disappearing

BYLINE: Thomas Griep For the TH

SECTION: C; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 580 words


I recently spent a pleasant evening at a barbecue in a new housing development
in the Tri States area. The houses were beautiful and the lots large, three or
four acres would be my guess.

When driving into the neighborhood I noticed that with the exception of my
hosts, none of the home owners had gotten around to planting anything more than
a few ornamental shrubs right next to their houses. The area was for all
practical purposes a field of mowed grass.

The result was predictable. As we sat outside in the cool of the evening we
heard few bird calls and saw even fewer birds.

The song bird population is plummeting in this country. Naturalists have
documented that since the 1950s the number and variety of birds is much
diminished.

Birds that were once common are now rarely seen or completely gone. In northern
Dubuque County, where I live, quail were once common. Now there are none to be
found. There are half as many whippoorwills around at present as when I was a
boy.

The Iowa DNR estimates that the songbird population is declining 2 to 4 percent
every year. That may not sound much, but a 2 percent annual drop over 25 years
means half as many birds. Unless we change our ways, Silent Spring will become
more than just the title of a book.

The reasons for this alarming drop are many and not fully understood, but
habitat destruction is certainly one of the most important. Every year birds fly
to Central America and the Gulf Coast to find their wintering grounds smaller
due to deforestation and coastal erosion (and now oil slicks). In the spring
they return to diminished nesting areas as more housing developments and
shopping malls spring up.

The good news is that with minimal effort and expense anyone with a lawn can
attract and succor birds. The most important step is to reduce the amount of
mowed grass. A well-manicured lawn looks great but birds require food and cover,
both of which are in short supply where the mower goes.

Corners and edges of lawns can be replaced by bushes and small trees which hold
birds throughout the year. Dogwoods, a native species, are ornamental and
provides an abundance of berries in the fall. Ninebark, as the name implies, has
attractive bark and feeds the birds in early winter. And several varieties of
crab apples - Prariefire is one example - hang on to their fruit well into the
winter and provide food for the birds in the hungry days of February.

Leaving dead flowers standing into the winter requires neither expense nor
effort. Most varieties provide valuable seeds as long as their heads remain
above the snow.

For advice on planting, the local library and the Internet are valuable sources
of information. The Audubon Society in particular gives practical advice. With
their in-depth knowledge of which plants thrive locally, the nurseries in our
area should also be consulted.

The bad news is that while our backyard efforts will help, they are by no
stretch of the imagination a solution to the problem. The US Census Bureau
estimates that in the year 2060, when my hoped-for grandchildren are 40 years
old, the population will have increased by 120 million. That is equal to the
number of people currently living west of the Mississippi. Projected population
growth south of the border is equally worrisome.

Given the wonders of modern agriculture I'm certain we will be able to feed
these numbers even if it means all of us living in high rise apartment buildings
and living on lentils, but where will the birds nest?

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              953 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             July 20, 2004 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Stark hurt in first inning Starter gives up 8 runs, 10 hits PADRES 13, ROCKIES 6

BYLINE: Troy E. Renck Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-01

LENGTH: 548 words


Seventy pitches is not a long time. Barely enough to break a sweat on a cool
Monday evening. But for Denny Stark it was enough to kill his dream of sticking
in the big leagues.

The San Diego Padres ambushed the Rockies' starter, bare-knuckling their way to
a 13-6 victory at Coors Field.

As Stark extracted himself from the rotation, a bad became a worse when he
suffered a strained right groin on the last pitch of the first inning. He was
placed on the 15-day disabled list after tests revealed soreness and diminished
strength that would prevent him from throwing a bullpen session Thursday.

"He didn't give us a very good shot at winning the ballgame," manager Clint
Hurdle said. "The pitches (before he was hurt) weren't very good. He hasn't
pitched well since he came back. We will assess our situation (today)."

The first hint of trouble started with the first batter. Sean Burroughs singled
to left field. As the hits piled up, the announced crowd of 25,530 began hurling
boos that grew louder with each run. Their opinion revealed a harsh truth:
Stark, in a diminished capacity, served as a punching bag for eager hitters in
what might have been his last start as a Rockie.

Stark said the injury has been bothering him since a July 6 outing at San
Francisco. He didn't reveal the problem to trainer Tom Probst until Monday,
leaving Hurdle scrambling to find a replacement. In-house candidates include
Travis Driskill and Adam Bernero, who was shipped back to the bullpen before the
game.

"I don't know how much it affected me," Stark said. "I just know that when I
looked at the tape all my pitches were up."

Stark hasn't won since Sept. 27, and despite dominating in Triple-A, is saddled
with an 0-5 record and 11.42 ERA. Injuries to Joe Kennedy and prospect Chin-Hui
Tsao coupled with Bernero's ineffectiveness only muddied the situation.

Jeff Fassero replaced Bernero, a spot he figures to occupy for two starts while
Kennedy's left shoulder heals. No one in the organization is pitching better
than Jeff Francis, but the Rockies are, for now, resisting the temptation to
promote the left-hander.

"We will let Jeff continue to get his starts in Triple-A," Rockies general
manager Dan O'Dowd said, "then make a decision."

One reason for keeping Francis with the Sky Sox is altitude training. But he's
not scheduled to start in Colorado Springs anytime soon as part of a scheduling
quirk. Francis, the team's top pick in the 2002 draft, dominated New Orleans in
his Triple-A debut Saturday, striking out 12 and surrendering one hit in seven
innings.

"He was painting (the corners)," Dris-

kill said.

The Rockies' offense continued cruising, injected with nitro methane by Jeromy
Burnitz. The left fielder crushed two homers, reaching 21 homers, the seventh
time in his career he's hit 20.

With the way Stark pitched, this was not a game the Rockies were going to win
regardless of what Burnitz did. After two shaky road outings in pitcher-friendly
parks, Stark faced the Padres clinging to his spot. His fastball consistently
hit 86 mph in the first, leading to a parade of line drives. The total damage
was frightening: eight runs and 10 hits, including a homer from Terrence Long,
just his second in 179 at-bats.

Staff writer Troy E. Renck can be reached at 303-820-5457 or
trenck@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              954 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                 Hobart Mercury

                             June 12, 1990 Tuesday

BYLINE: AAP

LENGTH: 162 words


Civil War in Liberia has caused more than 1,000 deaths . . . and the pain was
not diminished in evacuations yesterday for this young Liberian girl who, with
the tears and wringing hands, saw close friends leave for the US.

Liberty leaves Liberia US-chartered jets began evacuating Americans from the
war-shattered West African nation of Liberia yesterday, a day after the
government and rebels agreed to begin peace talks without an official ceasefire.

"We'll probably lose everything, everything, to looters," said Caroline Jackson,
who was returning to Atlanta with her husband, a diamond miner.

"It is better if she leaves," said Rosalind Towe as she put her three-year-old
daughter, Zanwhea, on the plane. "If I have to run for my life I can't run with
her." Three evacuation flights left the capital Monrovia bound for South
Carolina. Many were Liberians holding US passports.

Liberia, founded by freed American slaves, has close relations with the US.

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Civil War in Liberia has caused more than 1,000 deaths . . . and
thepain was not diminished in evacuations yesterday for this youngLiberian girl
who, with the tears and wringing hands, saw closefriends leave for the US.916AAP

JOURNAL-CODE: MER

                   Copyright 1990 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              955 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                          November 30, 2005 Wednesday
                                National Edition

HOCKEY NOTEBOOK

BYLINE: Canadian Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. S7

LENGTH: 761 words


Busy day

on waiver wire

Simon Gamache was claimed by the St. Louis Blues from the Nashville Predators,
Ron Hainsey was taken by the Columbus Blue Jackets from the Montreal Canadiens
and Colton Orr joined the New York Rangers from the Boston Bruins on waivers in
the National Hockey League yesterday.

Gamache was getting diminished ice time with the Predators. During the NHL
lockout last season, he finished fifth in American Hockey League scoring with 86
points for the Milwaukee Admirals. In 2001, the native of Thetford Mines, Que.,
was the top point-getter and most outstanding player in Canadian major-junior
hockey. The Blues sent defenceman Jeff Woywitka to the AHL's Peoria Rivermen to
make room for Gamache.

Hainsey joins a Blue Jackets team in need of defencemen. Adam Foote is on
injured reserve after straining a groin muscle against Nashville last week.
Hainsey appeared in 32 games with Montreal from 2002 to 2004. He had 17 points
in 22 games with the Hamilton Bulldogs of the AHL this season.

Orr, a rookie from Winnipeg who was never drafted by an NHL club, was the
Bruins' enforcer this season. He'd been a healthy scratch lately.

"That role has diminished," general manager Mike O'Connell said. "The game has
changed."

The Bruins also placed Shawn McEachern on waivers, and he cleared them, which
means he'll probably be sent to the Providence Bruins of the AHL.

Also placed on waivers were Pittsburgh Penguins goaltender Jocelyn Thibault,
Florida Panthers left winger Kristian Huselius and Chicago Blackhawks centre
Mikhail Yakubov.

Thibault, expected to be Pittsburgh's starter when the season began, is 1-7-2
and has a 4.38 goals-against average and .880 save percentage in 12 games.

The Penguins made the move one day after calling up goaltender Marc-André Fleury
from the Wilkes-Barre/Scranton Penguins of the AHL. Fleury was the top pick in
the 2003 NHL draft.

Thibault signed a $3-million (U.S.), two-year contract after being traded to
Pittsburgh by Chicago in August.

Habs call up Côté

to replace Markov

With Andrei Markov suspended for three games for shoving a linesman after a 4-3
loss in Toronto last Saturday, the Canadiens called up defenceman Jean-Philippe
Côté from their AHL affiliate in Hamilton. They'd tried to call up Hainsey, but
he was claimed on waivers by Columbus.

Côté, 23, of Charlesbourg, Que., had played for the Bulldogs since the autumn of
2003. He had no points and 34 penalty minutes in 14 games this season.

Gretzky says Joseph

deserves Olympic spot

Curtis Joseph is doing his best to play his way onto Canada's Olympic team.

Joseph is 11-7-0 and has a 2.12 goals-against average and .932 save percentage
with the Phoenix Coyotes. Joseph, 38, has been outstanding, says head coach
Wayne Gretzky, who, as the executive director of the Canadian men's team for the
Winter Games in February, will have the final say on player selections.

"I'll push for him if he deserves to be there, absolutely, and right now he
deserves to be there," Gretzky told the Arizona Republic.

Primeau's absence

aggravates Clarke

Keith Primeau's prolonged absence from the Philadelphia Flyers' lineup - he has
postconcussion symptoms - is aggravating general manager Bob Clarke.

Primeau was hurt on Oct. 28. He can ride a stationary bike, but hasn't been able
to resume practising.

"It's the strangest thing," Clarke told the Philadelphia Inquirer. "Like I said
to him: 'You do an MRI [magnetic resonance imaging] and does it show anything?
No.' Other players, like [Boyd] Deveraux, were told to retire. He came back and
played and hasn't had a concussion since.

"Other guys get concussions and have all sorts of problems. There are no answers
- not for Keith, not for us."

Primeau doesn't want to hear that he might be done for the season.

"People think I'm finished," he said. "I don't know what the future holds, but
my whole intent is to play."

Fisher continues

to rest at home

Detroit Red Wings defenceman Jiri Fischer continues to rest at home while
recovering from convulsions in a home game on Nov. 21. He slumped off the bench
and was revived after his heart stopped beating.

Fischer, 25, will see two doctors this week to try to figure out why the
incident occurred. Doctors have advised him to do no physical training for four
to six weeks.

Murray still

out of lineup

Forward Glen Murray, out of the Bruins' lineup since straining a groin muscle
last Wednesday in Toronto, didn't accompany the team for a game against the New
Jersey Devils yesterday. He hopes to play at home tomorrow against the Ottawa
Senators.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2005 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              956 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                          December 23, 2009 Wednesday
                                  Mich Edition

Voice of the People

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A5

LENGTH: 613 words


Secret Santa scores plenty of extra points

With our community exhausted from yet another University of Notre Dame coaching
change, many of us have moved on to focus on what we need to do to prepare for
the holidays, finding we hardly have time to breathe.

On Dec. 17, someone and his friends took a breath of a moment to make this
holiday incredible for those so often forgotten. Santa, red suit, beard, black
belt and boots, accompanied by several elves, surprised the Young Adult Services
special needs students at Eggleston Center. The students visited excitedly with
the jolly old guy, honored to accept the gifts he brought for each of them. As
they filed into the hall to return to class, beaming and clinging to their
treasures, one of them proudly said, "Santa is Charlie Weis!"

From all of us at Eggleston Center I would like to thank Charlie and the elves
from Hannah and Friends for making this Christmas season extraordinarily bright.

Suzanne Elliott

South Bend

Fix systems

Here in America we are trying to create jobs for our citizens. At the same time
we are employing many people in China and other countries. Our economy is
suffering while the Chinese are loaning money to other countries, including
America. Why can't we make our own clothing, toys, etc.? We could put a lot of
people to work and the quality of the products would be better. Why are we
supporting the families overseas, and not our own?

The Social Security system has been stretched beyond what was intended.
Disability benefits are given to people who are still able to function very
well. Lawyers are on TV saying we deserve these benefits because we worked and
paid for them. A complete makeover of this system is needed.

Of course, there are some benefits that are needed and used by those who
absolutely cannot work, but there are too many being given these funds when they
could earn a living on their own. The same can be said for the welfare system.

This country needs to get back to "a day's pay for a day's work" motto. Bring
the manufacturing jobs back home, so we can support our families and give to
those who cannot do so.

Kathleen LaCava

Mishawaka

It's wrong

On Nov. 18 it was announced that South Bend Mayor Stephen Luecke and the Common
Council want to expand Coveleski Regional Stadium to attract more people. The
cost of this expansion will be in the neighborhood of $40 million. Most of the
cost will come out of taxpayers' pockets. How can the city and county be broke
one month yet plan to spend $40 million the next? This announcement came in the
month following the passing of an option tax, a tax stated as necessary or there
would be diminished police and fire protection. The veiled threat of diminished
protection caused people to allow the tax to pass. Who gave these people the
right to tax? The Constitution of the United States gives the federal government
and only the federal government the right to tax and what it can tax is
explicit. Read the Constitution.

Bertran J. Skelton

South Bend

Xmas spirit

This is a special, heartfelt thank you to the gentleman who made me the
recipient of a pleasant surprise at the checkout on Dec. 17. I had really been
down in the dumps and having trouble getting in the Christmas spirit after my
precious little dog unexpectedly died just a few days earlier.

The shopper's monetary gift lifted my spirits more than he will ever know. He
disappeared before I got a chance to thank him in person so I hope and pray he
reads this so he will know how much his kindness meant to me. God bless him!

I went home, put my groceries away and headed for the basement to get some of my
Christmas decorations!

Charleen E. Williams

Mishawaka

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2009 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              957 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                    August 17, 2005 Wednesday Metro Edition

BRIEFLY

SECTION: Sports; Pg. 9D;

LENGTH: 321 words


N.Y. won't let Holyfield fight

Four-time heavyweight champion Evander Holyfield of Atlanta refuses to give up
his ambition to reign again. But he might have t. He has been banned from
fighting in New York by the state's athletic commission, whose three members
voted unanimously Tuesday to place Holyfield on indefinite administrative
suspension, citing his "diminished skills and poor performance."

Holyfield, 42, lost to Larry Donald by a lopsided decision in his most recent
bout, on Nov. 13 in New York. He has one victory, four losses and a draw in six
bouts since 2001 and is 2-5-2 since 1999.

"We felt that his skills had significantly diminished, resulting in poor
performance, and that was the basis for our administrative suspension," Ron
Scott Stevens, chairman of the New York State Athletic Commission, said.

HOCKEY: NHL, Europeans sign 2-year deal

Every European hockey federation except Russia signed a two-year transfer
agreement between the NHL and hockey's governing body, ensuring that the NHL
will send players to the 2006 Turin Olympics. The Russian federation rejected
the deal, which regulates financial compensation and limits the number of
players that can leave Europe annually. "Any players signed by the NHL from
Russia will not be regulated by the player transfer agreement," the
International Ice Hockey Federation said. Countries that signed on were the
Czech Republic, Finland, Germany, Slovakia, Sweden and Switzerland.

ETC.: Harvey wins Senior Women's title

Ena Harvey of Greensboro shot a final-round 73 to win her second consecutive
GSGA Senior Women's Championship by seven strokes over Liz Butler of Columbus.
Harvey had a two-day total 148 at the Orchard Golf & Country Club in
Clarkesville. . . . Decatur, with its renovated stadium not quite ready, has
moved Friday's season-opening football game against Rockdale County to Adams
Stadium. Kickoff is at 7:30 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Briefs

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              958 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                     June 2, 1993, Wednesday, City Edition

Stocks rise as bond market rallies

SECTION: BUSINESS; BUSINESS DIGEST; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 515 words



DOW             DOLLAR           YIELD

30 INDUSTRIALS  VS. JAPANESE YEN     30-YEAR U.S. BOND

3552.34         107.15               6.88

+24.91         +0.20                -0.10

Stock prices rose sharply Tuesday, pushed higher by lower interest rates,  some
positive economic news and diminished concern about inflation.

The Dow Jones industrial average surged more than 40 points, briefly  eclipsing
its all-time high, before falling back to close up 24.91 points at  3,552.34.

"Stocks were driven by bonds," said James Melcher, founder and president  of
Balestra Capital in New York.

The yield of the Treasury's main 30-year bond fell to a three-week low of  6.88
percent from late Friday's 6.98 percent.

Bonds performed well for reasons having mostly to do with diminished  inflation
fears, said Hugh Johnson, chief investment officer at First Albany  Corp.
Inflation erodes the value of fixed-income investments such as bonds.

Gold prices, considered an indicator of inflation concerns, tumbled. On the  New
York Commodity Exchange, gold bullion for current delivery lost $ 8.80 to
settle at $ 369.50 a troy ounce. Gold had risen more than $ 40 an ounce from its

 recent lows, set nearly three months ago.

For more on Tuesday's economic reports, see Business Briefs, 2E.

TREASURY YIELDS RISE. Interest rates on short-term Treasury securities rose  in
Tuesday's auction to the highest level in five months. The Treasury  Department
sold $ 12-billion in three-month bills at an average discount rate  of 3.08
percent, up from 3.06 percent last week. Another $ 12-billion was sold  in
six-month bills at an average discount rate of 3.22 percent, up from 3.19
percent last week. The new discount rates understate the actual return to
investors - 3.15 percent for three-month bills and 3.32 percent for a  six-month
bill. In a separate report, the Federal Reserve said Tuesday that  the average
yield for one-year Treasury bills rose to 3.39 percent last week,  up from 3.26
percent the previous week.

NOTE TO READERS. Because of the Memorial Day holiday, the highest yields  chart
will appear in Thursday's Times.

Tampa Bay/State

CONFIDENCE LAGS IN SURVEY. Worries by men about the national economy helped
drag Florida's overall consumer confidence in May to its lowest level in nine
months, University of Florida economists report. The Florida Consumer
Confidence Index, compiled by UF's Bureau of Economic and Business Research,
fell from 82 in April to 76.9 in May.

ALBERTSON'S ADDS ATMS. Albertson's Inc. said it will place a total of 82
automated teller machines in its 74 grocery stores in Florida by the end of
this year. The ATMs will be installed by Affiliated Computer Services of  Dallas
and operate as part of Affiliated's "MoneyMaker" ATM network. For a  fee,
customers of Albertsons will be able to withdraw cash and perform other  basic
transactions at the ATMs. Boise-based Albertson's is the nation's  sixth-largest
food-drug chain.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DIGEST

                            Times Publishing Company


                              959 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 19, 2013 Friday

Ute Tribe accuses agencies of racial profiling

BYLINE: Geoff Liesik Deseret News

LENGTH: 756 words


FORT DUCHESNE, Uintah County ? Leaders of the Ute Indian Tribe have revived
their claims that state and local law enforcement officers in the Uintah Basin
routinely engage in racial profiling of tribal members. The allegations of
police harassment and jurisdictional violations are included in an 11-page
lawsuit filed this week in U.S. District Court. "The tribe is fed up with this
activity," Ute Tribe Business Committee Chairwoman Irene Cuch said Friday.

"Driving while Indian is not a crime in this country." The Business Committee,
which serves as the executive and legislative branches of tribal government, has
named the state of Utah, Duchesne and Uintah counties, and the cities of
Duchesne, Myton and Roosevelt as defendants in its lawsuit. Tribal attorneys
also asked a federal judge Wednesday to reinstate a case filed by the tribe
against the state, the counties and Roosevelt and Duchesne cities in 1975. The
case was dismissed in 2000, after the parties inked a trio of 10-year contracts
that appeared to resolve their jurisdictional disagreements. Only one of those
contracts remains in effect. At issue in both cases is a long-running dispute
over who has criminal and civil regulatory jurisdiction over tribal members in
parts of the Uintah Basin, and whether Congress ever "diminished or
disestablished" the Uncompahgre Indian Reservation, which is part of the larger
Uintah-Ouray Indian Reservation. Tribal leaders cite a 1997 ruling by the 10th
Circuit Court of Appeals, known as Ute V, in arguing that state and local
authorities regularly violate tribal members' rights. In that ruling, the
appellate court held that the Uncompahgre Reservation had not been diminished or
disestablished when unallotted land was returned to public domain in the 1890s.
"The state and counties know where the jurisdictional boundaries lie," Cuch
said, "but they still refuse to acknowledge the 10th Circuit Court's decision.
"They are patrolling in areas that are clearly tribal land," she said. "The
tribe considers this activity to constitute a trespass, especially since these
officers have no authority to come onto the reservation." Uintah County Attorney
G. Mark Thomas, however, called the Ute V decision "ill-reasoned" and said state
and local law enforcement officers do have authority to do what they are doing
under a 1993 U.S. Supreme Court decision. "We're choosing to rely on the ruling
in the Hagen case," Thomas said. In Hagen v. Utah, the nation's highest court
ruled that the Uintah Valley Indian Reservation ? the precursor to the
Uintah-Ouray Reservation ? had been diminished when Congress opened it for
homesteading in the 1900s. That ruling gives state and local authorities civil
and criminal jurisdiction in those areas, Thomas said. "(Tribal leaders) imply
whatever they want to in the law and then they turn around and cry foul when we
try to enforce the law," Thomas said. The tribe's lawsuit makes specific mention
of Thomas' recent prosecutions of individuals who are accused of committing
crimes on land where jurisdiction is in dispute. Keith Kessley Blackhair's case
is one example. Blackhair pleaded guilty in March 2012 in federal court to
beating a man so severely that the victim suffered permanent brain damage. He
began serving a four-month prison sentence two weeks ago. Last June, Thomas
filed an aggravated assault charge against Blackhair in 8th District Court for
the same incident. Thomas said the case, which is still pending, was filed
because he doesn't believe the area where the attack happened is still federally
recognized as "Indian Country." "If you use the analysis of Hagen, it was
disestablished," he said. Blackhair's attorney in the federal case initially
asked the judge to throw the case out, citing a Bureau of Indian Affairs
document that showed the offense hadn't happened in Indian Country. The BIA
later provided another document which showed that it did, and Blackhair pleaded
guilty. Ron Yengich, who is representing Blackhair in the Uintah County case,
has challenged the state's claim of jurisdiction over his client. A state court
judge will hear arguments on the issue in May. Thomas said he would like to see
a ruling that settles the jurisdiction issue once and for all, but he admits
that is unlikely to happen. "We want jurisdiction to be clear. We would like a
resolution," the prosecutor said, "but the challenge is that every time we get a
resolution, it's interpreted differently by different people." Email:
gliesik@desnews.com Twitter: GeoffLiesik

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              960 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                             June 10, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Suit filed claiming property value hurt ;
Heavy industrial businesses contesting rezoning efforts.

BYLINE: Sarah Kahne, Staff Writer

SECTION: METRO II; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: MUSTANG


A third lawsuit against the city of Mustang was filed Wednesday alleging city
officials unfairly diminished the fair market value of heavy industrial property
through the massive rezoning in April.

Johnny Manos and Curt and Renee Callahan earlier filed suit. The latest suit was
filed by Dale and Gary Owens. All are protesting the rezoning of their
properties from heavy industrial to light industrial.

Brothers Dale and Gary Owens own DGO Investments, Superior Ready Mix Concrete
and Elite Construction Co., off SW 59 Street between Czech Hall and Mustang
roads. A sand-and-gravel operation and a trucking operation are permitted on the
rezoned property.

According to court documents, the brothers allege the recent rezoning was
"unreasonable, arbitrary, capricious and without substantial relationship to the
public health, safety, morals or general welfare."

They are asking the court to appoint three "disinterested" people from Oklahoma
County to inspect their property to determine appropriate compensation for the
rezoning.

The Callahans' business, Callahan Steel Buildings, 448 E State Highway 152, also
was affected by the recent rezoning.

They are requesting the court to grant a permanent injunction to keep city
officials from enforcing the zone changes, compensation for an allegedly
diminished property value and for the heavy industrial zoning to be reinstated.

Manos is asking the court to return his heavy industrial zoning or compensate
him for the difference in the property's value under the new zoning.

Manos' property, 221 N County Line Road, is leased to Okie Services, a heavy
equipment repair shop. The shop conducts business that falls under the city's
definition of heavy industrial.

All three property owners protested during the rezoning process, but city
officials said rezoning was necessary to preserve Mustang's image of being a
bedroom community.

Mayor Chad McDowell said although he couldn't comment on any pending litigation
against the city, "there will always be growing pains associated with changing
zoning and development standards within a community."

City leaders elected to rezone seven heavy industrial properties to light
industrial earlier this year to comply with their recently adopted comprehensive
guide.

The zoning changes were justified, they said, with survey results solicited from
Mustang residents during the planning process.




LOAD-DATE: June 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              961 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            August 26, 1999 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Legislature has fewer farmers; ag clout intact

BYLINE: FRED KNAPP Lincoln Journal Star

SECTION: X - FURROWS OF THE PAST, FACES O; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 735 words


Of the 100 men who served in Nebraska's House of Representatives in 1901, 51
were more or less directly connected to agriculture: 42 farmers, 3 stockmen, 3
grain and/or stock dealers, and 3 farm implement dealers.

By 1937, when the first Unicameral met with 43 members, 20 of them fit the same
definition.

At the end of the century, 14 of 49 members, or their spouses, fill the bill.

Those numbers don't necessarily tell the whole story, but they raise a question:
Has ag lost its clout?

The answer, coming from two legislative veterans -- one rural, one urban --
sounds like a "Yes, but..."

"I do believe agricultural influence is waning," says Sen. Roger Wehrbein, who
farms near Plattsmouth. But he adds, "I don't know how major it is."

"We get good cooperation when we need it," says Wehrbein, who has represented
his southeast Nebraska district since 1987 and has been chairman of the
Appropriations Committtee for the last five years.

Wehrbein cites this year's 48-0 passage of LB835, requiring meatpackers to
report prices they pay for animals. "I think the whole Legislature was
sympathetic to what agriculture wanted to do," Wehrbein says.

"Obviously the influence of farm groups is still very, very strong in the
Legislature," says Lincoln Sen. Chris Beutler, who has served in the body since
1979, with one five-year interruption.

The diminished number of farmer-senators does not necessarily translate to
diminished influence for agriculture, he says.

"Whether you're actually on the farm or not, the ag influence is so strong and
the economy is so dependent on it in so many areas, that even though the
representation in rural areas is somewhat more diverse, they still pay enormous
attention to the needs of agriculture."

Agriculture is sometimes divided about what it wants, both senators indicate.

Beutler cites legislation in recent years regulating hog-confinement operations,
beginning with the larger ones.

One camp views large operations as bad, linking them with emptying out rural
areas, forcing school consolidation, pressuring the infrastructure and
environment, and being dominated by out-of-state interests.

On the other side, in Beutler's view, were those who tend to look at issues in
narrower economic terms and who feel that most efficiencies cannot be stopped,
notwithstanding their economic and other effects.

Some in agriculture also view the consolidation of small schools, as rural
populations shrink, as a sign of decline, Wehrbein says.

But others, such as larger farmers who wind up paying big property tax bills for
education, say that money should not continue to be poured into small schools,
Wehrbein adds.

"There's not much sympathy to agriculture on the property tax issue," Wehrbein
says, noting some resentment to the state's taxing agricultural land at 80
percent of market, unlike other property that is taxed at 100 percent.

Still, Wehrbein says, when it comes to agriculture's influence, "I think we've
lost more in Washington than we have in Nebraska.

"With 98 percent of the population off the farm and having very little
relationship to the farm, I don't think we have much concern about agriculture
nationally," he says.

Although Congress is likely to act favorably on emergency farm aid, in general,
"There's more sympathy to large corporations than the survival of agriculture,"
in Wehrbein's view.

"Aid will go out, but it's going to be very difficult to change the direction of
agriculture, which is consolidation, consolidation, consolidation," he says.

Wehrbein, who is promoting study of the structure of agriculture and national
food policy, says he doesn't know what the answer is. But he says he fears the
prospect of "three to four multinational corporations controlling things."

U.S. Sen. Bob Kerrey, D-Neb., said he agrees with Wehrbein that agriculture's
clout is diminishing at the national level.

Kerrey, a member of the Senate Agriculture Committee, pointed to the
proliferation of corporate lobbyists making sure their interests were protected
during the writing of farm legislation.

"It wasn't any farmers out in the lobby," he said. "A farmer in Nebraska doesn't
have the money to do it." Kerrey said he thinks campaign finance laws will have
to be reformed, and a farm bill will have to be written that provides stability
in farm income, for the situation to turn around.

The following fields overflowed:

Section (SECT) = X - Furrows of the Past, Faces of the Future

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sen. Ron Raikes (left), one of Nebraska's farmer-legislators, may be
outnumbered by such urban lawmakers as Lincoln Se. Chris Beutler, but
agriculture still carries much Capitol clout. color photo of senators, JOURNAL
STAR LIBRARY, digital - local news catalog

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 1999 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              962 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Dangerous Guitar Inc

                                 1201 Walnut St
                               Dallas,  TX 75006
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.dangerousguitar.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Guitar lessons online by George Lynch, Redd Volkaert, Clint Strong, Chris
Carrington, Sam Swank, Greg Martin, Bugs Henderson, Kirby Kelley,  Damon
Johnson, Doug Stouffer, Mark Akin, lance Lopez, Tallan Noble Latz, Neil Swanson,
Jerry Don Branch, Guitar Repair, and more. Electric guitar lessons, acoustic
guitar lessons, over 500 beginner guitar lessons, rock guitar lessons, country
guitar lessons, scales and modes, fingerpicking guitar lessons, fingerstyle
guitar lessons, video guitar lessons, lead guitar lessons, learn the guitar,
tune your guitar, advanced guitar lessons,   easy guitar lessons, guitar chord
theory, guitar lessons on line,  guitar method, guitar music theory, how to
learn guitar, learn guitar, online guitar lessons, guitar lessons online.
Resource center with chords and scales, major, minor, pentatonic, diminished,
whole tone, harmonic minor, melodic minor, dominant 7, 7th, minor 7, minor7th,
half diminished, diminished, locrian, Ionian, prygian, Lydian, super locrian,
and more. DGTV hosts entertaining videos, concerts and special events. Jam
tracks in all styles, blues, rock, metal, country, latin, classical, jazz, by
session musicians, wrecking crew, tommy tedecso

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              963 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                         The Daily News of Los Angeles

                            December 27, 2009 Sunday
                                 VALLEY EDITION

City's '09 was time to hold the line;
COUNCIL: Diminished expectations was the theme of government.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1012 words


For the second year in a row - and likely continuing for the foreseeable future
- Los Angeles city leaders have had to live with diminished expectations.

"This past year was a year of holding the line," Council President Eric Garcetti
said in a recent interview. "Holding the line on the budget. Holding the line on
crime and making even further gains there. Holding the line on the size of the
police force.

"There was not much room to grow anything."

The continuing economic problems afflicting the nation and the state have
continued to impact local government, where tax revenues continue to decline -
due primarily to reduced property values - and a high unemployment rate affects
all levels of the economy from demands for services to a drop in most major tax
revenues.

Mayor Antonio Villaraigosa and the City Council did work closely on the city's
budget, brokering a deal to win major concessions from city employee unions for
the early retirement of at least 2,400 workers - the exact numbers are still
being worked out - and an agreement from the Los Angeles Police Protective
League to forgo pay raises for two years. Talks with the United Firefighters of
Los Angeles City are continuing.

If there was any bright spot, Garcetti said it was with the city acting to
identify and seek federal funding under the Obama administration's stimulus
program.

"We have been very aggressive and have won commitments for half a billion
dollars in federal funds," Garcetti said. "Only 5 to 10 percent of that has hit
the streets, but that means in 2010, we will have a huge influx of money for
projects around the city."

The City Council this past year saw the re-election of six members - Garcetti,
Ed Reyes, Dennis Zine, Richard Alarcon, Jan Perry and Janice Hahn - under
voter-approved extensions of term limits and the re-election of Councilman Bill
Rosendahl to his second term.

Also elected was Councilman Paul Koretz, who has previously been a state
Assemblyman and a West Hollywood city councilman. More recently, Assemblyman
Paul Krekorian, D-Valley Glen, was elected in a special election to fill out the
term of Wendy Greuel, who moved to the City Controller's Office.

The economic problems also meant the City Council had to rein in any ambitious
programs it had and continued to debate issues such as regulations of medical
marijuana clinics and billboards.

"This is a time for us to manage," Garcetti said. "People's expectations of
government and politicians is fairly low. But it is also a time for real
leadership opportunities for the mayor and the council to look at ways to
innovate."

One example he cited was gains in residential recycling after the city expanded
it to apartments.

Other areas he is looking at include a revival of the Business Tax Advisory
Committee, which will recommend ways the city can further reduce business taxes
and develop investment tax credits.

Bruce Ackerman, president of the Valley Economic Alliance, said the city is
overdue in emphasizing tax reform, business development and job creation.

"It seems like the city never recognized how serious the problem has been and
reacted to it slowly, rather than be proactive," Ackerman said. "The mayor is
taking the lead when he talks about his priority being jobs, jobs, jobs. I love
those three words.

"But, it seems as if the rest of the city doesn't get it. I was talking to one
company in Van Nuys that has hundreds of workers and they were put in a new tax
category. They can relocate anywhere and they will unless there is a change
made."

Ackerman said he recognizes the problems the city faces and it is in for tough
decisions.

"They are going to have to reduce services and they will have to explain to the
public that we can no longer afford to do what we are doing," Ackerman said.
"They are going to have to cut their staffs and reduce what they are doing. No
one will like it, but it's something we have to do until things turn around."

Political science professor Raphael Sonenshein, who served as executive director
of the Appointed Charter Reform Commission, said he would give the City Council
a grade of incomplete for the past year.

"There were some areas where they made some progress, like with the LAPD, but
there was a lot of work left undone, like with medical marijuana," said
Sonenshein, who teaches at California State University, Fullerton. "Most of
their problems were related to the economy. It's terrible wherever you are, but
local government has taken a real hit. And even if the economy does come back
this next year, it is going to be a year or two before cities and counties see
any benefit."

Sonenshein also said he would like to see the City Council try to resolve the
dispute between Greuel and City Attorney Carmen Trutanich in a legal battle they
inherited from their predecessors, former Controller Laura Chick and former City
Attorney Rocky Delgadillo.

The lawsuit - Trutanich won the case but Greuel is weighing an appeal - is over
the power of the Controller's Office to conduct performance audits of programs
in other elected officials' offices.

"I think it's important for them to separate out their feelings about dealing
with the office of the controller and make sure it clarifies the role of the
controller," Sonenshein said.

Sonenshein said the challenges the city is facing will require showing an
ability to do the job.

"At the end of the day, what gets proven again and again is that it's about
being able to get things done," Sonenshein said. "It's nice every now and then
to have amateurs come in and shake things up, but people want to see their
problems taken care of."

Garcetti said he recognizes that.

"I think part as an institution, we have to tell the story of what is going on,"
Garcetti said. "It's very easy for folks to think badly. But if you look at what
is going on in places like Hollywood, downtown, North Hollywood and the revivals
going on there, the fact that crime is at a 50-year low, those things don't just
happen. It happened because of actions we have taken over the past several
years."

rick.orlov@dailynews.com

213-978-0390

LOAD-DATE: March 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Digital First Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              964 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                     October 27, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

WORLD SERIES;
BRAVES VS. YANKEES;
Schuerholz says: 'Well done, guys'

BYLINE: Thomas Stinson; STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 11E

LENGTH: 410 words

DATELINE: New York


They don't keep official records on World Series futility. The Atlanta Braves
Saturday night became the first club in 18 years to lose three Series in a span
of five years. (Trivia answer: Los Angeles in 1974, 1977 and 1978). And before
anyone throws the first brick at the club for failing to win more frequently in
the last week of play, Braves general manager John Schuerholz sees nothing
diminished by the club's inability to win the Series more often.

"Not except in the minds of the addled-brained," he said. "Reasonable-thinking
people wouldn't assume that. They would see this as an organization that has had
great ongoing success and, true, some disappointments. But it's not diminished
by these disappointments."

The Braves outhit New York .254 to .216, hit four home runs to the Yankees' two.
Atlanta did not trail in this Series until the 19th inning. The club ERA of 2.33
was the lowest posted in the Series since the 1973 New York Mets.

"We're up two games to one with a six-run lead and they battled back and
overcame that," said Schuerholz. "That's tenacity and fight, grit, whatever you
want to call it. The next night, tied now 2-2, they sent a pitcher out there
(Andy Pettitte), having been beaten up the first time - shuts us out. Sooner or
later, somebody has to say, 'Well done, guys.' I'm not ashamed to say that.

"I'm surprised and disappointed that we didn't win after being up two games to
none. But I'm also cognizant that those guys in that other uniform over there
battled their hearts out."

As the club dressed around him, Schuerholz would not address some of the changes
that the Braves must deal with during the winter.

"It's disappointing and hurtful that we didn't make it this time," said
Schuerholz. "But I don't think it diminishes one iota the caliber and the
quality of our organization, its efforts, its stature. I don't think we're done
either, by the way. I don't think this is the last time we gather around like
this.

"It's a tough loss. It's frustrating, hard to swallow for a lot of reasons al l
of which you guys will all write about tomorrow. But it does not at all diminish
what we have accomplished as an organization and the consistency which we have
demonstrated and the success we have had in postseason series. We've been very
successful against the very elite of baseball from all leagues and all
divisions. And I think we'll be there again. I don't think this is any kind of
demise."

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: This story was archived from the Sports Final edition of The Atlanta
Journal-Constitution.

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              965 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                          The Fresno Bee (California)

                            December 2, 2005, Friday

China wine threat diminished

BYLINE: By Dennis Pollock

LENGTH: 718 words



China poses more promise as a market for California wines -- in due time -- than
it does a threat to the state's growers and vintners.

And China also may have diminished its ability to compete against grape juice
concentrate with apple juice because of rising prices and an inability to
deliver as promised.

But watch out for the juice from China pears.

Those were among observations from experts at a Fresno symposium on grapes
presented Thursday by Central California Winegrowers, the California Association
of Winegrape Growers and The Wine Industry Symposium Group.

Another often-repeated bit of advice: Valley growers of wine grapes should aim
at production of quality wine under $ 7 if they want their best shot at success.

Although tens of thousands of acres of wine grapes have been removed in the
Valley in recent years, "it won't help if we don't increase production of wine
at $ 7 a bottle and under," said Nat DiBuduo, president of Allied Grape Growers
in Fresno. Others echoed much the same theme.

Ken McCorkle, senior vice president with Wells Fargo Bank, said Valley growers
are best at producing extraordinary yields and being "low-cost producers."

At the same time, he acknowledged, the state is already in a tough battle to be
the world's low-cost producer of agricultural commodities.

Joe Rollo, director of the International Department of the Wine Institute, said
85 percent of the world's wine is sold at less than $ 7 a bottle.

Much of the attention at Thursday's meeting was focused on China and its role as
a threat or potential market.

China may have lost some of its edge as a player in the juice concentrate market
this year, said Greg MaGill, a broker with the Joseph W. Ciatti Co., because it
reneged on some contracts for apple juice and because it raised its price for
the juice from $ 4.25 to $ 5.65 a gallon.

"It couldn't happen to a nicer country," he said, pointing out that China
traders have not been forthcoming on pricing and are often less than credible.

MaGill and others pointed out, however, that China has been increasing its pear
production, and juice from that fruit can also cut into use of juice from
California grapes as a sweetener.

This year, he said, growers of Thompson seedless grapes were paid $ 150, on
average, per ton, though prices dropped to $ 100 a ton on the spot market late
in the season.

MaGill said growers of grapes for juicing should expect maximum prices of $ 5.75
to $ 6 a gallon, and about the only way for them to maximize their returns is to
increase yields.

This year, the state's production of grape concentrate was down considerably,
partly because of increased imports of grape juice concentrate, notably from
Argentina. Estimates ranged from 450,000 to 500,000 tons of grapes. That's half
the amount in 1992 and 1997.

Though China poses a threat for imports of juices as sweeteners, it is more
likely to be a promising market for California wines, said Dan Sumner, professor
of agricultural economics at the University of California.

Sumner explained that many wine-growing operations are on less than an acre, and
the number of those farmers makes regulation unwieldy. That lack of regulation
-- and standards -- does not bode well for marketing to major supermarkets,
which are a growing sector in China.

At the same time, he said, the country is growing less grain and corn and its
farmers are turning to crops -- such as wine grapes -- where the returns may be
better.

"China cannot produce all its own food," he said, adding that the country's
fruit consumption is rising, notably in urban areas. Its per capita consumption
of wine remains low.

Sumner said there are some "high-end Chinese wines" selling at $ 20 to $ 30 a
bottle and "equal to a $ 5 bottle of California wines."

Some of China's cheap wines, he said, are "just awful, a big mistake."


-----

To see more of The Fresno Bee, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.fresnobee.com Copyright (c) 2005, The Fresno Bee, Calif.

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: FR-CHINA-WINE-20051202

JOURNAL-CODE: FR

               Copyright 2005 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                   Copyright 2005 The Fresno Bee (California)


                              966 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       JANUARY 19, 1997 Sunday D EDITION

GINGRICH AWAITS THE VOTE IN HOUSE / HOW TUESDAY'S DECISION WILL AFFECT THE
SPEAKER'S POWER IS NOT CLEAR.

BYLINE: Steven Thomma and David Hess, INQUIRER WASHINGTON BUREAU

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 809 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


House Speaker Newt Gingrich will stand in the well of the House Tuesday while
his colleagues vote to reprimand and fine him - an unprecedented act that will
leave him a diminished force.

But how diminished? And what will happen when he tries to rebuild his power and
his ability to press the Republican agenda for the country?

House Republicans hope Gingrich merely will be wounded if the House, as
expected, endorses the recommendation of the ethics committee that he pay
$300,000 and be reprimanded for breaking House rules.

They hope, too, that if the Georgia Republican can direct some substantial
legislative accomplishment and keep the political rhetoric low-key, perhaps the
public will forgive or forget his ethical transgressions.

What House Republicans fear, however, is spending the next several weekends at
home hearing from constituents angered over Gingrich and alarmed by a fine whose
size belies GOP contentions that Gingrich's offenses were minor.

The offenses cited by the ethics committee were that Gingrich failed to seek
proper legal advice on using funds from tax-exempt foundations to support a
college course he taught that advanced his political agenda and then misled
Congress about his activities.

James M. Cole, the special counsel who investigated the charges, concluded in a
report presented to the committee Friday that Gingrich had participated in a
"serious violation of the House rules" and that "Gingrich showed a disregard and
lack of respect for standards of conduct that applied to his activities."

House Democrats yesterday tentatively agreed not to force a revote on the
election of the speaker or to try to increase the penalty, but to vote to accept
the panel's recommendation of a fine and reprimand.

"This is a wound that's going to fester well into this year and even as long as
he remains speaker," said Al Tuchfarber, a political scientist at the Institute
for Policy Research at the University of Cincinnati.

"He never can gain the moral high ground that he had been claiming for some
time. That's probably the thing that he and Republicans will miss the most."

Retiring White House chief of staff Leon Panetta, a former member of the House,
said: "This will continue to remain a cloud over him and over this session."

And how Gingrich tries to disperse that cloud could have a substantial impact on
the most pressing matters now before Congress.

"What people want are solutions to our most serious problems: ensuring the
solvency of Medicare, better schools, a clean environment, better medical care,"
said Martin Farrell, a political scientist at Ripon College in Wisconsin. "If
Gingrich can get in front of this, his effectiveness can be restored to a
significant degree."

Barbara Perry, a political scientist at Sweet Briar College in Sweet Briar, Va.,
said: "The American people often have short attention spans and short memories.
If he can focus on getting things done, then many people will put this behind
them." Still, the fact that Gingrich will be the only speaker in history to have
been punished by his colleagues this way - and the fact that he agreed to pay
such a large fine - may give some Americans pause.

"The reprimand and very large fine, out in the country, will have a strong
impact on how people view him," Perry said. "And to the extent that power is
largely based on the trust that people put in their elected leaders, all this
will undercut his ability to influence his colleagues."

How Gingrich pays the penalty also may affect his standing.

To some, it might look best for Gingrich to pay the $300,000 penalty out of his
pocket. But he is not an independently wealthy man.

He could dip into his election campaign stash, which has more than $1 million.
Federal law prohibits the conversion of campaign contributions for personal
purposes, but the Federal Election Commission has allowed members of Congress to
use campaign funds for political expenses not directly related to ongoing
election campaigns.

His spokeswoman said yesterday that Gingrich had not yet decided how to pay.

He also could set up a legal defense fund, akin to the kitties set up by
President Clinton and many others, to pay for attorneys' fees and other direct
legal and court expenses. The issue here is whether such a fund can be used to
pay a fine or other sanction.

Gingrich's supporters say the $300,000 is not a fine, but simply reimbursement
for the extralegal expenses incurred by the ethics committee as a result of
having to investigate suspicions that he had not told the committee the truth.
Eventually, a federal court - or the ethics committee itself - probably will
have to iron this one out.

Whatever option he chooses, Democratic leaders made it clear yesterday they are
going to scrutinize the way he pays the fine closely.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              967 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                 Irish Examiner

                              July 27, 2012 Friday

'Psycho' killed man in bid for notoriety

SECTION: WORLD

LENGTH: 506 words


In his own eyes Stapleton was a nobody in his tough neighbourhood while living
in the crowded family home in Ordsall, Salford in Manchester after splitting up
with his girlfriend and the mother of his young daughter.

Although of low intelligence, the factory worker was streetwise enough to know
that committing such a heinous random act would create a permanent impression in
his community.

Barely five hours after committing murder in the early hours of St Stephen's Day
last year, he was feverishly typing in internet searches for "Salford shooting"
on his mobile phone.

Early news reports gave the barest details so Stapleton, 21, chose perversely to
get closer to the action and revel in the chaos that he created.

He booked into the Campanile Hotel which overlooked the crime scene.

Friends were invited to his room and he had no hesitation in telling them he was
the gunman, safe in the knowledge that word would spread about his
anti-heroantics.

He took photographs of himself on his mobile phone - smiling in a bathrobe and
posing in a mean stare.

Buoyed by his dodging of the authorities, he rounded up more friends and visited
a local tattoo parlour where he had a teardrop tattoo inked below his right eye-
a design which can indicate the wearer has killed someone.

His hunger for notoriety stepped up a gear when he adopted his own twisted
nickname after being charged with murder. Making his first appearance before
magistrates he was asked if his name wasKiaran Stapleton. "No," he replied
quickly. "Psycho. Psycho Stapleton."

Flippant remarks were his stock in trade and he could not help himself while
giving evidence. It culminated in a cocksure rant when asked if he had hoped his
sentence would be reduced on grounds of diminished responsibility.

He replied: "To be honest I'm not bothered. I love prison, I watch
CoronationStreet, I have got a fat canteen. Lock me up for 65 years. Does this
face lookbothered?"

Stapleton walked up to stranger Anuj Bidve, 23, in the street in Salford, and
shot him in the head at point blank range. Stapleton had admitted manslaughter
on the grounds of diminished responsibility but a jury at Manchester Crown Court
rejected that argument and yesterday convicted him of murder. He will be
sentenced today.

Bidve had arrived in Britain last September to embark on postgraduate studies in
micro-electronics. He was visiting Manchester with a group of friends from
Lancaster University last Christmas.

They left their hotel in the early hours of Dec 26 to queue early for the sales
when their paths crossed with Stapleton's.

He calmly walked across the road and repeatedly asked for the time. When someone
finally answered he pulled a handgun out of his pocket and fired one shot to
Bidve's left temple.

He was then seen to smirk or laugh over his victim's body before he ran off. The
weapon, which fired a 9mm bullet, has not been found.

Bidve never regained consciousness and was pronounced dead in hospital.

Stapleton later told a psychologist he picked out his victim because "he had the
biggest head".

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Thomas Crosbie Media Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              968 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             May 12, 2012 Saturday

ISU to increase tuition, fees Board cites drop in funding in explanation for
raising prices

BYLINE: By Lenore Sobota;lsobota@pantagraph.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 522 words


NORMAL - Discussion of diminished state funding went hand in hand with talk of
tuition increases at Friday's Illinois State University board of trustees
meeting.

ISU President Al Bowman said the university is in a "financially stable
position" and, despite an expected $4.8 million cut in state appropriations for
next year, "we believe we can manage through this" without layoffs or furloughs.

Board members expressed reluctance as they set in-state tuition for incoming
freshmen and transfer students at 4.4 percent above what was paid by those who
entered ISU last year and approved increases in fees, room and board by about 3
percent. The rates for tuition and fees will remain unchanged for four years for
these students.

"I don't think there's anyone on this board that's excited about one penny of an
increase," Trustee Jay Bergman said. But he noted that while the increase to
students is 4.4 percent over last year, it will remain unchanged for them for
three more years. Meanwhile, he said, "it's very possible we'll have a decrease
in state funding of about 6 percent" next year.

Likewise, board chairman Mike McCuskey said, "Hopefully the state of Illinois
doesn't put us in a worse position."

The combined tuition, fees, room and board comes to $21,679 for students in the
incoming class at ISU, below the cost of the University of Illinois at Urbana
Champaign, the University of Illinois at Chicago and Northern Illinois
University, according to projections presented at the meeting.

"That is what you look at - the bottom line, what's it going to cost," said
McCuskey, speaking not only as board chairman but as the parent of a high school
senior who has been college shopping.

Bowman said the university is "very sensitive" to the impact the increases have
on students and families and the need to maintain "affordable access to our
institution despite a lack of state support."

Bowman said, "Our state appropriation is lower today than it was in the late
1990s."

He referred to diminished state support as the privatization of public education
- causing tuition at public schools to creep closer to that of private
institutions, not only in Illinois but elsewhere.

"At some point I think the country will recognize we are on a pathway that is
not in the country's best interests," Bowman said.

Meanwhile, ISU is still waiting for about $31.6 million of the $79 million in
state funds appropriated to the university this year. Bowman said the governor
has assured state universities that they will receive their full appropriations,
but it might be well into the next fiscal year before they receive all that is
owed.

----------

College costs

University of Illinois, Urbana-Champaign $24,725 (base) $27,064 (selected
majors)

University of Illinois, Chicago $23,909 (base) $24,842 (selected majors)

Northern Illinois University $21,756

Illinois State University $21,679

Southern Illinois University, Carbondale $20,588

Western Illinois University $20,054

Eastern Illinois University $19,750

Chicago State University $19,487

University of Illinois,Springfield $17,828

Southern Illinois University, Edwardsville $17,770

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Pantagraph


                              969 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             October 3, 2011 Monday

Edward Kennedy

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 955 words


Age: 60

Education : Master's Degree in Public Administration ( Framingham State
University), Bachelor's Degree ( Boston University)

Occupation: Commercial Real Estate Appraiser

Favorite Movie: "Everest" (IMAX)

Top Three Goals: Economic Development, No Tax Increase, Infrastructure & Traffic
Improvements.

1. Do you agree with the city's tax policy of increasing the levy 2.5 percent
annually? If so, why? If not, what would you propose?

No. I don't think the City Council should be raising taxes every year. The City
Council should be doing everything they can to create economic development and
broaden the existing tax base. The City's policies around economic development
have been largely unproductive and should be changed.


2. Are taxpayers better off today than they were two years ago in what they pay
to fund city government and what they receive in municipal services?

Over the past several years, taxes have steadily increased and municipal
services have been reduced. Therefore, taxpayers were better off two years ago
than they are now. We can't go on raising taxes and reducing municipal services
forever. The City needs to focus on economic development and broadening our tax
base.


3. Is there a role for city councilors in encouraging new businesses to locate
in the city? If so, what is it?

There absolutely is a role for the City Council. The City Council should develop
an aggressive strategy to promote economic development and then insist that the
city manager implement that strategy.



4. Is Lowell doing enough to ensure public safety in all the city's
neighborhoods or just some of them?

Overall, I'm satisfied with the level of public safety in Lowell. I think the
police department and fire department do a good job . I think there is an effort
in every neighborhood, but the perception is that some neighborhoods are safer
than others. I would like to see more policemen on the streets, but not if it
means raising property taxes.


5. Over the past two years, has the City Council's power to hold government
officials accountable, in general, been diminished, strengthened or
stayed the same? Explain.

It has been diminished in recent years because the City Council has relinquished
much of its power and oversight to the city manager.



6. On a scale of 1 to 5, with 1 being the best and 5 the worst, how would you
evaluate the city manager's job performance over the past two years in these
areas:

A. Public Communications - 3
B. Finances/Budget - 2
C. Government transparency - 4
D. Public services - 3
E. Operations Reform/Reorganization - 4
F. Neighborhood initiatives - 3
G. Economic Development - 4
H. Responding to public concerns - 3



7. Do you support electing all city councilors at-large or should the system be
changed to include district representation?

I support the current system of electing city councilors at-large.



8. Do you support giving the city manager power under a new state law to make
changes in the city employees' healthcare plans with limited union input?

No. I support negotiating with the unions and I support quality healthcare plans
for all current and retired city employees. The city council should be vigilant
in making sure that the healthcare plans are administered in an efficient and
cost effective manner.




9. Should the city adopt a residency requirement for all city employees, just
department heads, etc.

No, I do not support a residency requirement for all city employees. However,
among job candidates with equal qualifications, I support giving the job to a
Lowell resident.




10. Would an elected strong mayor form of government serve Lowell better than
the present Plan E government setup giving the council the authority to hire a
city manager?

Yes.



11. What are the three biggest issues facing the City Council over the next two
years and how would you address them?

1. Economic Development is the key to real progress. A larger tax base means
more revenue and lower real estate taxes. It also means more local employment
opportunities. Lowell should always be in a position to welcome economic
development. I want the City to focus on industrial and commercial development,
not just residential condominium developments in the Central Business District.

2. Real Estate Taxes have increased every year over the past several years. The
trend of increasing property taxes and reducing the municipal services to
residents cannot continue. In recent years, the city's tax base has been
shrinking because large taxpayers like the downtown hotel and the St. Joseph's
Hospital property have left the tax roles. The JAM project has been underway for
ten years and still has not produced any increase in tax revenue. In my
conversations with voters throughout the city, real estate taxes and increased
fees are definitely the number one issue.

3. Traffic (and infrastructure) - We should improve the city's traffic
infrastructure and transportation arteries. A lot of the traffic during the
commuter hours is just passing through the city. A new permanent bridge in the
Pawtucketville/Middlesex Village area would allow the "passing through" traffic
to circumvent the city and relieve a lot of the morning and early evening
traffic congestion. I also think we should try to improve the traffic link
between the downtown area and the interstate highway.



12. Do you favor or oppose giving 17 years olds the right to vote in Lowell
municipal elections?

I would oppose it until the Commonwealth and/or the Federal Government lowers
the voting age to seventeen. I see no compelling reason to be out of
synchronization with the rest of the state or the country on the minimum voting
age. However, I would have no objection to putting the measure on the ballot
pursuant to House Bill H01111.



LOAD-DATE: October 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              970 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 21, 2004 Thursday

REPLAY COULD HAVE EASED UGLY SCENE

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 62

LENGTH: 397 words


IF only good faith and common sense were the rule . . .

Yesterday, the TV-attached world was treated to New York City at its suspected
worst: NYPD officers, clad in riot gear, were dispatched to guard the first and
third base lines in Yankee Stadium, late in Game 6 of the ALCS.

Yet, it was the Yankees, through their own, obligatory, shortsighted and
fool-headed devices, who so fully lent themselves to promoting such an ugly
scene.

Bottom of the eighth: Miguel Cairo had just scored on a Derek Jeter single to
make it 4-2, Red Sox. Next, Alex Rodriguez, on a bouncer up the first base line,
was initially ruled safe on a misplay down the right field line, then was
declared out for interference. Jeter, who had scored to make it 4-3, was waved
back to first.

Elements of the Yankee crowd - after an initial and expected argument from Joe
Torre - then went nuts, so much so that they eventually facilitated the
appearance of the riot squad while the Red Sox were waved off the field as a
matter of safety.

Yet, after the six umps convened, if only Fox's replay of the episode had
appeared on Yankee Stadium's large, outfield screen, it would have been clear
(even to half-wasted drunks) that the call had been correct, that Rodriguez had
karate-chopped the ball out of pitcher Bronson Arroyo's glove.

Had the replay appeared for all - not just TV audiences - an ugly, or worse,
situation would have been diminished, if not defused.

Tuesday night, the only replays provided to the in-house audience, were of "Hail
Yankees!" happenstances: Bernie Williams' home run and a nice catch by Gary
Sheffield. Mark Bellhorn's confusing, off-again/on-again, correct-call three-run
homer in the fourth was never replayed in Yankee Stadium. Other major league
teams, including the Mets, similarly subjugate in-house replays that don't favor
the home team.

Thus, those who had paid a ransom (upper deck box seats on Tuesday were
face-valued at $90 apiece) they could go to hell; the Yankees felt no duty to
communicate to them what was clear to a national TV audience.

Had the Yanks been forthcoming, and minimally patron-friendly, a
hassle-on-the-make might have been nipped in the bud and almost certainly
diminished. With Fox's national broadcast team initially unaware of the
circumstances, the umps got it right. And every one knew it - except the 56,400
people in Yankee Stadium.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              971 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 21, 2004 Thursday

REPLAY COULD HAVE DEFUSED UGLY SCENE

BYLINE: Phil Mushnick

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 78

LENGTH: 397 words


IF only good faith and   common sense were the rule . . .

Yesterday, the TV-attached world was treated to New York City at its suspected
worst: NYPD officers, clad in riot gear, were dispatched to guard the first and
third base lines in Yankee Stadium, late in Game 6 of the ALCS.

Yet, it was the Yankees, through their own, obligatory, shortsighted and
fool-headed devices, who so fully lent themselves to promoting such an ugly
scene.

Bottom of the eighth: Miguel Cairo had just scored on a Derek Jeter single to
make it 4-2, Red Sox. Next, Alex Rodriguez, on a bouncer up the first base line,
was initially ruled safe on a misplay down the right field line, then was
declared out for interference. Jeter, who had scored to make it 4-3, was waved
back to first.

Elements of the Yankee crowd - after an initial and expected argument from Joe
Torre - then went nuts, so much so that they eventually facilitated the
appearance of the riot squad while the Red Sox were waved off the field as a
matter of safety.

Yet, after the six umps convened, if only Fox's replay of the episode had
appeared on Yankee Stadium's large, outfield screen, it would have been clear
(even to half-wasted drunks) that the call had been correct, that Rodriguez had
karate-chopped the ball out of pitcher Bronson Arroyo's glove.

Had the replay appeared for all - not just TV audiences - an ugly, or worse,
situation would have been diminished, if not defused.

Tuesday night, the only replays provided to the in-house audience, were of "Hail
Yankees!" happenstances: Bernie Williams' home run and a nice catch by Gary
Sheffield. Mark Bellhorn's confusing, off-again/on-again, correct-call three-run
homer in the fourth was never replayed in Yankee Stadium. Other major league
teams, including the Mets, similarly subjugate in-house replays that don't favor
the home team.

Thus, those who had paid a ransom (upper deck box seats on Tuesday were
face-valued at $90 apiece) they could go to hell; the Yankees felt no duty to
communicate to them what was clear to a national TV audience.

Had the Yanks been forthcoming, and minimally patron-friendly, a
hassle-on-the-make might have been nipped in the bud and almost certainly
diminished. With Fox's national broadcast team initially unaware of the
circumstances, the umps got it right. And every one knew it - except the 56,400
people in Yankee Stadium.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              972 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

              February 3, 1998, Tuesday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Bombing Iraq poses too many risks for U.S.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; LETTERS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 1882 words



The Clinton administration should consider the risks associated with  beginning
a bombing campaign against Iraq:

 Iraq poses no immediate threat to the United States and there is no  strong
support for a bombing campaign.

 Other countries also possess weapons of mass destruction, yet only we are
taking military action against Iraq.

 Bombing will result in accidents, including civilian casualties and  downed
U.S. airmen. Television coverage will erode support within this country  and
with our allies.

 The effectiveness of bombing during the Persian Gulf war was greatly
exaggerated. We were not shown photos of the thousands of bombs that missed
their targets.

 Our armed forces are significantly diminished since the gulf war. We do  not
have the resources for a sustained commitment without jeopardizing our  national
security. Logistics will be complicated due to diminished support  from Arab
countries.

 Without the resolve to commit ground forces, it is impossible to  eliminate
Iraq's stores of biological and chemical weapons.

 Saddam Hussein has always been willing to subject his people to pain and
hardship. To win this war, all he has to do is survive.

The Clinton administration has failed to maintain the coalition against  Iraq
over the years since the gulf war. The strategy of bombing Iraq without
widespread support of the American people, and the resolve to commit ground
forces, could seriously damage United States interests in the region for years
to come.

James P. Koelsch, St. Petersburg

Get tough with Iraq

      Re: Expecting "cooperation" from Iraq.

Our government just never seems to learn! You cannot "reason" with a  despot.
You cannot expect civilized action from someone who thinks nothing of
slaughtering thousands of his own people. You cannot negotiate with someone  who
callously uses chemical weapons in warfare and does not care what the  United
Nations thinks of it. The only way you can deal with a person like that  is to
give him little choice.

Iraq has only itself to blame for the situation that it finds itself in.
Everything in Iraq should be either open to visits from U.N. inspection teams
or subject to visits from U.S. cruise missiles. Let us cease these continuing
crises. Enough already!

Sidney Sistrunk, Clearwater

Close the School of the Americas

  Twenty-two people from around the country, including veterans, nuns, clergy
and a college professor, were sentenced on Jan. 21 to six months in federal
prison and fined $ 3,000 each for unlawful entry onto Fort Benning, near
Columbus, Ga. The 22 were among 601 people arrested on Nov. 16, as they  entered
Fort Benning carrying white crosses and coffins filled with petitions
containing nearly 1-million signatures calling for the closing of the School  of
the Americas.

I was one of the protesters. The School of the Americas should be closed.  It
was established in Panama in 1946, supposedly to promote stability in the
region. In 1984 it moved to Fort Benning after being kicked out of Panama  under
terms of the Panama Canal Treaty.

Today, the School of the Americas trains 900 to 2,000 soldiers a year from
Latin America and the Caribbean. They are taught combat skills,
counterinsurgency operations, sniper fire, military intelligence, commando
tactics and psychological operations.

In 1996, documents were declassified that showed the school taught torture
techniques until 1991.

Mexico has become the school's largest patron. The sudden increase in  Mexican
soldiers began shortly after the Zapatista uprising. According to  recent
Pentagon figures, the SOA costs U.S. taxpayers almost $ 20-million a  year.
Close it down.

Ann Schranz, Lutz

Stop exploitation of children

   Not long ago, children in the United States were forced to work in
factories, mine coal, pick cotton and perform other dangerous jobs. Companies
offered numerous excuses for hiring children to do jobs that some adults
wouldn't take.

Today, Brazilian orange juice processors are making the same excuses that  U.S.
companies made so that they can hire children to pick oranges for the  juice
concentrate they export to the United States.

Whatever rationalizations for this terrible practice these companies offer,  the
truth is that children belong in classrooms, not at work picking oranges.

If the exporters won't agree to recognize this fact, the best way to force  an
end to the child labor problem is for buyers of their products to take  action.
Companies like Coca-Cola that purchase Brazilian concentrate to mix in  their
own products should use their clout with their suppliers to end the
exploitation of children.

Sister Pearl McGivney, S.L., Auburndale

      I was embarrassed to read about Coke's use of orange juice concentrate
made by Brazilian children in its Minute Maid juice products.

I've worked most of my life making Minute Maid juice products in  Auburndale; I
was always proud to tell others where I worked - until now.

Coke can restore workers' pride by letting an outside organization monitor  its
suppliers to make sure that the companies it buys concentrate from are not
exploiting children.

Ron Nalker, Winter Haven

Hillsborough sheriff responds

      I have a long-standing personal policy of not responding to letters to
the editor or editorials regarding my office and its performance. However,  your
editorial of Jan. 26 has led me to make an exception to my own rule.

The editorial begins with the line, "Let's see if we've got this  straight."
Actually, you don't, and that's why I'm writing. On the 21st of  this month, I
appeared before the Hillsborough County Board of Commissioners  regarding the
matter of a performance audit of my office.

Your editorial indicates that the commissioners agreed to keep the audit
secret, inferring an attempt to circumvent Florida's open-government laws. In
fact, I advised the board that I fully intend to comply with Florida Statute
119, dealing with public records, and would release the audit, including the
draft, when it was finalized.

The editorial also indicated that the commissioners "ditched" the audit
altogether. Actually, they voted 7 to 0 to postpone the audit pending the
findings of the Blue Ribbon Committee on the county's finances and of Florida
TaxWatch, both of which are conducting their own studies of the office at this
time. Should these entities report any concerns regarding the office, the  board
can revisit the matter of a performance audit. The commissioners felt,  as do I,
that spending $ 300,000 of taxpayer money to duplicate services is not  fiscally
sound or sensible.

I have never opposed being audited. However, I was opposed to paying the  $
300,000 out of the sheriff's office budget, money badly needed to support law
enforcement activities. Instead, I asked that the audit be funded by the
commissioners, as required by state law, Florida State Statute 125.01(x).

The tone of the piece is that I somehow intimidated the commissioners into
taking action they did not necessarily care to take. That is not how I conduct
myself professionally or personally, and it is not a tactic that would succeed
in dealing with our commissioners.

I hope this clarifies what occurred at the commission meeting and assures
everyone that the board and I will continue to interact on a professional
level.

Cal Henderson, sheriff, Tampa

School nurses make sense

   Legislation that calls for each elementary school to have a "registered
nurse" as sponsored by State Sen. Ginny Brown-Waite and Rep. Les Miller is  long
overdue.

Before moving to Florida, I was a full-time school nurse/teacher in Long
Island, N.Y. All school nurses at that time performed eye-reading exams and a
machine hearing test on each student each year. We were able to catch many
potential problems. The results were reported in writing to the families and
their teachers.

In addition to taking care of the ill child or one who had an accident in  the
playground, e.g. at recess, the nurse conducted classes in basic nutrition  and
good health practices to each grade, advancing in content with each higher
grade.

We sent home notices of any known cases of measles, chicken pox, etc., the
incubation period and symptoms to look for. We advised the parent to keep  these
children home. This practice kept the spread of the illness to a  minimum.

The nurse performed other functions, too many to relate. But the nurse can  and
does relieve other school personnel of giving first aid, taking vital  signs,
doling out prescriptions, medications, etc., responsibilities they  should not
be burdened with as they have their own important functions to  fulfill.

Gov. Chiles' budget, as reported on Jan. 15, "makes kids a top priority."  His
budget recommendations include "money to expand health care for  children."
Money spent for school nurse teachers would be a good beginning  toward
fulfilling this promise.

Good health for our nation begins with the child.

Arline B. Peres, RN, retired, Belleair Bluffs

Unallowable free speech

   Re: Sheriff calls doctor a "killer," Jan. 20.

The National Organization for Women spokeswoman Kim Gandy labeled Lee  County
Sheriff John McDougall's message  "dangerous and scaryas long as this  kind of
fanaticism is allowed."

I'm sure we can all agree with NOW that even though Sheriff McDougall  pledged
to carry out his constitutional duty to protect Dr. Ali Azima from  illegal
protests, he has no right to call an abortionist a "baby killer" or  protect
legitimate protesters. That's unallowable free speech and politically  incorrect
adherence to duty. Ask any "liberal."

It is clear to NOW that the good sheriff's "fanaticism" and dangerousness  is
really something abhorrent that we should all condemn - unlike infanticide
which is desirable, moral and liberal. Feminist lawyer Darol H.M. Carr
condemned the sheriff's plan to assist protesters as proving that the sheriff
is "extending his powers unequally" even though he also pledged to defend  Dr.
Azima's legal rights. Of course, to the radical left anything less than  total,
exclusive government bias, suppression and censorship in favor of  abortion is
"unequal."

Vernon D. Andrews, Spring Hill

Share your opinions

   Letters for publication should be addressed to Letters to the Editor, P.O.
Box 1121, St. Petersburg, 33731. They also be faxed to 893-8675. They should  be
brief and must include the writer's name, address and phone number. Please
include a handwritten signature when possible.

Letters may be edited for clarity, taste and length. We regret that not all
letters can be printed.

  For e-mail users: Letters can be sent by e-mail to letterssptimes.com.
E-mail messages must be text only and cannot include attachments. If you're
using a word processing program to write the message, you must use its "Save
as" function to save it as a text file, then import it into your e-mail
program.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BLACK AND WHITE CARTOON, DON ADDIS; A woman sits peering through the
keyhole of her television set. A voice says, "An now the news ..."

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 1998 Times Publishing Company


                              973 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday

Peyton one great game Mann-ager

BYLINE: and MARK CANNIZZARO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 48

LENGTH: 762 words


DENVER - Poor Peyton Manning.

A man once considered by many to be the greatest quarterback of all time now is
being patronized. People talk about him and his diminished skills like he's
Willie Mays stumbling in the outfield as a Met in 1973.

A man once loathed by many football fans because he was so good, threw so many
touchdown passes to so many different receivers, now has become a sympathetic
figure.

With the obvious "Manning versus Brady" billing for Sunday's AFC Championship
game between the Broncos and Patriots at Sports Authority Field at Mile High
Stadium,' there are many people decrying the billing as unfair to Manning,
because he is no longer capable of carrying Tom Brady's UGGs.

The vibe on perhaps the great quarterback rivalries of all time (Sunday will be
the 17th meeting between the two) now has been reduced to this: We can't expect
the 39-year-old Manning and his creaky, injury-riddled body to compete with the
mighty Brady; it's not a fair fight.

So the Manning apologists are billing the game more as "Brady versus the Denver
defense.''

Brady is only one year younger than Manning, yet Manning - who has strongly
denied accusations in an Al Jazeera report of having HGH sent to his home - is
viewed as someone a decade older because he simply can't throw the ball like he
used to.

His production this season (59.8 completion percentage, 2,249 yards, nine
touchdowns, 17 interceptions) paled by comparison to Brady's (64.4 completion
percentage, 4,770 yards, 36 touchdowns, seven interceptions).

In a crazy twist of fate, Manning, whose record-shattering regular-season
numbers alone put him in the upper stratosphere of any quarterback who ever
played the game, now has been relegated as the dreaded "game manager.''

Instead of, "Stay out of the way, kid, and don't make any big mistakes to lose
the game,'' it is, "Stay out of the way, old man, and don't make any big
mistakes to lose the game.''

Insulting? Sure it is.

But consider this: Because of Manning's uncanny intelligence and his ability to
read defenses and alter plays at the line of scrimmage to put his offense into
the perfect plays, there has never been a better game manager in the history of
football.

This has been one of the gems of Manning's arsenal, even when he was throwing
five touchdowns a game. On Sunday, Manning's mind might be more dangerous to the
Patriots defense than his arm.

If he goes 12-of-20 for 137 yards with no turnovers and his defense holds the
Patriots down enough for the Broncos to win and advance to the Super Bowl,
Manning will not give a damn about how paltry his statistics are. He has a
chance to become the first quarterback ever to start and win a Super Bowl for
two different teams.

Modal Trigger

Tom Brady is the prohibitive favorite to get the better of an aging Peyton
Manning in this latest matchup between the two greats.Photo: EPA

Broncos coach Gary Kubiak said this week that "it really does help Peyton'' to
know that he has a strong team around him - particularly on defense - so he does
not have to carry the offense the way he has for most of his 18 NFL seasons.

"He knows he's on a good football team   go do his job, get us in the right
plays and lead the group,'' Kubiak said.

"In the playoffs, you certainly just want to do your job,'' Manning said. "It
doesn't matter how old you are or how long you've been playing."

Or how much people's faith in you has waned.

Poor Peyton Manning.

Even Broncos fans have gone lukewarm on him, many preferring to have untested
backup Brock Osweiler under center because they like the numbers on his birth
certificate better than the ones on Manning's.

It is widely known around Denver and the rest of the league that the chances of
Manning still wearing a Broncos uniform next year are about the same as John
Elway again donning his old No. 7 for them.

So this is it for Manning, likely his last stand.

For the Broncos? Almost certainly.

For his brilliant NFL career? It would seem that way - unless he stubbornly opts
to give it a go with another team. But that would be awkward.

When asked recently whether he has thought about this season possibly being his
last best ride, Manning conceded: "I'd be lying if I said I'm not thinking about
it."

After Denver beat the Steelers on Sunday to advance to the title game, Broncos
defensive end Antonio Smith said this run "definitely'' has a win-one-for-Peyton
feel to it.

"You feel that vibe as a team,'' Smith said. "You can't see it, feel it or touch
it, but it's there."

PDF 5

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PEY' YOUR RESPECTS: Peyton Manning may be diminished throwing the ball,
but Post columnist Mark Cannizzaro points out that his mind - always one of his
strengths - is still sharp. Getty Images

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              974 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            August 8, 2013 Thursday

DIRTY BUSINESS Damon says '09 title may be diminished, but in steroid era, the
results never lie

BYLINE: and KEN DAVIDOFF (column)

SECTION: Metro+Sports Extra; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 744 words


CHICAGO - On the day Alex Rodriguez formally appealed his 211-game suspension,
preserving his present as an active player and signing onto a future as a
defendant, a voice from the past emerged to cast doubt on what really happened
not long ago.

"I really haven't sat down and thought that far, but if that's how he was able
to hit in the postseason, then yeah, absolutely," Johnny Damon told MLB Network
Radio.

You need only to have paid modest attention to the events of the past week to
guess correctly that Damon was answering this question:

Is the Yankees' 2009 World Series title diminished if it turns out A-Rod was
using illegal performance-enhancing drugs at the time?

"I haven't even seen it," Rodriguez said of Damon's comments. "I love Johnny. I
talk to Johnny all the time." Damon is a great guy, highly agreeable to
hypotheses like this one. This one, though, he should've challenged. He sort of
did, in this very interview - "Then you start going and saying was anyone [else]
on their team cheating?" - and again shortly after when I spoke with him in a
telephone conversation.

The A-Rod appeal hearing will impact plenty, from the beleaguered third
baseman's earnings to the Yankees' financial flexibility to Bud Selig's legacy.
What it absolutely won't impact is the legitimacy of the 2009 Yankees'
championship.

Statistics are statistics in the sports world, and results are results. Nothing
we learn ex post facto is going to change that reality.

Rather, every number has a story behind it, and you understand an imperfect game
played by an imperfect species is going to be replete with imperfections.

Just for the heck of it, the 2009 Phillies used lefty reliever Antonio Bastardo
in their National League Division Series and NL Championship Series. Bastardo is
one of the 12 players who accepted 50-game suspensions Monday for their
involvement in the now-shuttered Biogenesis anti-aging clinic in South Florida.

In a statement, Bastardo acknowledged "significant errors in judgment during the
2012 season"; right now, we know only that MLB is alleging A-Rod used illegal
PEDs for "multiple years." So it could turn out that neither man was juicing
during the '09 Fall Classic.

But at times like these, we find plenty of folks prioritizing sanctimony over
specifics.

So we have people wondering which players and teams were "clean" and which
weren't, and nice guys like Damon getting reeled into this fruitless endeavor.

"I'm glad I was able to win a championship in New York," Damon said. "The whole
era is a bad subject." Eh. It seems bad because the illegal PEDs get
increasingly effective.

But players in the 1970s broke the law by using amphetamines to help their
games, and far worse, they consorted with gamblers in the early 20th century.
We'll never know what results in the record books are skewed because players
perhaps weren't invested in helping their own club win.

And don't even get us started on owners behaving badly. The segregation prior to
1947 created an easier playing field for white ballplayers, which impacts the
statistics.

The guys who ran teams in the 1980s were found guilty of colluding to keep
salaries down. They were doing the opposite of acting on behalf of their
friends.

Therefore, if we learn through the appeal hearing that MLB in fact has evidence
A-Rod used illegal PEDs during his memorable, fantastic 2009 postseason? It
won't mean a darn thing about the validity of the '09 World Series victory.

I asked Damon if he thought that perhaps some of his 2004 Red Sox teammates also
were using illegal PEDs. Agreeable once more, he said, "That's why you can't go
back and take awards away. You'll find out someone else was doing something."
"There's always going to be speculation about other teams that have won World
Series, whether a player was on it or not, how much a club benefited from it,"
Yankees manager Joe Girardi said. "So I don't really get too caught up in that."
It's in his best interests not to get caught up in that; he managed the '09
Yankees, too. Yet Girardi is right. To get caught up in this sort of unnavigable
riddle is to waste one's brain cells with little gain at the front end.

Yankees fans should feel no shame over what their team did four years ago, or
over how much A-Rod contributed. In a sports world where we'll never get the
answers to all of our questions about these athletes and their "cleanliness,"
the results are all you have.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: : JOHNNY B. BAD: Alex Rodriguez (far left) was the toast of New York
after the Yankees' 2009 title, but former teammate Johnny Damon thinks A-Rod's
suspension casts a pall on the Bombers' 27th championship. (N.Y. Post: Charles
Wenzelberg; Paul Martinka )

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              975 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Local Finances in Peril, State Comptroller Warns

BYLINE: By THOMAS KAPLAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 656 words


Local governments across New York State are collecting less in taxes, burning
through their cash reserves and running up deficits, according to a report
released Wednesday by the state comptroller.

The report by the comptroller, Thomas P. DiNapoli, cast long-term doubt on the
financial health of many municipalities in the state, which are faced with
anemic revenues and fewer remaining ways to cut costs.

And it offered another sobering prospect to local officials who have worried
aloud in recent months that some of the state's largest city governments may
soon be unable to make ends meet.

In a telephone interview, Mr. DiNapoli said local governments were facing a
''perfect storm'' of financial pressures -- including diminished state aid,
falling property values and sluggish collections of sales tax.

The result, according to the report, is that balance sheets across the state
are, in many cases, unsound, and are likely to remain that way or worsen in the
coming years.

In many ways, the comptroller's report echoed a study released last month by a
task force of budget experts that concluded that the fiscal crisis facing state
governments would linger even after the nation's economy recovered. Mr. DiNapoli
said the same was true of local governments in New York State.

''The challenges that are being faced now are not just a short-term cycle that's
going to turn around quickly,'' Mr. DiNapoli said. ''At least for the
foreseeable future, there is a new reality, in terms of diminished revenues, and
it's affecting every level of government.''

More local governments, the report said, are struggling to pay their bills on a
day-to-day basis. Almost 300 local governments ended the 2010 or 2011 fiscal
year -- or both -- with a deficit, and more than 100 do not currently have
enough cash on hand to pay even three-quarters of their liabilities, Mr.
DiNapoli's office found.

Even a city that is not facing immediate issues of solvency, the report said, is
''having a hard time maintaining the services its residents want and need'' as a
result of widespread spending cuts over the past few years.

''No matter how you measure it, almost all cities in New York are stressed and
have to work hard to keep their fiscal houses in order,'' the report said.

Mr. DiNapoli's study focused in part on the challenges facing local governments
in coming up with the revenue they need. Peter A. Baynes, the executive director
of the New York State Conference of Mayors and Municipal Officials, said mayors
were increasingly desperate for new sources of revenue, like additional aid from
the state or increases in local sales tax rates.

''They've done just about all they can do on the spending side of the equation,
in terms of reining in expenses, consolidating departments and using attrition
to not fill positions,'' Mr. Baynes said. ''All that's left for cities is to lay
off employees that provide essential services.''

As he has in the past, Mr. DiNapoli urged local governments on Wednesday to
embrace multiyear financial planning and to resist fiscal trickery as they seek
to balance their budgets in the short term. The report said that poor
record-keeping and other questionable accounting practices were serving, in some
cases, to mask the extent of the governments' financial distress.

But Richard L. Brodsky, a former assemblyman who was a writer of a recent report
on the troubled finances of Yonkers, said cities that had improved their
financial planning and forsaken gimmicks found that within the next few years,
they would be unable to close their projected budget gaps.

Mr. Brodsky predicted that ''New York will see what California has already
seen,'' with localities simply unable to make the budget math work.

''You've got an unsolvable problem,'' he said, ''which logically takes you to
the consequences of that, which are bankruptcy, bailout or control board. That's
where the mayors are. That's the conversation they're having.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              976 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                Scottish Express

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday
                                   Edition 1;
                                    Scotland

MUM'S 16 YEARS FOR 'GHASTLY' KILLINGS;
Child slayer Riggi on prison suicide watch Father 'pained to the core' by triple
killing

BYLINE: Stephen Wilkie

SECTION: NEWS; FRONT PAGE; Pg. 1,5

LENGTH: 689 words


THE father of three young children stabbed to death by their mother during a
bitter custody battle spoke yesterday of his anguish at failing to protect them.

Pasquale Riggi said he was "pained to the core" after his estranged wife Theresa
was jailed for a minimum of 16 years for killing eight-year-old twins Austin and
Luke and their sister Cecilia, five.

Defence lawyer Donald Findlay last night said Riggi had been assaulted several
times while in custody and was likely to remain a suicide risk. Mr Riggi said
the "horrific " in which his children died would leave an "indelible mark" on
his life.

Theresa Riggi, 47, was initially charged with murder but last month she pleaded
guilty to culpable homicide on the grounds of diminished responsibility.

The bloodstained bodies of the children were discovered last August at the
family's rented flat in an Edinburgh townhouse following a suspected gas
explosion.

They had been stabbed eight times each and were found lying side by side in a
bedroom.

US-born Mrs Riggi, a violinist who taught music, was badly injured after falling
head first from a second-floor balcony in a suicide bid.

She was in the middle of a custody dispute following the breakdown of her
marriage to Mr Riggi, 46.

Psychiatrists found she was paranoid and suffering from narcissistic personality
disorder.

But passing sentence at the High Court in Glasgow the judge, Lord Bracadale,
described her crime as "ghastly and grotesque" and told her: "You are not
mentally ill."

He added: "You, and others, must understand that, while your responsibility is
diminished, you are still responsible for your actions.

"The number and nature of the stab wounds to each child is indicative of a truly
disturbing degree of violence which, in order to bring about the deaths of three
children, must have been sustained over a significant period of time.

Insane

"It is difficult to envisage the physical commission of such acts.

"It is clear that any degree of responsibility for such ghastly and grotesque
acts must be visited with a lengthy sentence of imprisonment."

Riggi married Pasquale, an oil company executive in her home town of
Bakersfield, California, in 1989. But the couple had separated by the time they
moved to Scotland in February 2007.

Mr Riggi stayed in a flat in Aberdeen city centre while the rest of the family
lived in the nearby village of Skene before moving to Edinburgh.

Mrs Riggi killed the youngsters after a divorce judge told social workers to
track them down and take them into care if necessary.

Defence QC Donald Findlay told the court that Riggi was "wholly devoted" to her
children and feared they would be taken away from her.

He said: "However irrational and however insane, that was the world as Theresa
Riggi saw it."

The divorce judge's order was not faxed for 24 hours and was received just
minutes before reports of the gas blast sent emergency services to the flat.

Despite the delay, City of Edinburgh Council insisted its staff had not failed
the family and said nothing could have stopped Theresa Riggi's murder-suicide
plan.

In a statement read outside the court after sentencing, Mr Riggi said: "The
horrific manner in which my children died will leave an indelible mark on the
rest of my life. As a father, my natural instincts were geared toward
safeguarding my children from the dangers of this world. "It pains me to the
core that I was unable to protect them from the selfish, brutal and murderous
acts that ended their lives so unfairly on August 4, 2010. There is no
justification for this heinous crime. Nor is there any sentence that can provide
justice for the overwhelming loss of three lives and the subsequent painful
grief and devastation caused to surviving family and friends alike."

He added that he would never forget the children, who left "lasting impressions"
on him.

"I think about them at least 100 times each day," he said. "They are in my
thoughts when I wake in the morning and before I go to sleep at night."

Lord Bracadale ordered that Mrs Riggi, who will serve her sentence at Cornton
Vale Prison near Stirling, should be deported to the United States when she is
paroled.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Theresa Riggi, 47, 'is not mentally ill'
Killer Theresa Riggi arrives at court in a prison vehicle yesterday
Eight-year-old twins Luke, left, and Austin were stabbed to death by their
mother
Stabbing victim Cecilia, five - and, right, her devastated father Pasquale
Riggi, 46

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DXPscot


                       Copyright 2011 Express Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              977 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            November 16, 2009 Monday

Debt worries push MGM to seek sale

BYLINE: BROOKS BARNES

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 361 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES

ABSTRACT

The announcement, which was expected, is a test to see how much
Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer can fetch in its diminished state, analysts said.

FULL TEXT

Metro-Goldwyn-Mayer is back on the block.

The film studio, crumbling under the weight of almost $4 billion in debt, said
late Friday that it would seek a buyer. MGM could also try to merge with another
media company or remain independent with new equity investors, an option that is
regarded by analysts as unlikely.

The announcement, which was expected, is a test to see how much the studio can
fetch in its diminished state, analysts said. Estimates for the studio, which
owns a 4,000-title film library and holds the rights to the James Bond
franchise, range from a bargain-basement $1.5 billion to almost $3 billion.

A consortium that includes Sony, Comcast, Providence Equity Partners and the
Quadrangle Group took MGM private in 2004 for $5 billion.

Although MGM has not yet opened its books to potential buyers, interested
parties have been evaluating the company. Time Warner, sitting on a deep cash
reserve, is considered a candidate; Warner already plans to co-produce two
''Hobbit'' movies with MGM.

Other potential bidders include Qualia Capital, a private equity fund run by the
Hollywood veteran Amir Malin; 20th Century Fox, which distributes MGM's home
entertainment products; and Lionsgate. MGM also said that it had gained
additional concessions from lenders to allow it to pursue a merger or
acquisition, a process that is expected to take a couple of months or more. MGM
can now skip interest payments until Jan. 31. Previously, lenders had agreed to
allow MGM to skip payments for September, October and November.

Once the most powerful studio in Hollywood, MGM has released only one movie in
the past year, a remake of ''Fame'' that sputtered at the box office. A studio
spokeswoman said MGM had enough cash on hand to market and complete a handful of
films planned for next year, including a ribald comedy called ''Hot Tub Time
Machine.''

The company is under the leadership of the turnaround expert Stephen F. Cooper,
who took over in August after the company fired Harry E. Sloan as chief
executive.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              978 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                June 29, 1996, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

LETTERS FROM THE PEOPLE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7B

LENGTH: 591 words


Health Dangers Of Cost Cutting

A recent survey of 1,001 adults was conducted by Princeton Survey Research
Associates. The results show that Americans are worried about the changes taking
place in our health-care system.

"Among the seven cost-cutting options that (were) investigated, consumers' top
two concerns are related to changes in nursing staff," according to Diane
Colasanto of the Princeton Survey. "The public fears that changes in hospital
nursing staff will substantially lower the quality of patient care."

The survey showed 75 percent of the respondents believe fewer RNs at the bedside
means diminished quality of care; 67 percent feel that unlicensed assisting
personnel performing traditional nursing duties leads to the same diminished
care.

So why are the leading health-care institutions in the area insisting on a
decrease in RN staff and an increase in unlicensed aides?

Surely, anyone awakening from surgery or an invasive test or in a medical crisis
deserves to be assessed and cared for by a RN - that is, someone trained to
interpret the vital signs, not just check the vital signs; someone trained to
know what chills during a blood transfusion means, not just someone to offer a
blanket; someone who can answer questions about the illness, recovery and
medications, not just someone with a smile and a hello.

Our health is precious to us all and should not be put in jeopardy for the sake
of executive salaries. Health-care institutions should listen to the fears of
their potential customers.

Mary Pommier

Kirkwood

In the June 16 article, "A View Of Job Security: From Above And Below," Fred J.
Brown, chief executive of BJC Health System, stated that workers shouldn't
expect a lifetime guarantee of employment.

Well, how about a three- or four-year guarantee - as in a written contract?
That's exactly what the machinists are fighting for - some protection from
greedy corporate America.

Our spirits are broken because health executives continually try to model health
care after the truck and assembly lines they so admire. Who knows better than
nurses and other health-care workers that we are not dealing with automobile
parts? We're no longer allowed to voice our opinion or be the patient advocate
out of fear of being "written up."

Brown says employees will be empowered by more challenging jobs. We see that as
more work - less help! And, as an RN, I can say to the consumer, believe me,
your quality of care is going downhill every day.

Nurses are being replaced by unlicensed caregivers. In other words, anyone can
do patient care, with minimal, on-the-job training. Perhaps an emergency room
physician will request the E.R be closed because there aren't enough nurses to
handle one more trauma - as happened previously. Mistakes are being made -
dangerous mistakes - just because health care has become the No. 1 profit
industry in this nation.

BJC says that it's hard to be first, and yet it is the second-largest nonprofit
(tax-exempt) health-care system in the nation and second-largest employer in St.
Louis. And it continues to take away wages, benefits and, most important of all,
licensed, professional caregivers.

Are insurance premiums decreasing? Hospital bills? I don't think so.

BJC wants its budgets cut and productivity increased. Whether it hurts or not,
Brown said, change is essential. Well, change may be essential, and it
definitely hurts when the patient (the customer) suffers, but greed is not
essential.

Sharon A. Penrod, R.N.

High Ridge

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 1996

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Graphic Illustration by Joe Staebell/St. Louis (In a hospital
room, man in bed, hooked up to IVs and monitors says, "Nurse? Nurse?" A man
mopping the floor replies, "Yeah, Yeah! I'll get your medicine when I'm done
mopping.")

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 1996 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              979 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               July 27, 1988, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

Dow Edges Up 2.14 Amid Light Volume

BYLINE: By PHILLIP H. WIGGINS

SECTION: Section D; Page 8, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 553 words


Stocks ended a bit higher and the Dow Jones industrial average carved out a
2.14-point gain, to 2,073.97. Advances on the New York Stock Exchange edged
declining stocks, 764 to 676.

Volume on the Big Board fell to 122 million shares, the fourth-slowest day of
the year, from a busy 215.1 million shares on Monday.

Eugene E. Peroni Jr., chief technical analyst at Janney Montgomery & Scott Inc.
in Philadelphia, said there was little broad-based enthusiam among investors.

'Momentum Has Diminished'

''Breadth momentum has diminished since mid-June and has left the Dow in an
indecisive trading range that finds market participants increasingly
scrutinizing data and abruptly shifting their perceptions about the economic and
political outlook,'' he said. ''This has caused investors to revert to a
rifle-shot stock-picking approach.''

Analysts maintained that yesterday's gain might have been helped by a decline in
metals prices and the second-largest drop in history in the Commodity Research
Bureau's index, sectors that are considered by many as noninflationary
indicators.

Durables Data Had Little Impact

Traders also cited investors' hesitancy in advance of the release of today's
gross national product figures for the second quarter. Yesterday's announcement
that orders for durable goods rose 8.8 percent - the largest increase in 42
months - had little overall impact on equities.

In the broader market, the Standard & Poor's 500-stock index edged 0.51 higher,
to 265.19; the New York Stock Exchange index was up 0.29, to 150.03.

Among individual stocks, I.B.M. rose 1/4, to 122 5/8. The computer giant won a
$3.6 billion contract from the Transportation Department and also introduced 10
mainframe computers.

Some Japanese Issues Down

Continuing their see-saw pattern of recent days, Japanese stocks fell after
gaining handsomely on Monday. Kyocera was the Big Board's biggest dollar loser,
falling 3 1/2, to 88. Hitachi fell 2 1/8, to 144 3/4, while Matsushita declined
2 points, to 216 1/2.

Interco, which is reportedly being accumulated by Smith Barney, Harris Upham &
Company, rose 1 7/8, to 58 7/8.

Among blue-chip issues, G.E. slipped 1/4, to 41 1/2; Digital Equipment dropped 1
5/8, to 103 1/2, and USX dropped a point, to 30 1/8.

Polaroid rose 1 1/8, to 41 1/4, on rumors that Fuji might soon emerge in the
takeover battle for the photographic-equipment company.

On the American Stock Exchange, the Amex market value index dipped 0.04, to
304.64, while in over-the-counter trading, the Nasdaq composite index declined
1.33 points, to 385.79.

THE FAVORITE STOCKS

Performance of the 15 stocks with the most shareholders

                                                       1988
                                                %         %
Stocks                   Last      Chg.      Chg.      Chg.

A.T.&T.                26 1/4     - 1/8      -0.5      -2.8
G.M.                   79 3/8     - 5/8      -0.8     +29.3
BellSouth              40 3/4       0.0       0.0     +12.0
Bell Atl.              68 3/4     + 1/8      +0.2      +5.8
US West                    54     + 1/8      +0.2      +5.6
Nynex                  63 7/8       0.0       0.0      -0.6
SW Bell                37 3/8     + 3/8      +1.0      +8.7
Ameritech                  89     + 1/2      +0.6      +5.2
Pac Tel                28 7/8     + 1/4      +0.9      +8.4
I.B.M.                122 5/8     + 1/4      +0.2      +6.2
Exxon                  45 3/4     + 3/8      +0.8     +20.0
G.E.                   41 1/2     - 1/4      -0.6      -5.9
GTE                    39 1/4     + 1/2      +1.3     +11.0
Occi Pet                   26
 *                        0.0       0.0      +6.6
Bell Canada            30 1/8       0.0       0.0      +5.7


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              980 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 8, 1992, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

Message From G.M.'s Board: Cut Losses Fast

BYLINE: By DORON P. LEVIN,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 19; Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 966 words

DATELINE: DETROIT, April 7


The historic overthrow of General Motors' president leaves Robert C. Stempel,
G.M.'s chairman and chief executive, in a fight for authority over his company.

In the two years since he took office, Mr. Stempel, who is 58 years old, has
moved slowly, even deliberately, in paring down the world's largest auto maker
to bring it into line with its diminished market share.

But now, outside directors of the General Motors Corporation, led by John G.
Smale (rhymes with mail), the retired chairman and chief executive of the
Procter & Gamble Company, sent him an unambiguous message: slow and deliberate
is not fast enough. The board made it clear that the company's losses, amounting
to $7 billion in North America last year, were unacceptable, and that Lloyd E.
Reuss, the G.M. president, who was in charge of domestic operations, had to go.

Stempel's Awkward Position

By ordering Mr. Reuss's demotion, the board also wounded Mr. Stempel and
diminished his authority in the eyes of subordinates, experts in management and
the auto industry said.

But, they added, if he reacts with anger or disappointment, he may be committing
a fatal error. Instead, he must find a way to align himself with G.M.'s board,
forge an alliance with the new president, John F. (Jack) Smith Jr., and carry
out the board's command to manage more aggressively, thereby restoring his
credibility as a leader. Otherwise, the entire G.M. organization may become
paralyzed.

"No aggressive manager will take any kind of risk when there is a sense of
disunity at the top," said Jeffrey Sonnenfeld, a professor of management at
Emory University in Atlanta. "It's too easy to hitch your wagon to the wrong
star."

Holding Executives Accountable

If the auto maker fails to respond to the board's signals, Mr. Stempel's
strength as a leader could be further compromised, paving the way for Mr. Smith
to replace him. Meanwhile, the displacement of Mr. Stempel as chairman of the
executive committee, a post that is now Mr. Smale's, clearly signifies that the
outside directors will hold executives strictly and directly accountable for
their performance, a condition that has not existed at G.M. since the 1920's.

The G.M. board's executive committee, traditionally run by the chairman,
consists of the chairmen of the board's committees. Until this week, the full
power of the board resided in the committee between the 10 full board meetings
each year. That changed on Monday, according to a G.M. spokesman, when Mr. Smale
took charge of the committee -- removing Mr. Stempel -- and the committee's
focus shifted to advising the company's management.

Since announcing in December that it would close 21 plants and eliminate 74,000
jobs, G.M. has identified only a dozen plants, leaving tens of thousands of
workers to worry about their fate. Many Wall Street analysts said the quickest
way for Mr. Stempel and Mr. Smith to improve G.M.'s financial position would be
to close unprofitable North American operations quickly, to stop artificially
inflating G.M.'s market share by producing too many vehicles and then paying
hefty -- and costly -- rebates to sell them, and to reduce the work force to a
size consistent with the number of vehicles being sold.

The person now in charge of making these things happen is Mr. Smith, who carried
out a similar task in the mid-1980's in Europe, where G.M. is now quite
profitable.

By yanking Mr. Reuss as president, as well as Robert T. O'Connell as chief
financial officer, the directors also broadcast a message to the rest of G.M.
"Just keeping out of trouble isn't good enough anymore," said a senior G.M.
manager who spoke on condition of anonymity. "The board wants results."

Elmer Johnson, a former G.M. executive vice president who specializes in issues
of corporate governance, said that forcing all managers to be more accountable
for their performance would benefit the American economy. "You make G.M.
competitive and you'll make this country competitive," he said.

G.M.'s managers must understand, he said, "the higher you rise in the
organization, the tougher the standards of performance are going to be." He
added: "That's a very good message to send out when you are eliminating 74,000
jobs. You can't have the moral authority to make those decisions unless there is
accountability."

Smith's Record in Europe

An unpretentious man who would show up at company picnics in blue jeans, Mr.
Smith caught the eye of G.M.'s outside directors for the way he presided over
the turnaround of the European unit, which had been unprofitable. Soon after
arriving in 1986 as an executive vice president of European operations, Mr.
Smith began concentrating on ways to reduce costs.

"He was interested in everything: the way we dealt with suppliers, how we worked
internally and with our dealers," said Ken Levy, a G.M. spokesman in Europe. Mr.
Smith was promoted to president of G.M. Europe in 1987 and returned to the
United States in 1988.

Mr. Smith, who is 54, supervised the closing of an assembly plant in Antwerp,
Belgium, and the consolidation of a second G.M. plant there, where schedules
were adjusted to expand production to 20 hours a day. Production at a plant in
Zaragoza, Spain, was increased to 21 hours.

Because of cost-cutting and the rising popularity of its models, G.M. Europe
began making money in 1987 after several years of horrendous losses. The company
has since been profitable, toting up more than $8 billion of profits in the last
five years.

One of Mr. Smith's new partners will be William E. Hoglund, a G.M. executive
known for his friendly, gregarious nature. He replaced Mr. O'Connell, who was an
executive vice president as well as chief financial officer, and was regarded by
many as a rival of Mr. Smith.

LOAD-DATE: April 8, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC: John (Jack) F. Smith Jr., the fast-rising vice chairman in charge of
international operations and a principal architect of G.M. Europe's growth in
the 1980's, to G.M. president and chief operating officer.
Chart: "Who's Up At General Motors"

William E. Hoglund, a finance man who helped turn around G.M.'s troubled Pontiac
division in the 1980's, from executive vice president in charge of G.M.'s auto
parts operations, to chief financial officer.

John G. Smale, the former Procter & Gamble chairman and a director for 10 years,
named chairman of the board's executive committee.

Who's Down

Robert C. Stempel, the chairman of G.M. was replaced by John G. Smale as
chairman of the executive committee of G.M.'s board.

LLoyd E. Reuss, a close colleague of Mr. Stempel, from president to exectuvie
vice president in charge of new vehicles and systems.

Robert T. O'Connell, a finance man from the Roger Smith era, from executive vice
president and chief financial officer to senior vice president responsible for
General Motors Acceptance Corp.

Who Dominates the Board: Outside Directors

Anne L. Armstrong, chairman board of trustees, Center for Strategic and
International Studies.

Thomas E. Everhart, president, California Institute of Technology.

Charles T. Fisher 3d, chairman and president, NBD Bancorp Inc.

Marvin L. Goldberger, president emeritus, California Institute of Technology;
professor of physics U.C.L.A.

J. Willard Marriott Jr., chairman, president and chief executive, Marriott.

Ann D. McLaughlin, visiting fellow, The Urban Institute.

Edmund T. Pratt Jr., chairman, Pfizer.

John G. Smale, chairman of executive committee of Procter & Gamble's board.

Leon H. Sullivan, pastor emeritus Zion Baptist Church of Philadelphia.

Dennis Weatherstone, chairman, J.P. Morgan.

Thomas H. Wyman, former chairman of CBS.


                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              981 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            October 6, 2012 Saturday

LENGTH: 717 words


MARIJUANA DANGEROUS

Almost every year, attempts are made to get medical-excuse marijuana laws passed
in Kansas. These attempts tend to drive public perception of marijuana as being
less harmful than it is and as an acceptable drug for use.

The weakening of medical marijuana laws, laws that violate the FDA approval
process in the first place, facilitate abuse. The overall atmosphere with the
softening of marijuana laws does put young people at greater risk as a result of
diminished perception of risk or harm of using marijuana.

Marijuana use and illicit prescription drug use is increasing among Kansas
youths. If medical-excuse marijuana laws were passed, we would expect to see a
huge upsurge in marijuana availability added to the mix of deadly illicit
prescription drugs available to youths.

The density of alcohol and tobacco sales outlets contributes to availability and
an increase in illicit use of these drugs. Reports from states that have passed
medical-excuse marijuana laws also indicate the greater the number of
prescription providers and outlets, the greater the increase in the number of
people using marijuana illicitly.

Marijuana users of all ages perform more poorly than nonusers on cognitive
tasks, especially those that require executive function. New research shows that
early users (people who begin marijuana use before age 16) have more difficulty
than late onset users. Age of onset, frequency of use and amount of use were all
factors in poor cognitive performance.

Onset of marijuana use during adolescence is now also linked to altered brain
development leading to long-term cognitive impairment.

Kansas can ill afford the additional increases in risks to our children, youths
and adults that medical-excuse marijuana would bring to our state.

MAX WILSON,TOPEKA

POT NOT HARMLESS

I take strong exception to the assertions by Dr. Jon Hauxwell, reported Sept. 30
in The Topeka Capital-Journal, that marijuana for medicinal purposes is
essentially harmless.

Such comments reflect either ignorance of the medical literature or malignant
disregard of it. More concerning is that The Capital-Journal did not challenge
these assertions nor provide a contrary point of view.

While it is true that marijuana does not cause overdose deaths because it does
not suppress respiration, there exists a host of new data demonstrating
significant problems with acute psychosis and difficulty with long-term use
causing diminished cognitive brain function, as well as mental decline in HIV
and multiple sclerosis patients who use it medically. Recent reports have also
emerged tying marijuana use to testicular cancer and problems with pregnancy.

Since the opening of marijuana dispensaries in California, marijuana-related
traffic fatalities have doubled. Colorado sees a similar problem.

It tells much about the medical-excuse pot movement to find that about 80
percent of medical-excuse pot users are under age 54 and using for the complaint
of chronic pain. The actual medical distribution of chronic pain is the exact
opposite of this.

The reality is that the medical-excuse pot movement is creating a system that
bypasses the FDA and creates marijuana by popular vote.

Even Hauxwell should oppose such a terrible turn in public policy.

ERIC A. VOTH, M.D.,CHAIRMAN, INSTITUTE ON GLOBAL DRUG POLICY,TOPEKA

AARP DECEIT

AARP, the stated champion of those 55 and older, made the headlines during its
recent convention.

Rep. Paul Ryan was an invited guest speaker. However, many of those in
attendance walked out on his presentation. So much for civility in the
organization. The convention derided Ryan for noting that $716 billion will be
taken from Medicare to pay for Obamacare. This reduction in funding inevitably
will lead to less medical service and more difficult physician access for
Medicare recipients.

In an attempt to prevent services and physican care from being reduced, a
15-member Payment Advisory Board will be charged with rationing Medicare
services.

Medicare recipients must remember AARP is an insurance company. Its goal is more
revenue from its health and insurance products.

AARP is the Pied Piper of the Medicare population group, leading them to reduced
medical care and rationing of services. AARP's treatment of the Medicare
population group defies logic.

PHILLIP BAKER, M.D.,TOPEKA

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              982 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            February 3, 1992 Monday

Fed chairman upstages Bush speech

BYLINE: LAUREN R. RUBLIN; GAM

LENGTH: 752 words

DATELINE: New York NY


BY LAUREN R. RUBLIN
From BARRON'S
In NEW YORK
 THE stock market was supposed to focus last week on the State of the
Union address: what U.S. President George Bush was going to say, what he
actually said and what the public thought of what he said in his speech.

But Mr. Bush was upstaged a day later by U.S. Federal Reserve chairman
Alan Greenspan, who told the Senate banking committee at his
reconfirmation hearings Wednesday that the Fed "will be there" if further
easing of interest rates is necessary. But the economy probably will
recover, he added, without such a move.

The mere suggestion that rates had seen their lows sent the bond market
diving and that was cue enough for stocks to follow.

The Dow Jones industrial average, which only the day before hit a
record 3,272.14 points, went into an 80-point fall from the day's high and
never quite recovered.

If Wednesday's rout was a sneak preview of the market's reaction to any
rise in rates, the actual show may prove too grisly to watch. In the
meantime, investors were spooked enough to send every market measure down,
most for a second consecutive week. The Dow industrials dropped 9.39
points to 3,223.39 over the full five sessions and would have lost more if
not for robust gains by Walt Disney Co. of Burbank, Calif., Procter &
Gamble Co. of Cincinnati and Coca-Cola Co. of Atlanta.

The market's current pause hardly seems to indicate diminished interest
in stocks. Only 19.4 per cent of investment advisers surveyed early last
week confessed to being bearish, about the same percentage that felt that
way the week before. And, although the contingent expecting a modest
correction grew to 24.8 per cent from 20.9 per cent the prior week, 55.8
per cent of the folks surveyed were outright bullish on market prospects.
This compares with a reading of 36.8-per-cent bears and 42.1-per-cent
bulls at the end of last year.

Wall Street strategists now are recommending the biggest commitment to
stocks - 65.2 per cent exposure in a model portfolio that also includes
bonds and cash - since the numbers first were tracked in 1987. Their
enthusiasm for equities has not escaped notice by individual investors.
One measure of individual investor enthusiasm for stocks is the NASDAQ
composite's 5.78-per-cent gain last month.

Big-cap issues, on the other hand, registered more moderate gains or
losses. Dow industrials edged up only 1.72 per cent in January, while
Standard and Poor's 500 slumped 1.99 per cent. Moreover, national market
system volume in the month hit a record 4.63 billion shares, topping the
previous high of 3.32 billion. Total NASDAQ volume was a record 5.51
billion shares.

Another indication that there is no diminished interest in stocks is
the unprecedented flow of cash into equity mutual funds in the last two
months. In December alone, the Investment Company Institute reports,
investors poured a record $7.4-billion (U.S.) into stock funds, far
surpassing the $5.9-billion invested in January, 1987, the last record
month. In addition, December's net inflow was more than double the $3.5-
billion invested in stock funds in November. If anything, the flow
increased in January, report astonished fund company executives.

Perhaps more enlightening, and certainly indicative of the speculative
impulses driving this latest crop of comers, was the distribution of
December's princely sum. A whopping $2.7-billion was plowed into growth
funds, while some $2.1-million found its way into aggressive and riskier
growth funds.

Ironically, while fund assets, stock prices and speculative fervor may
be growing, the economy and corporate profits are not. Recent statistics
suggest no expansion by the economy and consumer confidence is certainly
not improving.

As for corporate profits, get out your hankies. True, Disney and Coke,
along with McDonald's Corp. of Oak Brook, Ill., Polaroid Corp. of
Cambridge, Mass., and a couple of others served up good news.

But three ailing industrial giants - Bethlehem Steel Corp. of
Bethlehem, Pa., Westinghouse Electric Corp. of Pittsburgh, and Asarco Inc.
of New York - all slashed dividends.

Another troubling aspect of the public's huge appetite for stocks is
the heartburn suffered recently by holders of shares in brokerage houses
such as New York firms Merrill Lynch and Co. Inc., PaineWebber Inc., Bear
Stearns & Co. Inc. and Charles Schwab & Co. Inc. of San Francisco. How can
the market continue to return so much to so many when the very folks who
facilitate the party are coming under attack? And, at that, after posting
record fourth-quarter earnings?

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1992 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              983 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 24, 2012 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Personal Health: Dental Exam Went Well? Thank Fluoride

BYLINE: By JANE E. BRODY

SECTION: Section D; Column 0; Science Desk; WELL; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1162 words


I admit to being jealous of my sons for growing up in a time when vaccines
spared them miseries like the measles, mumps and polio scares that marred my
childhood. But I'm most envious of their freedom from the dental decay that
forced me to spend countless miserable hours with my mouth propped open while
the dentist did his best to stay on top of rapidly rotting teeth.

By my mid-20s, I had already lost one molar and all four wisdom teeth, and every
remaining molar had been restored with fillings.

It's not that I failed to brush my teeth or that I noshed constantly on sweets.
It's that my teeth lacked the protection of fluoride, which was introduced to
New York City's water supply in 1964, five years before my twin sons were born
but 23 years too late for me.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention calls fluoridation one of the 10
most valuable public health measures of the 20th century. In the early years,
rates of tooth decay among the young dropped by 60 percent in communities that
adopted fluoridation. My sons, who consumed fluoridated water in reconstituted
milk and orange juice as well as in tap water, completed childhood with not one
cavity.

Eventually, 70 percent of the country's towns and cities adopted this measure,
at an annual cost that today ranges from 95 cents to as much as $10 per person,
depending on the size of the community. And even though it may have diminished
the fortunes of the dental community, the American Dental Association, as well
as most national and international health agencies, endorsed fluoridation
without reservation.

In the years since, fluorides have been proved to reduce the rate of tooth decay
in adults as well as in children. Older adults whose exposed tooth roots are
highly susceptible to decay have particularly benefited.

The Diffusion Effect

It didn't take long for commercial interests to hop on the fluoride bandwagon,
introducing toothpastes and mouthwashes with fluoride, along with professionally
prescribed fluoride tablets and drops, gels and varnishes. In addition, through
the so-called diffusion effect, people living in communities without fluoridated
water wind up consuming it in drinks and foods prepared elsewhere.

Together, these secondary effects have diminished the benefit that can be
attributed directly to fluoridated water supplies to a reduction in tooth decay
of about 25 to 40 percent. Still, the cost-to-benefit ratio remains strongly in
favor of fluoridation.

Every $1 invested in fluoridation saves approximately $38 in dental treatment
costs, according to the C.D.C. The cost of a single filling averages $140, and
that's only the beginning. Through the years, a filled tooth is likely to
require further repairs and maybe even extraction and replacement with a bridge
or implant costing thousands of dollars.

None of this, however, has quelled the controversy over the safety of
fluoridation, which dates back to the first studies in the 1940s. In addition to
being labeled a Communist plot and an unconstitutional form of mass medication,
fluoridation has been accused of causing a host of medical horrors: heart
disease, cancer, Down syndrome, AIDS, allergies, Alzheimer's disease, mental
retardation, osteoporosis and fractures, among others.

None of these supposed risks has ever been established in scientifically valid
studies. The only proven risk, a condition called fluorosis, which results in
white and sometimes brownish markings on the teeth from too much fluoride,
rarely results from a normal intake of fluoridated water.

Still, given our increased exposure from other sources, in January 2011 the Food
and Drug Administration proposed reducing the amount of fluoride put into water
supplies to 0.7 milligrams per liter; a range of 0.7 to 1.2 milligrams had long
been the standard.

As with most substances, the dose makes the poison: In very high amounts,
fluoride is toxic, and products containing it should be kept out of reach of
children. The government recommends that fluoride not be given to babies younger
than 6 months - infant formula should be prepared with water that is not
fluoridated - and children younger than 2 should not use fluoridated toothpaste.
Those younger than 6 should use it only with supervision, to be sure they spit
it out.

In the last four years, about 200 communities, looking to save money and rallied
by opponents of fluoridation, have opted to stop adding fluoride to public water
supplies.

Fluoridation confers the greatest benefit to those who need it most: the poor
and poorly educated and those with limited access to regular dental care. In the
years ahead, removal of fluoride from drinking water will almost certainly cost
taxpayers millions of dollars in increased Medicaid expenditures.

Out-of-pocket costs will grow for other consumers, too - if not directly from
increased treatment of tooth decay, then from having to use alternate treatments
to glean fluoride protection.

Initially it was thought that fluoride had to become incorporated into tooth
structures as they form in order to be protective. It was later shown that
fluoride's primary benefit is topical, working on teeth already in the mouth.

Tooth enamel is ''fluid'' - every day minerals are lost from it and added to it
in processes known, respectively, as demineralization and remineralization.
Tooth decay is an infectious disease. Decay occurs when bacteria in the mouth
break down carbohydrates to produce acid that dissolves the minerals in tooth
enamel and dentin.

Compromising Bacteria

Fluoride, which is present in saliva and concentrates in dental plaque, inhibits
the action of acid on tooth minerals. It also promotes remineralization by
sticking to tooth surfaces, where it attracts calcium ions present in saliva.

In addition, fluoride in drinking water is taken up by decay-producing bacteria,
which inhibits their ability to produce acid.

Unchecked, dental decay can cause debilitating pain, tooth loss and the need for
dentures. In severe cases, the infection can become blood-borne and deadly.

Some people are especially susceptible to tooth decay, including those with a
history of frequent cavities, people with gum disease, and those who already
have crowns or bridges or who wear braces. Others at high risk include people
with dry mouth problems, like those with Sjogren's syndrome; people taking
medications that reduce saliva, like antihistamines and hypertensive drugs; and
people being treated with radiation to the head and neck.

Filtered tap water may or may not contain fluoride. Reverse-osmosis filters and
carbon filters with activated alumina remove most of the fluoride, but water
softeners and charcoal or carbon filters do not.

Some water supplies are naturally fluoridated. If you use well water, it must be
tested to learn the fluoride content. If you drink bottled water, check the
label or contact the company. Distilled water contains no fluoride.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY YVETTA FEDOROVA)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              984 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 27, 1999, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
'Don't Make Us Watch Basketball'

BYLINE: By DAVE ANDERSON

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 702 words

DATELINE: CARLSBAD, Calif.


AS soon as his birdie putt plopped into the cup on the 15th hole, Jeff Maggert
was suddenly 2 up. Without a glance at Tiger Woods, the 35-year-old touring pro
with only one victory in his nine years on the PGA Tour turned and strode toward
the 16th tee.

"C'mon, Tiger," a voice in the gallery yelled, "don't make us watch basketball
on Sunday."

But when Woods soon lost, 2 and 1, on the 17th green, the Andersen Consulting
Match Play Championship was assured of diminished ratings for tomorrow's 36-hole
final on the ABC network, as well as diminished credibility for the first of
three World Golf Championship tournaments this year.

Theatrically, the dream final would have had Woods, who is No. 1 in the world
ranking, against David Duval, who is No. 2. Or least Woods or Duval against any
of the other marquee names -- Mark O'Meara, Davis Love 3d or Ernie Els.

But with Woods and all of the world's other top 10 players already home for the
weekend, this tournament has dissolved into just another PGA Tour stop that is
almost instantly forgettable.

The Andersen Consulting promoters had hoped this match play event would at least
approach "major" status. But it won't now. Not even with $1 million to the
winner out of the $5 million bonanza.

Mere money is never enough to, and you'll pardon the expression, match the
history of the four major tournaments -- the Masters, the United States Open,
the British Open and the Professional Golfers' Association Championship.

But if Woods or Duval or O'Meara or Love or Els had won here, this event would
have earned a measure of respect as an important tournament -- because a top
golfer won it.

Instead, the World Golf Championship promoters have only themselves, alias the
vagaries of match play, to blame for the upsets that have created a 36-hole yawn
between the survivors of today's semifinals involving four longtime but
dull-time American touring pros -- Jeff Maggert versus Steve Pate and Andrew
Magee versus John Huston.

Considering their respective world ranking, the semifinals involve No. 24
(Maggert) versus No. 61 (Pate) and No. 50 (Magee) versus No. 27 (Huston). None
of the four has ever won a major.

That's not what the World Golf Championship had in mind when it created this
match play event. And when Maggert went 1 up on Woods with a birdie on the
541-yard 12th hole, that's not what the displayer of a huge homemade banner on a
nearby house had in mind. "Tiger's Championship," the blue-and-white banner
read.

Blue indeed for Tiger Woods. Bluer than the sky on this soft, sunny southern
California afternoon. Woods, the 23-year-old native of nearby Cypress, Calif.,
could not do what he was famous for doing in match play as the three-time United
States Amateur champion: coming from behind to win.

In his three 36-hole United States Amateur finals, with Trip Kuehne, Buddy
Mariucci and Steve Scott, Woods trailed, once by as much as six down to Kuehne,
but he rallied each time.

But this was not a 36-hole United States Amateur final; this was an 18-hole
match against Maggert, a hardened pro with a 4-3 record in Ryder Cup matches.

"When you get the top 64 players in the world and you give them just one round
of golf, anything can happen," Woods said. "I think if you would make 36-hole
matches, then I think you're going to see the better player come out on top.
Then again, playing 36-hole matches would wear you out a little bit."

Because of his awesome length off the tee, Woods usually has an advantage on the
par-5 holes, but on the four par-5 holes at the La Costa Resort and Spa in their
quarterfinal, Maggert was 1 up. And after going 2 up on the third hole, Woods
did not win another hole. He had no bogeys but only three birdies.

"I didn't think Jeff would give me an opening unless I applied enough pressure,"
Woods said. "If I was to make two or three birdies in a row and really put a lot
of heat on him, then I could see him possibly hitting one errant shot. But I
wasn't able to do that. I didn't hit enough good shots close to the hole."

And no matter who the winner is now, this Andersen Consulting Match Play
Championship will not hit enough good shots close to the stature of a major.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Tiger Woods (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              985 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday

Contra Costa Times editorial: Assemblywoman Mary Hayashi should resign in wake
of shoplifting plea of no contest.

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times editorial © Copyright 2011, Bay Area News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 460 words


The resolution of Assemblywoman Mary Hayashi's shoplifting case, in which she
pleaded no contest, has failed to clear up disturbing contradictions that cast
serious doubts about her fitness to continue to hold public office.

In the Castro Valley Democrat's first public comment since pleading no contest
to misdemeanor shoplifting, she said in a written statement, "I accept
responsibility, and I offer apologies, not excuses." Then came the excuses.

Her statement read, "The simple fact is I unintentionally walked out of a store
with items I had not paid for." Yet she pleaded no contest, which is tantamount
to an admission of guilt, which implies intent.

The judge in the case did not accept Hayashi's excuse that she accidentally
placed $2,445 worth of clothing in a shopping bag and walked out of the Neiman
Marcus store in San Francisco because she was distracted by her cellphone.

If he had believed her, the case would have been dropped.

She is fortunate that the district attorney reduced the charge from a felony to
a misdemeanor. Hayashi received a light sentence of three years of probation and
fines of $180.

In fact, Hayashi had been on Neiman Marcus' radar when she was arrested outside
its Union Square store in October. According to sources close to the case, a
week before the arrest, a store saleswoman noticed that a dress was missing
after a woman matching Hayashi's description tried it on.

The saleswoman did not know who Hayashi was, but when the lawmaker showed up
Oct. 25, the clerk alerted store security, and they began tracking her with
surveillance cameras.

That is how Hayashi was caught.

Distraction from a cellphone is not the only excuse Hayashi came up with. Her
attorney, Doug Rappaport, mentioned a benign brain tumor that might have been a
factor in the situation.

In her statement, Hayashi wrote, "There were a number of personal factors that
led to the situation where I made this absent-minded error. My medical condition
may have complicated the situation." Well, is the brain tumor a cause for
diminished capacity, or is it simply an appeal for sympathy?

Now that the case is over, Rappaport said Hayashi's behavior had been affected
by the tumor, but that it is curable, treatable and no longer affecting her.

After denying she intentionally stole anything and alluding to the tumor,
Hayashi wrote, "I want to be clear that I take full personal responsibility for
my actions."

Just what does she mean by "full responsibility"? Is it making excuses and
denying any intentional wrongdoing?

We believe taking responsibility has consequences. In Hayashi's case, it means
that her credibility has been so diminished that she should resign from her
Assembly seat or at the very least drop any plans to seek election to the state
Senate.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              986 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                          The Business Times Singapore

                               May 9, 2016 Monday

Market cheers bad news, eyes Fed moves

BYLINE: Rob Curran , Market cheers bad news, eyes Fed moves

SECTION: STOCKS; Global; WALL STREET INSIGHT

LENGTH: 911 words


STOCKS finished a losing week on a high note after a soft jobs report diminished
the odds of a Federal Reserve rate hike. The rebound could continue this week if
investors are convinced that the central bank will stay on hold through the
summer.

The positive response to negative jobs data was a stark reminder that we live in
a world where central-bank policy is paramount to the market outlook. That means
the confusion that has reigned in markets for 2016 is likely to last.

In April, the US economy added only 160,000 jobs, hardly enough to keep up with
the rate of population growth, even as the official unemployment rate held
steady at a healthy 5 per cent. The silver lining in the gloomy report was one
of the biggest increases in wage inflation during the current recovery.
Increases in the minimum wage in the Walmart supermarket chain and in cities
such as Seattle are finally having an effect.

The odds of a June rate hike were already low on Fed funds futures markets in
advance of the report, according to Joe Kinahan, chief derivatives strategist at
TD Ameritrade. After the report, several Wall Street brokers retracted their
predictions of a June hike. Stocks, which were initially weak because of the
growth worries raised by the report, rebounded on the rate implications.

Robert Kaplan, president of the Federal Reserve Bank of Dallas, said in early
April that economic data was something of a split decision, with employment data
consistent with strong growth and consumer spending data showing a slowdown.
Something had to give in one data set or the other, he noted, adding that he
would wait for the deadlock to be broken before advocating a hike. If the April
jobs report was the tie-breaker for officials like Mr Kaplan, it could be months
before the dreaded rate cycle starts again.

One way or another, the Fed is likely to resume hikes by the end of the year.

"Despite this slowdown in the pace of action by the Fed, the clear trajectory
for interest rates is up - especially now that the energy crisis has stabilised
and economic indicators strongly suggest that a cut won't be necessary," said
Buddie Ballard, a portfolio strategist for money manager Alpha Capital
Management, in a note to clients.

The question is whether hike fears will destabilise global markets as they did
when the first rate raise happened in December.

The bulls say that rate hikes will be interpreted as the Fed's endorsement of
the global economic recovery.

The bears warn that the US dollar will likely rise again in anticipation of
hikes, and that could set off a chain reaction where falling commodity prices
cause more emerging-markets crises. That's what caused the Fed to halt hikes in
the first place.

Last week, oil futures neared their highs of the year, largely because of
calamities in Canada, where a wild fire raged near the nation's oil-producing
capital of Fort McMurray; and in Libya, where rebels threatened to oust the
government.

More promisingly, executives at ArcelorMittal, the world's largest steelmaker,
said demand was rebounding after years of sliding prices caused by oversupply
and "dumping". The recovery in oil and steel prices could yet turn out to be a
blip in the multi-year slid in commodity prices, and the Fed might have to
change plans again.

Some investors are fed up with watching the Fed, and impatient for the stock
market to "return to normal". In a "normal" market, the actions of the Fed, the
European Central Bank and the Bank of Japan would not dominate the airwaves
during earnings season as they did in April. In a "normal" market, stocks would
fall after a bad jobs report and rise after a good one, instead of vice versa.

Bill Gross, the legendary bond investor, recently told clients of his new fund
at Janus Capital that "normal" is history. He expects that central banks will
continue printing money in an effort to fight a structural change in the global
economy: automation. In this interpretation of the global economy, customised
manufacturing machines, automated cars and algorithmic assistants are taking the
place of factory floor workers, taxi drivers and office clerks.

Just last week, General Motors said it had entered a partnership with Uber
online car service competitor Lyft to test automated taxis. One of the only ways
to revive the consumption economy in a situation where consumers are not earning
money from their jobs is to generate money through central-bank or fiscal
stimulus, Mr Gross added.

That would help explain why stock markets worldwide are behaving so erratically,
moving on the whims of central bankers. For 2016 so far, the stock market has no
trend - it hasn't gone up for long, it hasn't gone down for long, and it hasn't
stayed still for long.

Carter Worth, chief market technician at research firm Cornerstone Macro, summed
up the confusion in a note to clients late on Friday.

Mr Worth mimicked the debates on Wall Street, inventing strategist characters he
dubbed "Bullish Bill" and "Bearish Bob". Of course, neither one was right in
their predictions for 2016 so far, or, arguably, both were right.

The last word, Mr Worth gave to another strategist character, presumably loosely
based on himself, who he called "Honest Abe". That strategist took a step back
from the oscillating chart of the Standard & Poor's 500 for the first four
months of the year and said: "What the heck is going on? This is unsettling and
untradeable. I don't like this and I don't like this business right now."

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Stocks finished a losing week on a high note after a soft jobs report
diminished the odds of a Federal Reserve rate hike.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              987 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: PSYCHOLOGIST 4 (WSH) 11701

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: Olympia


The State of Washington has issued the following Job Vacancy:

Job Title:  PSYCHOLOGIST 4 (WSH) 11701
Opening Date/Time:  Thu. 11/07/13 12:00 AM Pacific Time
Closing Date/Time:  Mon. 02/10/15 5:00 PM Pacific Time
Salary:  $5,136.00 - $6,741.00 Monthly
Job Type:  Full Time - Permanent
Location:  Pierce County - Lakewood, Washington
Department:  Dept. of Social and Health Services

Description Benefits Supplemental Questions


Washington State Department of Social and Health Services (DSHS)

Our Vision is:
Safe, healthy individuals, families and communities

Our Mission is:
Transforming Lives

Our Values are:
Honesty and Integrity * Pursuit of Excellence *  Open Communication
Diversity and Inclusion * Commitment to Service
_____________________________________________________________________________

Western State Hospital is located on 264 acres on the original site of Fort
Steilacoom, amid 100 year old stately lined avenues, near the town of Steilacoom
and the city of Lakewood.
The hospital mission is to promote recovery and well being in partnership with
those served. The personal worth and dignity of every individual is highly
regarded in an environment where diversity, culture, and individual choice is
respected and valued.
Western State Hospital is recruiting for a Forensic Psychologist 4 position, day
shift 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.with Saturday/Sunday off.
This position is located  in the Center for Forensic Services (CFS), Ward F-5.

If you have questions regarding this recruitment, please contact the recruiter
listed in the "Supplemental Information" section of this publication.

Duties:
As a licensed psychologist responsible for conducting forensic evaluations and
providing expert testimony for the criminal courts in Western Washington under
RCW 10.77.
Provide an opinion regarding competency and in some cases sanity and diminished
capacity.

Responsible for doing a comprehensive review of all relevant information,
records and history to include: Interviews, Collect Data, Consultation,
Psychological testing and Research.

Responsible for the timely submission of forensic evaluation reports to the
court.
Analyze relevant data and facts and formulate opinion regarding the question
posed in the court order.

For every forensic evaluation or risk assessment assigned, expected productivity
is 10 per month to be pro-rated for vacation, or extensive court testimony
required on a specific case.

Court work: provide expert testimony to the respective court for competency,
sanity, diminished capacity, civil commitment or risk assessment. Prepare for
court testimony, travel to court, and provide testimony.
Communicate with attorneys: Review case findings with prosecutors and defense
counsel as appropriate.

Attend professional trainings, supervise post-doctoral students and interns,
provide trainings to peers and staff of other disciplines.


For Further information please visit:
http://agency.governmentjobs.com/washington

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              988 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 10, 2014 Monday

Washington: PSYCHOLOGIST 4 (WSH) 11701

LENGTH: 487  words

DATELINE: Olympia


The State of Washington has issued the following Job Vacancy:

Job Title:  PSYCHOLOGIST 4 (WSH) 11701
Opening Date/Time:  Thu. 11/07/13 12:00 AM Pacific Time
Closing Date/Time:  Mon. 03/10/14 5:00 PM Pacific Time
Salary:  $5,136.00 - $6,741.00 Monthly
Job Type:  Full Time - Permanent
Location:  Pierce County - Lakewood, Washington
Department:  Dept. of Social and Health Services

Description Benefits Supplemental Questions


Washington State Department of Social and Health Services (DSHS)

Our Vision is:
Safe, healthy individuals, families and communities

Our Mission is:
Transforming Lives

Our Values are:
Honesty and Integrity * Pursuit of Excellence *  Open Communication
Diversity and Inclusion * Commitment to Service
_____________________________________________________________________________

Western State Hospital is located on 264 acres on the original site of Fort
Steilacoom, amid 100 year old stately lined avenues, near the town of Steilacoom
and the city of Lakewood.
The hospital mission is to promote recovery and well being in partnership with
those served. The personal worth and dignity of every individual is highly
regarded in an environment where diversity, culture, and individual choice is
respected and valued.
Western State Hospital is recruiting for a Forensic Psychologist 4 position, day
shift 8:00 a.m. to 4:30 p.m.with Saturday/Sunday off.
This position is located  in the Center for Forensic Services (CFS), Ward F-5.

If you have questions regarding this recruitment, please contact the recruiter
listed in the "Supplemental Information" section of this publication.

Duties:
As a licensed psychologist responsible for conducting forensic evaluations and
providing expert testimony for the criminal courts in Western Washington under
RCW 10.77.
Provide an opinion regarding competency and in some cases sanity and diminished
capacity.

Responsible for doing a comprehensive review of all relevant information,
records and history to include: Interviews, Collect Data, Consultation,
Psychological testing and Research.

Responsible for the timely submission of forensic evaluation reports to the
court.
Analyze relevant data and facts and formulate opinion regarding the question
posed in the court order.

For every forensic evaluation or risk assessment assigned, expected productivity
is 10 per month to be pro-rated for vacation, or extensive court testimony
required on a specific case.

Court work: provide expert testimony to the respective court for competency,
sanity, diminished capacity, civil commitment or risk assessment. Prepare for
court testimony, travel to court, and provide testimony.
Communicate with attorneys: Review case findings with prosecutors and defense
counsel as appropriate.

Attend professional trainings, supervise post-doctoral students and interns,
provide trainings to peers and staff of other disciplines.


For Further information please visit:
http://agency.governmentjobs.com/washington

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              989 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                                Birmingham Post

                              May 4, 1999, Tuesday

ISRAELI GETS 20 YEARS FOR STUDENT'S MURDER

BYLINE: Rachael Crofts Special Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 419 words


A former Israeli army officer who gunned down two British students, killing one
and seriously injuring the other, was yesterday sentenced to 20 years in prison.

Students Mr Max Hunter and Miss Charlotte Gibb were shot at point blank range by
Daniel Okev (45) after accepting a lift during a holiday in Israel in August
1997.

The couple, who met at Durham University, were hitch-hiking across the Negev
Desert after leaving a kibbutz near Eilat when Okev, an Israeli Arab, picked
them up.

Miss Gibb, then 20, of Deeping St James, Lincolnshire, was shot in the face,
hand and arm at point-blank range after the trio stopped for a cigarette break.

The motiveless attack, which was totally without warning, left her boyfriend, a
22-year-old law graduate of Banstead, Surrey, dead.

At the time of the tragedy, Miss Gibb told reporters: "The man had been chatting
to us quite normally about our lives and past experiences in Israel and then
suggested we stop for a cigarette.

"We were outside the car when suddenly I saw a flash and he had shot Max."

Okev then turned the pistol on her, firing three times before driving off,
leaving her for dead.

She was found by a passing army patrol and flown to hospital in Beersheba.

Max Hunter, who was considering training as a barrister, was described by his
father Norman as being "everything a parent could hope for".

"He was exceptionally clever, good-looking and a first-class athlete. He had the
whole world at his feet and his death is such a terrible waste," Mr Hunter said
at the time.

Miss Gibb, who returned to her studies at Durham University after the attack, is
now believed to be working in America.

Okev was convicted last month after admitting the offences on the grounds of
insanity.

He claimed he was traumatised and suffered flashbacks from his work in a special
army unit tracking and killing suspected Palestinian militants in the Gaza Strip
in the 1970s.

His defence lawyer said three district court judges in the southern Negev Desert
town of Beersheba had disagreed over the length of the sentence, proposing 14,
20 and 23 years respectively, before settling on the 20- year term.

In convicting Okev, they ruled that he suffered from "diminished mental
capacity" and thus bore diminished responsibility for his crime.

Prosecutors had asked for a life sentence, the usual penalty for murder.
However, in the case of diminished responsibility, the judges are empowered to
impose a reduced sentence.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gunman's victims: Max Hunter and Charlotte Gibb.

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

               Copyright 1999 Midland Independent Newspapers plc


                              990 of 997 DOCUMENTS

             Metropolitan News Enterprise (Los Angeles, California)

                           January 2, 1997, Thursday

Ninth Circuit Rejects Claim That Secret Videotaping in Office Violated Privacy
of Jail Employees

BYLINE: By ROBERT GREENE, Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 674 words


Jail employees who were secretly videotaped in an office to which inmates had no
unsupervised access had no valid Fourth Amendment claim since their expectation
of privacy in the jail complex was "unreasonable," the Third District Court of
Appeal has ruled.

The court on Tuesday upheld a ruling granting summary judgment against several
Sacramento County deputy sheriffs who worked at the county's Main Jail. The
deputies and their union sued the county, the Sheriff's Department and
department officials after discovering a video camera hidden in a vent in the
release office, a small room used for processing release of inmates.

The camera, which was placed in the office as part of an investigation into the
theft of inmates' money, was removed at the direction of the Sacramento County
Sheriffs Association president a day after it was placed in the office.

Justice Richard M. Sims III said privacy expectations are diminished for people
who elect to work in a jail, because such a setting carries with it
institutional security interests which courts must balance against privacy
concerns. He said those diminished expectations hold true even in areas that are
off-limits to inmates since "[f]ederal cases recognize that the threat to
institutional security may come from employees as well as inmates."

The case arose from a series of 11 "incidents" between February and April 1993,
in which inmate money totaling $ 1,124 was found to be missing from the Main
Jail's booking loop section. The section includes the cashier's office, where
cash from a newly admitted inmate is deposited.

The Sheriff's Department officials responsible for the Main Jail began an
investigation. A concealed video surveillance camera was placed in the ceiling
overlooking the cash register and the safe in the cashier's office but was later
moved to the adjacent release office.

No search warrant was obtained for the camera, which recorded only video, and
not audio, data. Supervisors and some jail staff were aware of the camera.

But three deputies who were not told of the camera sued for wrongful search and
seizure in violation of the Fourth Amendment, invasion of privacy, physical
intrusion into their seclusion, and unfair labor practice.

Sacramento Superior Court Judge Joe S. Gray granted the defendants' motion for
summary judgment after finding the plaintiffs had no reasonable expectation of
privacy in the release office.

Sims acknowledged that the deputies apparently believed the office was private.
One of the plaintiffs asserted that while in the office he undid his pants to
tuck in his shirt; another "dropped his pants" to adjust bandages on a knee
injury. Deputy Dennis Prizmich said he had been informed that he was in charge
of the office, that he could close the door and that he could keep people out.

All three plaintiffs asserted they used the office for private conversations.

But Sims cited a series of federal cases that hold privacy expectations are
diminished in jails, even when the people claiming their rights have been
infringed are employees rather than inmates.

He noted that even though Prizmich could close the door of the release office,
he was not "exclusively assigned" as release officer and there was no lock on
the door. Other jail employees, and sometimes even inmates on cleaning detail,
while supervised, had access to the room.

"We recognize that deputy sheriffs may have a reasonable expectation of privacy
against being video=taped in certain portions of the jail, such as the deputies'
bathroom or locker room (areas set aside for private activity) or perhaps under
some circumstances an office assigned to the exclusive use of one person," Sims
said. "However, the Release Office is not such a place."

The office serves as an "integral component" of the system for recording and
releasing inmates' property," he said. "The nature of the room is such that it
is not private," he said.

The case is Sacramento County Deputy Sheriff's Association v. Sacramento County,
C019777.


LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Metropolitan News Company


                              991 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                     The Columbian (Vancouver, Washington)

                           September 26, 2010 Sunday

Bethany Storro Case PITY or PUNISHMENT?

BYLINE: Laura McVicker Columbian staff writer

SECTION: CLARK COUNTY; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1443 words



HIGHLIGHT: --- Bethany Storro. --- ZACHARY KAUFMAN/Columbian files Bethany
Storro is wheeled away from a news conference Sept. 2 at Legacy Emanuel Medical
Center in Portland. ---



Police spent thousand of dollars in resources, chasing more than 100 tips, to
find a suspect in a random acid attack.
But after more than two weeks of investigation, officers determined this:
Bethany Storro's biggest danger was herself.
The Vancouver woman's case has now raised the attention of psychologists, who
call her behavior a clear call for help, and has sparked the question: Does she
deserve pity - or punishment?


Clark County prosecutors have filed three counts of second-degree theft by
deception against the 28-year-old relating to the money she received from three
charitable donors after claiming a black woman threw acid in her face Aug. 30.
Deputy Prosecutor Tony Golik said Storro's state of mind will be considered
when deciding how to move forward and that her defense attorney Andrew Wheeler
will likely request an evaluation for mental competency and sanity. Her first
court appearance is set for 8:45 a.m. Wednesday.
In the coming weeks, Golik said prosecutors will be weighing the effects of the
alleged crime - thousands of dollars given to Storro by a sympathetic
community. They also will consider her state of mind - when confronted, she
told investigators she dabbed her face with caustic drain cleaner because she
wanted to die or get a new face.
The deputy prosecutor filed an aggravating factor that the offense was
allegedly committed against Samaritans, which could bring her potential
punishment outside the normal sentencing range of three to five months in jail.
In many cases that means a defendant faces a harsher punishment. But in
Storro's case, Golik said, that also could mean a more lenient sentence of
community custody with mental health treatment.
"That's one of the main reasons I put the aggravators on (the charges)," Golik
said. This is a unique case and "it gives a judge the discretion to sentence in
different ways."
It's way too soon, however, he stressed, to discuss a resolution because he
hasn't yet reviewed all the police reports, seen possible diagnoses or heard
the defense's point of view. That will come in the following weeks or months.
"The only way I give a sentencing recommendation is after I know all the facts
of the case," he said.
Legally insane?
While no diagnosis has been publicly made, psychologists say Storro's actions
clearly show she suffers from some type of mental health problem. But it's
tough to tell how that could affect her fate because the court's rules for
determining legal sanity and diminished capacity are stringent and tough to
prove.
"The layman would say, 'That person is insane,'" Golik said. "But that doesn't
mean a person is legally insane."
That determination is made by either a judge or a jury, answering these two
questions: Did the defendant know right from wrong? Or could she appreciate the
nature and quality of her actions?
A Seattle forensic psychologist doesn't think a case can be made for legal
insanity for Storro, nor an argument of diminished capacity, the inability to
form intent. While he hasn't interviewed Storro, Kenneth Muscatel has evaluated
thousands of other criminal defendants presenting mental health defenses.
Based on the facts of the case, he said, Storro's actions are "not insanity or
diminished capacity. Not even close."
That's because psychologists will be looking at Storro's state of mind in the
weeks after the acid incident when the alleged crimes were committed, not the
incident itself. And it's extremely tough to prove ongoing insanity or
diminished capacity, he said.
"Unless she actually believed this had happened to her (the acid attack), she
intentionally engaged in this behavior" of accepting money, Muscatel said.
That's not to say Storro is of sound mind, however. "This is obviously a very
disturbed individual," Muscatel said. "Something is very wrong with this woman
to prompt her to engage in behavior that's self-destructive ... But you could
be psychotic and still be able to form intent or appreciate your actions."
Very few are acquitted by those defenses, he added.
"Ninety-nine percent of the time, you don't find a mental defense," he said.
"By definition this stuff just doesn't happen very much."
Mental illness common in jails
While mental defenses are rarely proven, mental illness among criminal
defendants is widespread.
"The vast majority of people in the criminal justice system have mental health
problems," Golik said.
A 2010 study by the National Sheriff's Association revealed there are more than
three times more mentally ill people in jails and prisons than hospitals.
Locally, the county jail's two counselors, psychiatric nurse practitioner and
psychiatrist are "constantly" treating jail inmates, said Clark County Jail
Commander Ric Bishop. He didn't have an estimate of the percentage of the jail
population receiving treatment, however.
"They are in constant use," he said. "Everyone has a problem of some type,"
whether it's drug or alcohol abuse or mental health issues.
The problem has led staff to coin the jail "the inn of the last resort," Bishop
said, where defendants - who apparently haven't received proper treatment for
their problems - "snap," engaging in crime.
Storro's case is still an anomaly, Muscatel said, considering her alleged crime
started with an apparent suicide attempt.
Muscatel said of her theft charges: "It's mild compared to what she did to
herself."
Laura McVicker: 360-735-4516 or
laura.mcvicker@columbian.com

ONLINE POLL: Columbian readers say Storro should get help, not jail. Take the
reader poll at
http://www.columbian.com

Timeline of sensational case: From horrifying 'attack' to criminal charges
¤
¤
¤Aug. 30:
¤
A passer-by finds Bethany Storro screaming in pain at about 7:20 p.m. on
Columbia Street, between Eighth and Ninth streets, around the corner from
Esther Short Park. Her face is burned with a caustic substance. Paramedics rush
Storro to the hospital. Police launch a search for the assailant.
¤
¤Aug. 31:
¤
Storro's mother, Nancy Neuwelt, talks with reporters near the Starbucks where
the alleged attack took place. She said her daughter had been standing outside
the passenger side of her car, planning to get some coffee, when a stranger
approached her and said, "Hey, pretty girl. How are you? Would you like a drink
of this?" Then the woman splashed a cup of acid into her face.
¤
¤Sept. 1:
¤
Dr. Nick Eshraghi says at a press conference at the Oregon Burn Center at
Legacy Emanuel Medical Center that a pair of sunglasses Storro was wearing
during the alleged attack likely saved her vision. He performed a dermabrasion
procedure he hoped would remove layers of damaged skin from Storro's burnt
face.
¤
¤Sept. 2:
¤
"For some reason, I had this feeling I needed to buy sunglasses," Storro, her
face covered in bandages, tells media assembled for the second day in a row at
Legacy Emanuel. "If I saw her, I would instantly know," Storro says of her
assailant. "I want people to know what this person did to me." A composite of
Storro's purported attacker is released.
¤
¤Sept. 5:
¤
Storro is released from the hospital.
¤
¤Sept. 10:
¤
The Columbian publishes a story that began, "With no suspect arrested 10 days
after Bethany Storro was found injured by acid burns to her face, speculation
by some is raising this question: Is it possible Storro injured herself?" A
police spokeswoman says there is no evidence the injuries were self-inflicted.
Storro announces on Facebook she had canceled a scheduled appearance on "The
Oprah Winfrey Show." A self-defense seminar is held at Anytime Fitness, where
Storro was a member, to raise money for her medical expenses.
¤
¤Sept. 16:
¤
Storro's story unravels. Vancouver police serve a search warrant at the home
shared by Storro and her parents, question her and later hold a press
conference to announce she had confessed to harming herself.
¤
¤Sept. 20:
¤
Exactly three weeks after the 28-year-old hurt herself and zoomed to national
prominence, Deputy Prosecutor Tony Golik announces his decision to charge
Storro with three counts of second-degree theft by deception. He adds an
aggravating factor because the alleged crimes were committed against "good
Samaritans." Court papers say Storro told investigators she wanted to die or
get a new face, so she applied drain cleaner to her cheeks, nose and forehead
in a public restroom, then drove downtown. Investigators found holes in
Storro's account at the outset of their investigation, according to the
affidavit. Among the loose ends: Fred Meyer's computerized inventory shows she
never purchased the vision-saving sunglasses.
¤
week:
¤
Golik says Storro will be brought to court for a first appearance at 8:45 a.m.
Wednesday. She retained Vancouver attorney Andrew Wheeler on Friday.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 The Columbian Publishing Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              992 of 997 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 24, 2017 Friday

Surroundings and Evolution Shape Human Sight, Smell and Taste

LENGTH: 861  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



 Understanding how the five senses evolved can help inform how human sight,
smell and taste continue to shift based on the environment, according to three
researchers at the 2017 AAAS Annual Meeting in Boston.





 We are currently experiencing "a state of mismatch" between the ways our senses
evolved and our current surroundings, according to Kara C. Hoover, associate
professor of anthropology at the University of Alaska, Fairbanks.



 Our ancestors' visual acuity evolved outside in the natural world, said Amanda
Melin, assistant professor of anthropology and archeology and medical genetics
at the University of Calgary. Yet, humans now spend significant amounts of time
inside and this is adjusting our vision, she said.



 "There's mounting evidence that our anthropogenic light environments are having
a real cost on our acuity," said Melin, with rates of myopia - or
nearsightedness - skyrocketing in recent years. While myopia does have a genetic
component, evidence suggests that dark rooms, artificial lighting and "near-work
tasks," like staring at a computer screen or into a microscope, contribute as
well.



 Humans can correct nearsightedness with glasses, contact lenses or surgery, but
myopia can put individuals at risk for other diseases such as glaucoma and
retinal detachment, she said. Studies have shown that 40 minutes outside each
day decreases chances of getting myopia between 25% and 50%, Melin said.



 Yet the environmental changes wrought by human activity impact non-human
primates as well, she said. Primates in general, even those that are nocturnal,
are highly visually dependent. Sight drives nearly every aspect of their lives,
including catching prey and communicating with other animals. In areas without
light pollution, skies are actually getting darker due to pollutants and
greenhouse gases in the atmosphere scattering light. Scientists do not know how
non-human primates will cope with global darkening, Melin said.



 Additionally, natural light even with its beneficial ability to lessen chances
of acquiring myopia can be tainted with pollutants and less-than-fresh air can
play with our sense of smell, Hoover said. The ability of humans to smell has
adapted over time to aid survival and reproduction, helping humans identify
nutritious foods, select partners and avoid spoiled food and other dangers, she
said.



 Much research has been done on our "smell-being," particularly on how our
environment continues to transform - and disrupt - our sense of smell, Hoover
said. People in polluted environments have been found to have a diminished sense
of smell, which will only become more common as the global population continues
to urbanize, she said.



 Studies have shown the ability to detect smells can modify mental, social and
physical health, but some people - those who live near factories or mining
communities, for instance - are at greater risk of a diminished sense of smell
and all of the attendant problems that can spark, she said. We are living in an
age of "sensory inequities," Hoover said.



 "We're not going to leave buildings, we're not going to leave our computers,
we're not going to abandon that, so we need to actually create environments that
engage us with the outdoors and also that, when we go outside, we're not in a
polluted space," Hoover said.



 Paul Breslin, professor of nutritional sciences at Rutgers University, has
looked at our sense of taste to understand why we are drawn to certain flavors -
and how taste preferences can harm or help our health.



 Not every species loves sugar, but humans do - and so do apes, who are
omnivores who love fruit and obtain about 80% of their calories from fruit,
Breslin said. We're also drawn to sour, acidic tastes, the other flavor present
in fruit, he noted. Unlike other animals, humans and other primates have lost
the gene that codes an enzyme to allow us to produce our own Vitamin C, likely
because we were eating enough Vitamin C-rich fruit, he said.



 To get these crucial nutrients and calories, other apes will go into a tree and
gorge themselves on fruit until it's gone. Humans do this, too, though
metaphorically, Breslin said.



 "We climb up into this tree that our society has created, and we gorge on the
fruit, but the tree never runs out of fruit and we never come out of the tree,"
Breslin said. "We have to keep in mind that we need to force ourselves down ...
periodically."



 Another type of food we are primed to prefer could help mitigate a persistent
health problem and save lives, Breslin said. Humans are attracted to fermented
food and drinks, including wine, beer, bread, fermented meats like pepperoni and
fermented dairy like cheese and yogurt, he said. Properly fermented foods can
promote a healthy gastrointestinal microbiome by delivering probiotics and
prevent diarrheal diseases, the most common disease on the planet among humans
and the second-largest killer of children, he said.



 "I believe that if we eat more fermented foods we'll be able to have a positive
impact on helping prevent and treat this," said Breslin.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              993 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 9, 2016 Saturday
                                 CITY-D Edition

SEPTA foresees more train delays at least through August

BYLINE: By Jason Laughlin; Staff Writer

SECTION: front_page; P-com Biz Transportation; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 720 words


It's increasingly likely SEPTA is facing the worst-case scenario for its
diminished rail fleet.

As a result, riders will see depleted service at least through Labor Day,
officials said at Friday afternoon's news conference.

While SEPTA hopes to ease the crunch with some borrowed railcars, "it's not
looking good for a repair and a quick return to service" for the stricken
vehicles, said Jeff Knueppel, SEPTA's general manager.

SEPTA pulled 120 Regional Rail cars from service, a third of its fleet, after
discovering cracks in key load-bearing beams last week. To buttress its supply
of railcars, the authority is finalizing contracts to lease three locomotives
and 18 passenger cars from Amtrak, NJ Transit, and Maryland Area Regional
Commuter Train Service. Those cars should be on the rails by Monday, allowing
SEPTA to offer a revised schedule. Priorities will include: relieving pressure
on travel between Glenside and Center City, where overcrowded trains have been
leaving customers on the platform; adding more seats to the Trenton Line; and
offering more trains on the Paoli/Thorndale Line.

"It should have a big impact," Knueppel said.

SEPTA had hoped a temporary weld on the equalizer beams of their affected
Silverliner Vs might get them back into service more quickly. There are four
equalizer beams per car, and cracks have been found on 264 of the beams.

But the cracks formed at a welded point where plates were attached, and Knueppel
said rewelding the area would likely lead to the same kinds of cracks.

That's no surprise, said Joe Martin, a Drexel professor of civil engineering.

"The plates are kind of inaccessible," he said. "How would you do a quality job
replacing it?"

That means SEPTA has to wait for new equalizer beams, Knueppel said. Because it
isn't certain why the fatigue cracks formed, SEPTA is also unwilling to use the
five Silverliner V cars that don't show signs of the cracks.

"That's prudent," said Matt Mitchell, vice president of the Delaware Valley
Association of Rail Passengers. "It's going to be tough but it's prudent."

Hyundai Rotem, which handled the contract to build the vehicles, is conducting
computer analysis and metallurgical tests on the beams to zero in on why the
cracks formed. The company has also sourced steel that can be forged or cast
into new beams, Knueppel said.

Hyundai Rotem, which has a plant in Philadelphia where the railcars were
assembled, assigned personnel to work on the problem here, said Andy Hyer, a
company spokesman, and is getting assistance from staff in South Korea.

"I can say it has been a well-coordinated effort of all hands on deck," he said.

SEPTA identified HICorp as the subcontractor that performed the welding. A
company of that name near Pittsburgh did not reply to a phone call. Ace
Precision, in Akron, Ohio, made the equalizer beams, and declined to comment.

SEPTA continues to encourage riders to change their travel times or use other
modes to get around. The message seems to be getting through. The crush at the
morning commute has been relieved by some riders choosing to board earlier
trains. And the Market Frankford and Broad Street lines saw a 2.5 percent
increase in ridership since the Silverliner Vs were pulled.

SEPTA's already diminished service has been further hindered by the extreme heat
this week, which prompted a 50-mph speed restriction.

The sudden crisis that began last week is going to have long-term repercussions
for SEPTA. The cost of repairs, including labor and materials, should be covered
by Hyundai Rotem's warranty, but it is unclear if some of the ancillary
expenses, like lost revenue, refunds and overtime, will be covered. Knueppel
declined to estimate what the disruption could cost the authority, but said it
would be in the millions. Just leasing the additional railcars is costing as
much as $8,000 a day for a five-car set. The full cost hasn't been tabulated,
Knueppel said.

Along with sidelining its newest cars - some have only been in service three
years - SEPTA decided to postpone a procurement to buy 45 new bi-level cars it
expected to finalize this fall. Hyundai Rotem is one of the bidders for that
estimated $190 million contract. For a system that is running near capacity,
those vehicles are much needed.

jlaughlin@phillynews.com

215-854-4587

@jasmlaughlin

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Michael Bryant / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              994 of 997 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Big Banks Insist Their Civic Spirit Is Alive and Well

                           August 31, 1995, Thursday

By BARBARA F. BRONSTIEN


Linnet Deily of First Interstate Bank of Texas takes issue with recent claims by
community banks that rapid consolidation by out-of-state institutions has
diminished big banks' financial and civic participation.

Recently, community bankers and observers in several metropolitan areas have
said out-of-state acquisitions were creating opportunities for more civic
participation for remaining local bankers, as decision-makers and chief
executives switched to headquarters sometimes several states away.

Further, community bankers charged that banks based elsewhere were contributing
less to local causes and that some new local managers were not yet as entrenched
in the civic scene as their predecessors.

Houston community banker Walter Johnson said the ability to raise funds from
banks has diminished after several acquisitions in town.

"The out-of-state banks just don't participate," said Mr. Johnson, president of
$700 million-asset Southwest Bank of Texas, who also raises funds for area
charities - and who used to head $5 billion-asset Allied Bank before First
Interstate bought it.

But Ms. Deily, chairman, president, and chief executive of First Interstate's
$6.4 billion-asset Texas operations, begs to differ.

Ms. Deily, a native Texan, said Houston's big banks are doing a good job of
contributing both time and money to local charities and civic organizations.

For instance, First Interstate donated $638,117 in corporate and employee gifts
to the United Way in 1994, up from $151,710 in 1987, the last year Allied Bank
owned the institution, she said.

"I think that's a fairly remarkable increase over that period of time," she
said. "We are a significantly larger giver."

Decisions regarding community involvement are made from Houston, not from
corporate headquarters in Los Angeles, she said, and the company has budgeted
more than $1 million in overall giving for 1995, she said.

First Interstate also encourages management and employee participation in
community service and matches many employee contributions to nonprofit groups,
said Ms. Deily, who herself is involved with several organizations.

"We believe our other large competitors are doing similar things," Ms. Deily
said. "I don't think our story is unique."

Peter C. Marzio, the director of Houston's Museum of Fine Arts, who also sits on
First Interstate's Texas board, said he agreed.

"I think the big banks that are expanding are playing the lead role in
philanthropies," he said. "All the major banks - whether Texas Commerce Bank
(owned by Chemical Banking Corp.) or First Interstate or NationsBank or Bank One
- are heavily involved in the Museum of Fine Arts and are the leading
contributors."

SECTION: COMMUNITY BANKING; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 451 words

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Linnet Deily

                      Copyright 1995 American Banker, Inc.


                              995 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                           January 8, 1997 Wednesday
                                  Late Edition

No-one sheds a tear for diminished Gingrich;
* UNITED STATES

BYLINE: JENNIFER HEWETT Herald Correspondent in Washington

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 568 words


After the 1994 congressional election, the ebullient new Republican Speaker of
the House, Newt Gingrich, was transformed into a dominant political power in the
US.

Today he is a much diminished figure who has been struggling to hold onto his
job in a vote of his colleagues that was due early this morning, Australian
time.

Although Mr Gingrich is expected to survive the vote, he is already badly
wounded and will be much less able to lead any attacks on the Clinton
Administration.

His downfall is due to ethics violations on tax matters, including misleading a
key House ethics committee.

The controversy has dominated Washington, to the frustration of Republicans who
had been keen to focus on the ethical problems surrounding the President ranging
from campaign financing to a sexual harassment case due to start in the Supreme
court next week.

Despite weeks of heavy pressure by Republican leaders to shore up Mr Gingrich's
position, many Republican Representatives were clearly unhappy at the prospect
of voting for him.

It did not help Republican qualms that two-thirds of Americans believe Mr
Gingrich should step aside, according to the latest poll by CNN.

Mr Gingrich remained confident he still had the numbers to be overwhelmingly
re-elected as Speaker, and held a lengthy meeting to persuade waverers returning
to Washington for the start of the 105th Congress.

But a senior Republican hurt the Gingrich campaign in an unexpected last-minute
appeal for him to step aside for the good of the country.

Mr Jim Leach, chairman of the House banking committee, said Mr Gingrich was too
tainted by ethics breaches to hold so prestigious and powerful a post as
Speaker.

Mr Leach's position was particularly damaging because he headed a committee
investigating President Bill Clinton over the Whitewater scandal.

Mr Gingrich and his defenders insist his offence was minor and unintentional.
But over the past decade, he has been particularly active in calling for high
ethical standards in government and public life.

The House ethics committee is investigating whether Mr Gingrich violated tax law
by using charitable and taxexempt contributions to finance a political course he
taught.

After insisting for months he had done nothing wrong, Mr Gingrich finally
admitted just before Christmas that he had made "inaccurate, incomplete and
unreliable" statements to the committee, but claimed he had not intended to
mislead.

This avoided the need for him to attend a public hearing of the committee, and
many Republicans had hoped a quiet deal could be quickly fixed.

But the committee is now not expected to finalise its findings and
recommendations for punishment for another two weeks.

Mr Gingrich insisted to his colleagues yesterday that nothing more damaging
would come out and that a minor reprimand is the most likely outcome.

But the political damage is clearly much more severe.

Even before his latest problems, Mr Gingrich had become the most unpopular
national political figure in the US because of the Republicans' radical
conservative agenda and his abrasive personality.

The White House is scarcely able to believe its luck at this diversion from Mr
Clinton's own problems and has adroitly avoided any public comment on the issue.

The Democrats, who were disheartened at their inability to win back control of
the House in the elections, are feeling much happier now Mr Gingrich is so
vulnerable - Speaker or not.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illus: Facing a crucial vote today ... Mr Gingrich.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1997 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              996 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           January 10, 2013 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Questions of Strategy As Griffin Has Surgery

BYLINE: By JUDY BATTISTA

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Sports Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 618 words


Washington Redskins quarterback Robert Griffin III had two knee ligaments
surgically repaired Wednesday -- including a reconstruction of the anterior
cruciate ligament and a repair of a tear in the lateral collateral ligament --
the result of a knee injury he sustained during Sunday's playoff loss to the
Seattle Seahawks.

The injury puts the availability of Griffin, a leading candidate for rookie of
the year honors, in doubt for next season and calls into question whether his
dynamic style of play can, or should, be continued when he returns.

It was the second time Griffin's A.C.L. had to be reconstructed; the first was
when he was at Baylor in 2009. It is unclear how long his recovery will take,
but the tear in the L.C.L. is considered by doctors to be a serious complication
that could extend the time frame for his return well past the start of the 2013
season.

Dr. James Andrews, the highly regarded orthopedic surgeon who operated on
Griffin -- and is also a Redskins team doctor -- said in a statement released
through the team, ''We expect a full recovery, and it is everybody's hope and
belief that due to Robert's high motivation, he will be ready for the 2013
season.''

He added, ''The goal of his treatment is to give him the best opportunity for a
long professional career.''

Still, that does not make clear if Griffin will be ready for the start of the
season in September, a timetable that might be overly optimistic. Minnesota
Vikings running back Adrian Peterson tore his A.C.L. last December, was ready
for the start of the 2012 season and nearly broke the single-season rushing
record -- a recovery that Redskins Coach Mike Shanahan cited Monday when he
cryptically discussed Griffin's injury. But Peterson's speedy recovery was
considered unprecedented, and he had never previously injured his A.C.L. He was
not also rehabilitating his L.C.L.

Beyond the statement from Andrews, the Redskins have been silent since Monday
about their handling of Griffin's injury. Washington has been scrutinized for
leaving Griffin on the field even though his health was clearly compromised.

Griffin sustained what the team said was a milder injury to the L.C.L. on Dec. 9
against Baltimore -- he initially went back into that game for a few plays after
being injured -- and he missed one game. When he returned, he wore a bulky
brace, and his speed -- he was a college track star -- and mobility were
obviously diminished. Andrews recently caused controversy when he told USA Today
that he had not cleared Griffin to return to the Ravens game, something Shanahan
said Andrews had done.

It is hard to know exactly when Griffin was hurt Sunday. He appeared to
aggravate his knee injury early in the game, and he was limping noticeably. His
knee finally buckled without contact when he turned to go after a bad snap in
the fourth quarter.

Of more pressing concern to the team and Griffin now is whether he will ever be
the same player. Football players frequently return from knee operations, but
many of them lose at least some of their speed. Griffin is so fast that, even
with diminished speed, he might still be able to run the read-option offense
effectively.

But while Griffin rehabilitates the injury, the Redskins will also face a
critical decision. They traded three first-round draft picks to take Griffin
with the No. 2 pick in last year's draft and make him the franchise quarterback.
Now they must determine if they want to continue to play a style of offense
that, while taking advantage of Griffin's running ability, also exposes him to a
greater risk of injury. As a rookie, Griffin sustained a concussion, the
original L.C.L. sprain and then the ligament tears that led to Wednesday's
surgery.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/01/10/sports/football/redskins-robert-griffin-iii-ha
s-knee-surgery-amid-questions-on-future.html

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Washington quarterback Robert Griffin III's right knee buckled
late in Sunday's loss to Seattle. (PHOTOGRAPH BY RICHARD LIPSKI/ASSOCIATED
PRESS) (B13)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              997 of 997 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                             October 9, 2015 Friday

Republican candidate suggests that gun rights might have prevented the Holocaust

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 769 words


Ben Carson said Thursday that Adolf Hitler's mass murder of Jews "would have
been greatly diminished" if German citizens had not been disarmed by the Nazi
regime.

The comment, which came during an interview with CNN's Wolf Blitzer, was similar
to arguments Carson made following last week's mass shooting at Umpqua Community
College in Roseburg, Ore., in which he defended the Second Amendment and
suggested that the victims should have fought the gunman.

Carson, a retired neurosurgeon and popular contender for the Republican
nomination, has generated headlines repeatedly for speaking his mind. His string
of comments on hot-button issues includes questioning whether homosexuality is a
choice, saying he would not support a Muslim for U.S. president and declaring
last week that he would "not just stand there and let him shoot me" - a
reference to the Oregon shootings. Carson has criticized the news media for
taking his comments out of context, but he has not backed down from the basic
positions.

And there seems little impetus for him to do so. Carson's views on abortion,
homosexuality, guns and Muslims are in line with those of the GOP's conservative
wing. Carson, who has no government experience, is running second to Donald
Trump and is viewed more favourably than the bombastic businessman.

Carson's comments about gun control in Nazi Germany are explored in his
just-released book, "A More Perfect Union: What We the People Can do to Reclaim
Our Constitutional Liberties," in which he expands on his political views.

He said Nazi Germany was one of the regimes that he used as a cautionary tale
against curbing citizens' gun rights.

"But just clarify, if there had been no gun control laws in Europe at that time,
would six million Jews have been slaughtered?" Blitzer asked.

"I think the likelihood of Hitler being able to accomplish his goals would have
been greatly diminished if the people had been armed," Carson said.

Blitzer pushed a bit more: "Because they had a powerful military machine, as you
know, the Nazis."

"I understand that," Carson said. "I'm telling you that there is a reason that
these dictatorial people take the guns first."

In interviews this week, he has rejected criticism that he was blaming the
victims of Oregon shooter Christopher Harper-Mercer, 26, who killed nine people
and wounded nine others before taking his own life. Instead, Carson argued that
he's trying to inform potential victims of future incidents.

"I'm not complaining about any of the victims," he said on CNN. "I'm trying to
plant the seed because this may not be the last time this occurs. And if it
occurs again and there's a bunch of people, they might start thinking, you know
what, we're not going to just take this. And that's one of the things that was
learned from Flight 93 on 9-11."

Although some, including at least one relative of a shooting victim, have called
his remarks insensitive, even some residents of the small town where the
shooting occurred have been quoted expressing similar sentiments. Some have
criticized President Obama for politicizing the shootings after he harshly
criticized Congress for not taking up gun control.

Carson's campaign spokesperson did not respond to requests for comment.
Armstrong Williams, a close adviser to Carson, said the media storms that have
swirled around the candidate's comments have been "a blessing," because it has
kept his name in the news and "help us get our story out." He thinks it has
helped Carson's standing in the polls.

"For Dr. Carson this is a new language, a new culture," Williams said, arguing
that the average voter does not scrutinize candidates for verbal missteps. "They
care about intent. I think people understand what Dr. Carson is trying to say."

In the most recent Washington Post-ABC News poll, 45 per cent of respondents
held a favourable view of Carson while 27 per cent had an unfavourable view. In
contrast, Trump registered a 35 per cent favourable rating and a 60 per cent
unfavourable rating. Carly Fiorina, the former CEO of Hewlett-Packard, had a 35
per cent favourable rating and a 30 per cent unfavourable rating.

Despite his tough talk about confronting a mass shooter, Carson described in a
radio interview Wednesday a very different reaction to a gunman who confronted
him during a holdup at a Popeye's fast-food restaurant in Baltimore.

"Guy comes in, put the gun to my ribs and I just said, 'I believe that you want
the guy behind the counter ... He said, 'Oh, ok,' " Carson told Karen Hunter, a
host of Sirius XM's Urban View.

"You just redirected him?" Hunter asked.

"I redirected him," Carson said, chuckling.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved
