
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           December 15, 2005 Thursday

BART to increase price of some discounted tickets

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

LENGTH: 257 words


The price of discounted BART tickets for children, senior citizens, and people
with disabilities will increase beginning Jan. 1, 2006, Bay Area Rapid Transit
officials announced Wednesday.

The cost of `Red` and `Green` discounted BART tickets, which are valid for $24
worth of BART trips, will go up from $6 to $9, reducing the size of the discount
on these tickets from 75 percent to 62.5 percent of regular BART fares.

Children between the ages of 5 and 12 and people with certain disabilities are
eligible for discounted Red BART tickets and people who are 65 years old or
older are eligible for Green BART tickets.

BART is increasing the cost of these tickets in order to `maintain its high
quality service,` according to the transit agency.

The price increase is expected to generate $2.1 million in revenue.

Even with the price increases, BART's reduced-price tickets are discounted by a
greater percentage from regularly priced tickets than discounted transit tickets
in cities such as Los Angeles, Chicago, Washington, D.C., and Atlanta, according
to BART officials.

The federal government requires transit agencies to offer a 50 percent discount
to senior citizens and the disabled during off-peak travel hours, BART reported.
BART Red and Green tickets are valid for travel during any hours of BART
operation.

Red and Green BART tickets purchased before Jan. 1, 2006 will remain valid after
the price increase takes effect.

Get the latest on this and other traffic situations with our real-time road
reports at http://traffic.mercurynews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                  June 2, 2009

Indiana Supreme Court rules discounted price for medical services is admissible

BYLINE: Correy Stephenson

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 308  words


The discounted price actually paid for medical services is admissible as
evidence of the reasonable value of those services, the Indiana Supreme Court
has ruled.

The plaintiff in a personal injury suit introduced medical bills at trial
totaling $11,570. The defendant sought to introduce the amount of the discounted
medical bills, which was $4,750 - the actual price paid by the plaintiff's
insurance company to the medical service providers - but the trial court
refused. It held that the introduction of the discounted bills would violate the
state's rule against collateral source evidence.

But the Indiana Supreme Court said the discounted amount was admissible.

"The reasonable value of medical services is the measure used to determine
damages to an injured party in a personal injury matter. ... [T]he jury may well
need the amount of the payments, amounts billed by medical service providers,
and other relevant and admissible evidence to be able to determine the amount of
reasonable medical expenses. ... We recognize that the discount of a particular
provider generally arises out of a contractual relationship with health insurers
or government agencies and reflects a number of factors - not just the
reasonable value of the medical services. However, we believe that this evidence
is of value in the fact-finding process leading to the determination of the
reasonable value of medical services," the court said.

It noted a split of authority on the issue, with courts in Delaware and Illinois
allowing plaintiffs to present evidence of the billed amount, while courts in
Florida and Idaho found that the discounted bills were a collateral source but
set off the amount against an award of compensatory damages.

The court adopted a third approach, also used in Ohio.

Indiana Supreme Court. Stanley v. Walker, No. 41S01-0810-CV-539. May 27, 2009.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 30, 2007 Tuesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 FINAL EDITION

Discounted tickets led to BYU's 22,700 crowd

BYLINE: Irv Moss

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-03

LENGTH: 636 words


With prospects increasing each week of three Mountain West teams making the NCAA
Tournament field, conference commissioner Craig Thompson wasn't interested
Monday in thinking about bargain-basement basketball.

There still was a buzz going around the conference Monday about the crowd of
22,700 on Saturday for the Air Force-BYU game at the Marriott Center in Provo.
Thompson also noted that the New Mexico-UNLV game at the Thomas & Mack Center in
Las Vegas drew 17,000, giving the conference a big attendance weekend.

But there was an asterisk. BYU had sold out the Marriott Center with discounted
ticket prices. Should it be necessary for a conference with a highly competitive
and interesting race to have discounted ticket prices to get fans to watch?

"Well, I don't know - that's one of those hypothetical questions we can't
answer," Thompson said. "If there hadn't been the discounted tickets, what might
there have been - 15,000, 16,000, 12,000? I don't know. I know they were
averaging just under 10,000. Again, I think a Saturday afternoon for a big title
competition like that, there probably would have been a whale of a crowd with or
without discounted tickets."

Chris Peludat, assistant athletic director for ticket operations at the Air
Force Academy, said most basketball programs across the country have special
ticket promotions for some games during the season.

BYU didn't give tickets away, but the discounted prices seemed a factor in more
than doubling the season's average crowd of just more than 9,000.

The discount formula used by BYU had $18 tickets reduced to $10, $12 tickets
down to $5, $10 tickets at $5 and $5 tickets down to $1.

Peludat and the Air Force marketing department work their crowd differently.
They face a capacity of 5,858 in Clune Arena so they don't discount the entire
building. With some extra seating on the floor, crowds have been pushed to more
than 6,000.

"We've had $2 Tuesdays, and for the Colorado State game on Feb. 27 we'll have a
Valentine's Day special of buy a ticket and get one free," Peludat said. "We do
ours more on selective games and selective areas in our arena and we announce
them before the season begins."

The $2 tickets on designated Tuesday night games are specifically in Clune
Arena's $7 seating sections, according to Peludat. Air Force's normal ticket
prices range from $15 to $7.

A group of 1,000 cadets called "The cadets of Section 8" bolster the attendance
at Clune Arena. An activities ticket covers their price of admission. Academy
officials are exploring the possibility of sending a sizable contingent of
cadets if Air Force gets into the NCAA Tournament.

Balancing out

Through most of the first part of conference play, the consensus of coaches had
Air Force as the team playing the best. The consensus at the halfway point ranks
Air Force as the best team, but UNLV as the most talented team.

After losing 61-52 at BYU, the Falcons dropped from 16th to 17th in the AP
rankings and from 13th to 16th in the coaches rankings.

Air Force's RPI rating was 13, down five places from last week.

The Falcons shot a season-low 37.8 percent from the floor against the Cougars.

The Falcons, at 19-3 overall and 6-2 in the conference, are off in the early
games this week. Coach Jeff Bzdelik isn't that interested in watching the
outcome of early-week games in terms of Air Force's lead dropping to a
half-game.

"We have to be active participants in our own rescue," Bzdel-

ik said. "We can't depend on anyone else doing our job for us."

Random thoughts

New Mexico coach Ritchie McKay isn't planning to put J.R. Giddens (ankle) in the
lineup again until he's 100 percent healthy. ...

San Diego State coach Steve Fisher says one play could have changed the outcome
in three of his team's four losses.

Irv Moss can be reached at 303-954-1296 or imoss@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: January 31, 2007



CORRECTION: Because of a reporter's error, a story on Page 2D on Tuesday had the
wrong date for the Air Force ticket promotion. The buy-one-get-one-free offer is
for the Feb. 14 game against Utah.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2007 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2015 Friday

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students
CenturyLink (formerly the Qwest Center)
Omaha, NE

Friday, January 30, 2015 -
Saturday, January 31, 2015

You are invited to take advantage of a special discounted ticket offer to see
the (#8) UNO Mavericks hockey team battle conference foe (#2) North Dakota.

Tickets are discounted to $15 in the lower bowl, and just $10 in the upper bowl.

The Mavs play Friday, Jan. 30 @ 7:37pm and Saturday, Jan. 31 @ 7:07pm.

To purchase your discounted seats click on the link: http://tinyurl.com/momke7p

Promo Code: BEATND (case sensitive)
- If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account, select your seat and then print
tickets from you own computer.

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993 or email jsutherland@unomaha.edu


Contact Info
Kacie Gerard
kgerard@unmc.edu
(402) 559-4319

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                 August 5, 1996

Banks/Thrifts

SECTION: PEOPLE; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 282 words


CALIFORNIA

Glendale - Kenneth Preston was hired as vice president of corporate
communications at Glendale Federal Bank.

Mr. Preston was previously the manager of public and financial communications at
First Interstate Bank, and coordinator of communications for its 16 banks. Prior
to that, he was senior public relations director for Bank of America in San
Francisco.

ILLINOIS

Chicago - Heller Financial Inc. announced that Kevin McMeen was promoted to
investment officer in the company's Discounted Loan Portfolio Group, which
provides funding for the acquisition of real estate loan and/or REO portfolios.
In this new position, he will focus on loan originations and will serve clients
throught the nation.

Mr. McMeen most recently served as assistant vice president and portfolio
manager of the Discounted Loan Group.

In addition, the company announced that Joan Kramer was named as a portfolio
manager for the Discounted Loan Group.

NEW YORK

Garden City - Daniel E. Martin was named vice president and community
reinvestment act officer at Roosevelt Savings Bank.  Prior to joining Roosevelt,
Mr. Martin held a similar position at Apple Bank in New York.

NORTH CAROLINA

Charlotte - Whit Brame was hired by First Union Corp. as vice president and
regional marketing director in its Mortgage Finance Department.  Mr. Brame will
be responsible for jumbo mortgage conduit production in Florid, Colorado,
Southern Texas, the Northeast and parts of Alabama and Georgia.

Mr. Brame comes to First Union from Anchor Mortgage Services Inc. in
Jacksonville, FL, where he served as senior vice president and sales manager for
correspondent production.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, BRAME

                         Copyright 1996 Faulkner & Gray


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        May 19, 2014 Monday 6:30 AM EST

Experience Advertising: DentistSave.com Launches Money Saving Discounted-Fee
Dental Plans for Consumers and Residents of Georgia

LENGTH: 477  words


May 19 -- DentistSave.com, a national provider of discount-fee dental plans, has
launched in the state of Georgia to give Georgia residents and consumers access
to quality, affordable dental care at discounted rates. DentistSave.com has
quickly become the destination for consumers looking to save money on their
dental care needs, by accessing discounted dental rates as a member of the Aetna
Dental Access Dental Plan.



Georgia discount dental plans are designed to be a cost-effective dental
insurance alternative and provide discounted rates on general dentistry
procedures with participating dentists in Georgia, as well as procedures by
dental specialists in Georgia. DentistSave.com features the Aetna Dental Access
discount dental plan, which features over 132,000 dental practice locations
nationally.

Aetna Dental Access Discount Dental Plan highlights:

* In most instances, members in Georgia save 15% to 50% per visit* on services
from - general dentistry and cleanings to root canals and crowns.

* Over 132,000** available dental practice locations in the national network.

* Save on routine dental services such as X-rays and fillings at Georgia dental
providers in the network.

* Save on specialty dental care such as orthodontics and periodontics where
available in Georgia.

Actual costs and savings vary by provider, service and geographical area.

As of June 2013.

Discount dental plans have been available for several years in the state of
Georgia. Dental savings plans are designed to save Georgia residents, without
traditional dental insurance, money on all their dentist visits and dental
procedures. They are very popular in the group benefits, human resources (HR),
and employee benefits industries, and have gained a great reputation for
cost-effectiveness over the years as a money saving form of discount benefit
plan. The president of DMPO Marketing Inc. stated, "We are focused on delivering
high quality, cost effective dental, health, and wellness products to
individuals, families, groups, and associations within Georgia. We are excited
to offer a truly remarkable Georgia dental savings program with a high rate of
customer satisfaction."

Georgia dental plans save consumers money in the following ways:

* Save money on routine dental procedures like cleanings, x-rays, and fillings

* Save money each time you visit the dentist during the course of a year. It's
recommended that people visit the dentist every 6 months.

* Save money on more costly dental procedures like root canals, braces, and
dental implants.

* Save on Georgia dental specialist procedures like orthodontics, periodontics,
and endodontics.

Participating cities include: Atlanta, Augusta, Columbus, Savannah, Athens,
Sandy Springs, Roswell, Macon, Johns Creek, Albany, Warner Robins, Alpharetta,
Marietta, Valdosta, Smyrna, Dunwoody, Rome, East Point, Milton, and Gainesville.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students
CenturyLink (formerly the Qwest Center)
Omaha, NE

Friday, November 21, 2014 -
Saturday, November 22, 2014

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the (#13) UNO Mavericks hockey team battle
conference foe (#8) Minnesota-Duluth.

Tickets are discounted to $15 in the lower bowl, and just $10 in the upper bowl.

The Mavs play Friday, Nov. 21 at 7:37 p.m. and Saturday, Nov. 22 at 7:07 p.m.

Get tickets at: http://tinyurl.com/my6s4gd
Promo Code: UNMC (case sensitive)
- If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account..select your seat, then print
tickets from you own computer.

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993 or email jsutherland@unomaha.edu


Contact Info
Kacie Gerard
kgerard@unmc.edu
(402) 559-4319

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 13, 2016 Wednesday

Regulatory update: Iowa Public Utility Commission; Black Hills Energy, has
submitted (EEP-2008-0003) Prudence Review

LENGTH: 2158  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Des Moines: Iowa Public Utility Commission has issued the following document:




























    Combined 2009-2013 Program-level tables discounted to the final year of
implementation (in 2013 dollars)































































    Portfolio














































    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



















    2

    Utility (UCT)



                        37,983,582

                       70,579,903

           32,596,321

    1.86



























    4

    Participant (PCT)

                        59,874,680

                       86,529,825

           26,655,145

    1.45



























    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                      111,224,142

                       70,579,903

          (40,644,240)

    0.63



























    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                        73,755,508

                       96,132,674

           22,377,166

    1.30



































































    Residential Space and Water Heating Program Cost-Effectiveness Results





    Nonresidential Prescriptive Rebates Cost-Effectiveness Results







    Combined Low-Income Cost-Effectiveness Results







    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    Perspective

      Total Discounted Costs ($)

      Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    2

    Utility (UCT)

                          9,271,453

                       29,941,549

           20,670,097

    3.23

    2

    Utility (UCT)

                         1,287,051

                        13,423,301

               12,136,249

    10.43

    2

    Utility (UCT)

                       2,995,804

                   3,528,567

                   532,763

    1.18



    4

    Participant (PCT)

                        29,554,886

                       33,919,135

             4,364,249

    1.15

    4

    Participant (PCT)

                         4,993,365

                        12,329,511

                 7,336,146

    2.47

    4

    Participant (PCT)

                          687,821

                   4,147,604

                3,459,783

    6.03



    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                        40,638,654

                       29,941,549

          (10,697,104)

    0.74

    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                       14,762,680

                        13,423,301

               (1,339,379)

    0.91

    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                       6,688,664

                   3,528,567

              (3,160,097)

    0.53



    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                        32,008,356

                       40,717,389

             8,709,033

    1.27

    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                         5,393,050

                        18,340,940

               12,947,890

    3.40

    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                       2,776,149

                   4,443,202

                1,667,053

    1.60











































    Thermal Envelope Retrofit Program Cost-Effectiveness Results







    Nonresidential Custom Rebates Cost-Effectiveness Results







    School-Based Energy Education Cost-Effectiveness Results







    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    Perspective

      Total Discounted Costs ($)

      Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    2

    Utility (UCT)

                          4,509,949

                         4,432,160

                 (77,789)

    0.98

    2

    Utility (UCT)

                            498,920

                          4,652,793

                 4,153,873

    9.33

    2

    Utility (UCT)

                          308,729

                   1,130,216

                   821,488

    3.66



    4

    Participant (PCT)

                          5,771,617

                         7,628,429

             1,856,812

    1.32

    4

    Participant (PCT)

                         2,142,811

                          4,322,086

                 2,179,275

    2.02

    4

    Participant (PCT)

                          141,874

                   1,265,518

                1,123,644

    8.92



    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                          9,118,956

                         4,432,160

            (4,686,796)

    0.49

    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                         5,335,717

                          4,652,793

                  (682,923)

    0.87

    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                       1,518,790

                   1,130,216

                 (388,574)

    0.74



    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                          6,444,268

                         6,514,182

                  69,914

    1.01

    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                         2,404,465

                          6,080,437

                 3,675,972

    2.53

    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                          307,255

                   1,388,687

                1,081,432

    4.52











































    Residential New Construction Cost-Effectiveness Results







    Nonresidential New Construction Cost-Effectiveness Results





















    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio















    2

    Utility (UCT)

                        10,934,395

                       11,670,419

                736,023

    1.07

    2

    Utility (UCT)

                            389,794

                             640,939

                    251,145

    1.64















    4

    Participant (PCT)

                        13,867,602

                       20,385,346

             6,517,744

    1.47

    4

    Participant (PCT)

                         1,827,762

                             654,751

               (1,173,012)

    0.36















    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                        23,063,819

                       11,670,419

          (11,393,400)

    0.51

    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                         1,037,683

                             640,939

                  (396,744)

    0.62















    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                        14,365,222

                       16,399,960

             2,034,738

    1.14

    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                         2,119,023

                             819,431

               (1,299,592)

    0.39























































    Residential Evaluations Cost-Effectiveness Results







    Nonresidential Programs Cost-Effectiveness Results





















    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio















    2

    Utility (UCT)

                          1,731,866

                            980,953

               (750,913)

    0.57

    2

    Utility (UCT)

                         2,549,420

                        18,724,262

               16,174,843

    7.34















    4

    Participant (PCT)

                             418,910

                         1,405,938

                987,027

    3.36

    4

    Participant (PCT)

                         9,311,978

                        17,389,719

                 8,077,741

    1.87















    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                          2,815,248

                            980,953

            (1,834,295)

    0.35

    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                       21,548,990

                        18,724,262

               (2,824,727)

    0.87















    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                          1,730,403

                         1,183,726

               (546,677)

    0.68

    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                       10,562,203

                        25,249,440

               14,687,237

    2.39























































    Residential Programs Cost-Effectiveness Results

































    Perspective

     Total Discounted Costs ($)

     Total Discounted Benefits ($)

     Net Present Value ($)

    Benefit/Cost Ratio



























    2

    Utility (UCT)

                        26,447,663

                       47,025,081

           20,577,418

    1.78



























    4

    Participant (PCT)

                        49,613,017

                       63,338,731

           13,725,714

    1.28



























    3

    Ratepayer Impact (RIM)

                        75,636,677

                       47,025,081

          (28,611,595)

    0.62



























    1

    Societal Cost (SCT)

                        54,548,249

                       64,815,257

           10,267,008

    1.19































 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday

Options payout offered;
BROCADE WILL SHELL OUT $4.5 MILLION TO WORKERS WHO ALTER DISCOUNT PLANS

BYLINE: Therese Poletti, Mercury News

LENGTH: 552 words


Brocade Communications, one of the many Silicon Valley companies entangled in
the stock options backdating scandal, said it will pay an estimated $3.5 million
to $4.5 million to employees who agree to amend or cancel their discounted stock
options. However, it says the payout is not related to an investigation into
backdated stock options.

Discounted stock options are grants that are priced below the fair market value
of when they are issued. Leslie Davis, a spokeswoman for the San Jose developer
of switches for storage networks, said Brocade is paying the employees because
they could face a new tax law subjecting executives and employees to tax bills
and penalties.

Under proposed Internal Revenue Service rules, employees who have received
discounted stock options might have to pay taxes when the grants vest, and a 20
percent IRS penalty. The IRS rule applies to option grants that entitle the
holder to buy shares at less than the market price on the date of the grant.

In May 2005, Brocade disclosed that the Department of Justice and the Securities
and Exchange Commission were jointly investigating its stock option granting
practices. Brocade is one of more than 20 Silicon Valley companies being
investigated or doing their own internal investigation over how they gave out
past stock option grants.

Stock options, a popular currency in Silicon Valley, typically give the holder
the right to buy company stock at the price on the day they were granted, so
they become valuable only if the stock rises. Investigators and Wall Street
analysts have been examining patterns that suggest some companies repeatedly
backdated options to give recipients a head start to profits.

In one of the many shareholder lawsuits filed as a result of these
investigations, shareholders contend that Brocade did not properly account for
discounted options, which have since lead the company to restate its financial
results since it went public in 1999 through 2004.

In an SEC filing Thursday, Brocade said it would make cash payments totaling
$710,081 to four Brocade executives who have amended their existing stock
options grants. Included in that total is a payment of $18,333 to Chief
Executive Michael Klayko, $41,735 to Chief Financial Officer Richard Deranleau,
$581,813 to Don Jaworski, vice president of product development, and $68,200 to
Ian Whiting, vice president of worldwide sales.

Last month, Brocade said it would amend or cancel stock option grants for every
employee who had received discounted options.

One compensation expert said the proposed IRS rule was initially designed to
clear up the problem in dealing with companies that issued discounted stock
options before going public. Now the rule will apply to many companies that
backdated options, adding another layer of legal and accounting complexity for
companies and employees to grapple with.

``Now with backdating, we come to find that dozens of companies have granted
discounted options,'' said Fred Whittlesey, principal at Compensation Venture
Group in Seattle. ``There really is a big ripple effect from this.''

Davis of Brocade said the company's move was made to help make its employees
whole. ``This is so they won't have to take on those extraordinary taxes,'' she
said.

Contact Therese Poletti at tpoletti@mercurynews.com or (415) 477-2510.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             June 20, 2006 Tuesday

Options payout offered;
BROCADE WILL SHELL OUT $4.5 MILLION TO WORKERS WHO ALTER DISCOUNT PLANS

BYLINE: Therese Poletti, Mercury News

SECTION: BU; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 552 words


Brocade Communications, one of the many Silicon Valley companies entangled in
the stock options backdating scandal, said it will pay an estimated $3.5 million
to $4.5 million to employees who agree to amend or cancel their discounted stock
options. However, it says the payout is not related to an investigation into
backdated stock options.

Discounted stock options are grants that are priced below the fair market value
of when they are issued. Leslie Davis, a spokeswoman for the San Jose developer
of switches for storage networks, said Brocade is paying the employees because
they could face a new tax law subjecting executives and employees to tax bills
and penalties.

Under proposed Internal Revenue Service rules, employees who have received
discounted stock options might have to pay taxes when the grants vest, and a 20
percent IRS penalty. The IRS rule applies to option grants that entitle the
holder to buy shares at less than the market price on the date of the grant.

In May 2005, Brocade disclosed that the Department of Justice and the Securities
and Exchange Commission were jointly investigating its stock option granting
practices. Brocade is one of more than 20 Silicon Valley companies being
investigated or doing their own internal investigation over how they gave out
past stock option grants.

Stock options, a popular currency in Silicon Valley, typically give the holder
the right to buy company stock at the price on the day they were granted, so
they become valuable only if the stock rises. Investigators and Wall Street
analysts have been examining patterns that suggest some companies repeatedly
backdated options to give recipients a head start to profits.

In one of the many shareholder lawsuits filed as a result of these
investigations, shareholders contend that Brocade did not properly account for
discounted options, which have since lead the company to restate its financial
results since it went public in 1999 through 2004.

In an SEC filing Thursday, Brocade said it would make cash payments totaling
$710,081 to four Brocade executives who have amended their existing stock
options grants. Included in that total is a payment of $18,333 to Chief
Executive Michael Klayko, $41,735 to Chief Financial Officer Richard Deranleau,
$581,813 to Don Jaworski, vice president of product development, and $68,200 to
Ian Whiting, vice president of worldwide sales.

Last month, Brocade said it would amend or cancel stock option grants for every
employee who had received discounted options.

One compensation expert said the proposed IRS rule was initially designed to
clear up the problem in dealing with companies that issued discounted stock
options before going public. Now the rule will apply to many companies that
backdated options, adding another layer of legal and accounting complexity for
companies and employees to grapple with.

``Now with backdating, we come to find that dozens of companies have granted
discounted options,'' said Fred Whittlesey, principal at Compensation Venture
Group in Seattle. ``There really is a big ripple effect from this.''

Davis of Brocade said the company's move was made to help make its employees
whole. ``This is so they won't have to take on those extraordinary taxes,'' she
said.

Contact Therese Poletti at tpoletti@mercurynews.com or (415) 477-2510.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Discounted CDs Offered Abroad

                              May 11, 1981, Monday

By TERESA CARSON

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Chemical Bank last week introduced discounted certificates of deposit to the
Eurodollar markets with an issue of $10 million of oneand two-month paper.

Chemical has kept the current issue open and will issue additional discounted
CDs in the Euromarkets, depending on its need for funds and market acceptance of
the new instrument, David E. Bodner, senior vice president in Chemical's
treasury division, said.

Mr Bodner said market acceptance has been very good. He feels the discounted CD
ultimately will be more popular in the Euromarket than the traditional version,
though he warned, "this won't be an overnight wonder sweeping the Euromarkets by
storm."

Continental Illinois National Bank & Trust Co., Chicago, introduced discounted
CDs in the domestic markets in mid-February. Robert D McKnew, vice president at
Continental, said the domestic discounted CD market is "growing, but slowly."

The discounted CD is bought at below face value. Essentially, investors get no
interest payments but receive the face value at maturity. United States Treasury
bills, bankers acceptances, commercial paper, and other money market instruments
are sold in this way.

The main advantage of the discounted CD is marketing, Mr. Bodner said. Investors
can compare the discounted CD more easily with other money market instruments.
Other Bank Issuers Necessary

In order for discounted CDs to catch on in the Eurodollar markets, other banks
will have to offer the instruments, Mr. Bodner said. Mr. McKnew said Continental
has been ready to issue discounted CDs in Europe if a customer requests the
paper, but there have been no requests thus far.

Jay Lassner, an analyst with Salomon Brothers, said it is too early to judge how
the markets will receive the new instruments. He said Chemical's CDs were
selling at about the same rates as their coupon CDs.

John Astbury, vice president and head of Chemical's London treasury operation,
in a statement listed the advantages for issuing banks, dealers, and the
investor:

"The bank gains additional access to sources of funds. The dealers gain from the
more flexible pricing system and from holding a security which no longer
requires financing of an amount larger than the stated face value. Investors
will have access to a financial instrument in the attractive Eurodollar market
that is priced in a manner directly comparable to other short-term investments
in the U.S. money market," he said.

Part of Chemical's discounted issue was taken by four major dealers in the
London money markets Ferrard & National Discount Co, Kuhn Loeb Lehman, Lombard
Wall, and Salomon Brothers. The dealers and Chemical Bank International Ltd.
sold the balance directly to investors in Europe and North America.

Chemical said that, according to Bank of England statistics, the size of the
market which could be affected is $55.8 billion in nonsterling CDs.

This is not the first innovation for Chemical's London treasury operation Last
summer, Chenical became the first bank to issue negotiable CDs denominated in
special drawing rights.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 513 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 American Banker, Inc.


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 April 3, 1996, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Prices Rise On Treasury Securities

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D;   Page 15;   Column 1;   Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 820 words


Prices of Treasury securities rose yesterday, bolstered by reports that
suggested the economy was not growing at a fast enough pace to accelerate
inflation.

One report, on leading economic indicators, showed a gain that was stronger than
expected. But the market viewed the improvements as recoveries from sharp
weather-related setbacks and not indicative of a trend that could keep the
Federal Reserve from cutting short-term interest rates in the coming months.
Bond prices were also supported by a weekly survey of retail sales that showed
weakness and by a firm dollar.

Still, the rise in bond prices came on light volume, with many market
participants reluctant to take positions ahead of the March employment report
due to be released on Friday.

"In front of the employment report it would be unwise if not irresponsible for
anyone to make big bets," said David Ader, managing fixed-income anlayst at
Technical Data in Boston,

The price of the 30-year Treasury bond rose 15/32, to 92 9/32. Its yield, which
moves in the opposite direction from its price, fell to 6.59 percent from 6.64
percent on Monday.

The Conference Board reported yesterday that the monthly index of leading
indicators rose 1.3 percent in February, exceeding the market's expectations for
a gain of 1.1 percent. But traders and analysts viewed the gain as a rebound
from a setback in January caused by a blizzard.

"As with much of the other weather-related spikes we've seen, the leading
indicators will fail to produce a clear indication of economic activity until
more data is offered from this series in the coming months," said Marilyn Schaja
of Donaldson, Lufkin & Jenrette.

Anthony Chan, vice president and chief economist at the Banc One Investment
Advisers Corporation of Columbus, Ohio, estimated that about 60 percent of the
jump in the indicators reflected a weather-related recovery in the manufacturing
workweek. The report, he said, "merely confirmed the market-friendly scenario of
moderate growth ahead."

The Commerce Department yesterday released its revised estimate of the gross
domestic product in the fourth quarter, and that also fell short of
expectations. The report said the economy grew at an annual pace of five-tenths
of 1 percent in the last three months of 1995, down from an earlier estimate of
nine-tenths of 1 percent. Some analysts had been expecting a revision of
seven-tenths of 1 percent. The Commerce Department report suggested that the
economy was weaker than many had thought last year.

Weakness was also seen in the Johnson Redbook survey, released in the afternoon,
which showed a decline of seven-tenths of 1 percent in retail sales last week.

Bond prices received additional support yesterday from expectations that the
Federal Reserve would soon conduct a coupon pass, in which the Fed enters the
market to buy certain maturities to add cash to the banking system. It is used
to address seasonal shortages of reserves, and is not a signal of any change in
monetary policy. Traders say the coupon pass gives dealers an opportunity to
sell Treasury securities piling up in inventory to a ready buyer.

At yesterday's Treasury auctions of short-term maturities, the Treasury sold $14
billion of 15-day cash management bills at an average rate of 5.29 percent, and
$11.1 billion of 22-day bills at 5.25 percent.

Following are the results of yesterday's Treasury auctions of new one-year bills
and 15-day and 22-day cash management bills:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 94.773
Discounted Rate . . . 5.17%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.46%
High Price . . . 94.793
Discounted Rate . . . 5.15%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.43%
Low Price . . . 94.773
Discounted Rate . . . 5.17%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.46%
Accepted at low price . . . 46%
Total applied for . . . $56,035,579
Accepted . . . $18,937,179
Noncompetitive . . . $1,142,429

The one-year bills mature on April 3, 1997.

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 99.780
Discounted Rate . . . 5.29%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.37%
High Price . . . 99.780
Discounted Rate . . . 5.27%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.37%
Low Price . . . 99.779
Discounted Rate . . . 5.31%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.39%
Accepted at low price . . . 69%
Total applied for . . . $41,567,200
Accepted . . . $14,008,000
Noncompetitive . . . $0

The 15-day cash management bills mature April 18, 1996.

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 99.679
Discounted Rate . . . 5.25%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.34%
High Price . . . 99.680
Discounted Rate . . . 5.23%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.33%
Low Price . . . 99.679
Discounted Rate . . . 5.25%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.34%
Accepted at low price . . . 97%
Total applied for . . . $39,871,500
Accepted . . . $11,062,155
Noncompetitive . . . $0

The 22-day cash management bills mature April 25, 1996.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Treasury Yield Curve" plots yields of selected Treasury
securities, in percent. Yields for short-term maturities are shown on a bond
equivalent basis. Horizontal scale is a ratio scale. (Source: Technical Data)


                   Copyright 1996 The New York Times Company


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: Iowa Public Utility Commission; MidAmerican Energy Company,
has submitted (PGA-2016-0030) Annual Purchased Gas Adjustment 2016 Forecast

LENGTH: 825  words

DATELINE: New York



 Des Moines: Iowa Public Utility Commission has issued the following document:




























    CONFIDENTIAL

















    MidAmerican Energy Company





    Reservation Charge Rate Information





    June 1, 2015 - May 31, 2016





















    CONTRACT

    EFFECTIVE





    PIPE/CONTRACT

    CONTRACT RATE

    EXPIRATION

    DATE

















    ANR











    700

    Maximum tariff rate

    3/31/2020

    11/1/1993





    750

    Maximum tariff rate

    3/31/2020

    11/1/1993





    30300

    Maximum tariff rate; Storage

    3/31/2020

    11/1/1993





    99508

    Maximum tariff rate; NNS

    3/31/2020

    11/1/1993





    112984

    Maximum tariff rate; Storage

    3/31/2020

    4/1/2008





    113046

    Maximum tariff rate

    3/31/2020

    11/1/2008





    113155

    Maximum tariff rate

    3/31/2020

    11/1/2007

















    NGPL











    144895

    Discounted rate effective 5/1/15; Storage

    4/30/2018

    5/1/2015





    142390

    Discounted rate effective 11/1/13

    10/31/2016

    11/1/2013





    146542 (1)



    Discounted rate effective 11/1/16

    10/31/2019

    11/1/2016





    142800

    Discounted rate effective 12/1/14

    11/30/2017

    12/1/2014





    142801

    Maximum tariff rate effective 12/1/14

    11/30/2017

    12/1/2014

















    NB











    T1100F

    Maximum tariff rate

    10/31/2018

    12/1998





    T1101F

    Maximum tariff rate

    10/31/2018

    12/1998





    T1102F

    Maximum tariff rate

    10/31/2018

    12/1998





    T1142F (2)

    Maximum tariff rate

    10/31/2017

    2/20/2001





    PAL012

    Discounted rate effective 12/15/09

    2/28/2018

    12/15/2006

















    NNG











    102961

    Includes discounted rates effective 11/1/12 and 11/1/13.

    10/31/2015: 10/31/2017; 10/31/2018; 10/31/2025

    11/1/1997





    111056

    Discounted rate effective 11/1/2013

    10/31/2018

    11/1/2004





    23844

    Discount was effective 5/1/05 through 11/30/15. Agreement was extended at a
different discount 12/1/15  through 11/30/18.

    11/30/2018

    12/1/1996





    21294

    Maximum tariff rate

    10/31/2017

    11/1/1992





    21305

    Includes discounted rates effective 11/1/12

    10/31/2017; 10/31/2018

    11/1/1992





    22567

    Maximum tariff rate; SMS service

    10/31/2017

    11/1/1993





    109165

    Maximum tariff rate; SMS service

    10/31/2018

    8/1/2002





    111729

    Maximum tariff rate; SMS service

    11/30/2018

    5/1/2005





    116047

    Contains both maximum tariff rate capacity and negotiated rate capacity that
began 11/1/15 and 1/1/16.

    10/31/2018, 10/31/2025 and 12/31/2025

    11/1/2008, 11/1/2015, and 1/1/2016





    108781 (3)

    Discounted rates effective as noted in footnote (3) below.

    See footnote (3) below.

    11/1/2007





    111730 (4)

    Maximum tariff rate; SMS service

    12/31/2017

    5/1/2005





    22316

    Maximum tariff rate; Storage

    5/31/2016; 5/31/2017;5/31/2018

    6/1/1993

















    Notes:

    (1) Contract #146542 replaces capacity that expired under contract #142390.









































































































    (4) Tied to NNG contract #108781 with MEC Generation for billing purposes.





















    Note: Dates of discounts refer to the discount rates currently in effect.
Some contracts contained









    discounts prior to these dates.













 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 26, 2008 Friday

What a bargain!

BYLINE: By Broderick Perkins

SECTION: REAL ESTATE

LENGTH: 1352 words


How to spot bargain homes and sellers willing to negotiate

Taking some of the guesswork (and legwork) out of finding home bargains, a new
report reveals specific characteristics that identify a house as a likely
candidate for a price discount.

In a market where foreclosures have soared and home values have slipped, you'd
expect to find discounted listings in every neighborhood. But, even in a buyer's
market, that's just not true.

The $585,500 median price in July of all Silicon Valley homes (new, resale,
condo and single-family dwellings combined) was down nearly 16.5 percent from a
year ago when the median was $700,000, according to San Diego-based DataQuick, a
real estate information company.

But the median price is only a marker. It doesn't mean every home's value has
dropped 16.5 percent to $585,500. The median is a halfway point half the homes
sold for less than the median price, half sold for more.

To ferret out homes likely to be discounted, Seattle, Wash.-based Redfin, an
information technology real estate brokerage firm, evaluated more than 9,000
single-family-home sales from three counties Los Angeles; Fairfax, Va.; and
King, Wash. between April 15 and June 15, 2008.

Redfin studied the differences between homes that sold for a large discount and
those that didn't. It came up with guidelines to help buyers zero in on
marked-down properties and cozy up to sellers most likely to negotiate.

Traditional real estate agents say Redfin's findings can be useful, but not in a
vacuum. Buyers still need to be wise to local market conditions, value trends,
sellers' attitudes and the distressed properties segment. Redfin's findings, say
the agents, are best used in conjunction with other comparison-shopping tools
typically recommended for a solid home-buying strategy.

Here's what Redfin suggests:

Concentrate on homes unsold for 90 days or more. In a healthy market, listings
that languish unsold often become shunned by buyers who believe the long unsold
status indicates some hidden problem. But Redfin found in the current market,
heavily discounted homes were 83 percent more likely to have been on the market
for 90 days or more compared to homes that weren't discounted.

"Yes, that's correct," says Barbara Murren, a real estate agent with Coldwell
Banker in Cupertino. "The price should be reduced. If it's on the market that
long it's either not in a good condition or it was priced too high."

Tony Sum, broker of Silicon Valley Lofts & Condos, agrees, but says a property's
price alone isn't enough to prove it's a deal. He says buyers must also compare
the deal with like properties (age, condition, features, etc.) in the same
vicinity.

" You still have to do your homework. You should also know what the property
sold for in the past two or three years to determine how much it's come down,"
Sum says.

He also says a property's condition can also help determine how well it will
hold its value in the coming years.

Don't overlook an existing price reduction. It sounds like a no-brainer, but if
the price has been reduced for whatever reason, even if the home hasn't been on
the market long, chances are it's a good deal and an opportunity to bargain
further.

Consider fixer-uppers. Redfin says heavily discounted homes are 73 percent more
likely to be marketed as a fixer-upper, or as an "as-is" property, than
properties that aren't discounted. Many sellers who don't bother to fix up
before they sell are often after an easy sale rather than the highest price.

The caveat here is knowing what "as-is" truly is. A home inspection is crucial
before buying any home, but more so when the property is a fixer-upper.

"You want a contract with a contingency that says if the home is not what you
thought it was after you inspect it, you can get out of the deal," says Ron
Porter, manager of the Northern California Home Buyer Agents, who represent only
buyers.

Banks are tougher to negotiate with, but that's often because their repossessed
properties are already priced to sell. Redfin also reports that heavily
discounted homes are 9 percent more likely to be a short sale or bank-owned,
than properties that aren't discounted and that banks initially list with prices
low enough to avoid bargaining.

Scott Bruno, a real estate agent with Ventura Barnett Properties in San Jose,
agrees that bank-owned properties are a good place to look. Not so much when it
comes to short sales a deal where the bank agrees to accept a lower price than
the amount due and takes a loss on the difference. Lenders only accept such
deals if a qualified buyer is available.

"I'd start with bank-owned properties, rather than short sales. Countless times
I've heard the story from fellow agents who had short-sale listings, secured a
fair offer from a buyer maybe below asking price, but fair and yet the bank
refused to approve the short sale," Bruno says.

Later, the same home became a foreclosure relisted and sold by the bank, often
well below the original short-sale price.

"My point is that bank-owned properties are being priced, in most cases, at a
point that will cause them to sell," Bruno adds.

Look for listings that belong to long-term owners. Heavily discounted homes are
52 percent more likely to have been seller-owned for 20 years or more, compared
to those without discounts, says Redfin. The longer a seller has owned a
property, the more equity he or she has likely accumulated and maintained even
after a downturn. That makes him or her more likely to make price concessions in
theory anyway.

It really depends on the seller's motivation, says Murren's husband, John
Murren, also with Coldwell Banker in Cupertino.

"Our experience has been that 80 percent of people who are retired need every
penny they can get. I recently sold a property in Sunnyvale; they had been there
30 years and they weren't taking less," he says.

His wife agrees. "Every once in a while they will be discounted a bit, but they
want market value for their homes just like everybody else. If they don't have
to move, they are not going to sell for less," she says.

Find flips. Flipped properties are typically those purchased and perhaps
cosmetically improved and upgraded somewhat to turn a profit with a quick sale
say in six months to a year. However, if the investor s strategy to flip for
fast appreciation gains was snagged by the market downturn, the owner may be in
financial trouble and motivated by his need to reclaim his capital. Redfin says
heavily discounted homes are 9 percent more likely to have been seller-owned for
less than five years than properties that aren't discounted.

Finding flips requires a connection to the real estate investors' market where
buyers will find two types of flippers.

"Some people flip houses because they have the capital to carry them [through
hard times]. But if they don't have the capital and need to make a monthly
mortgage payment and maybe a payment to the contractor for fix-up work, if
that's the case and it's not selling in 20 minutes, they will be ready to
discount it, pull out their cash and move on," says Barbara Murren.

Don't expect to find heavy discounts on heavily remodeled homes. Sellers who
plowed remodeling cash into their home want their money back and often hold out
on lowering the price. Heavily discounted homes are 20 percent less likely to
feature a noteworthy remodel, compared to homes that aren't discounted the
opposite of what Redfin expects.

This tip applies to sellers, too. Don t plow remodeling money into a home
shortly before listing it unless the market will support it with hungry buyers,
flush with credit. Right now, sellers who don't initially come on market with a
price buyers deem fair could wind up chasing the market down not lowering prices
fast enough to keep up with deflation.

"There is a lot of truth to that, says Porter. Also, a lot of buyers don't want
extensive remodels unless they are shopping for new or like-new homes. In an
older home they want to do the work themselves."

Broderick Perkins owns and operates DeadlineNews.Com, a San Jose-based real
estate and consumer news service. Contact him at news@deadlinenews.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

UNO, Lancers offering hockey ticket discounts

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the 13th-ranked UNO Mavericks hockey team battle
conference foe Minnesota-Duluth, currently ranked eighth in the U.S. college
hockey rankings.

Lancers offer student discount

The Omaha Lancers are offering $9 tickets -- 50 percent off regular pricing --
to students with valid college ID for the Nov. 26 game against the Waterloo
Blackhawks at the Ralston Arena. For more information, click here.
The games will be held at 7:37 p.m. Friday and 7:07 p.m. Saturday. Discounted
tickets are $15 in the lower bowl and $10 in the upper bowl

To purchase your discounted seats: click here.

Use the promo code: UNMC, which is case sensitive, to receive the discounted
price.

It may be necessary to create a Ticketmaster account to purchase seats, and
tickets can be printed from your own computer.

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

UNO, Lancers offering hockey ticket discounts

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the 13th-ranked UNO Mavericks hockey team battle
conference foe Minnesota-Duluth, currently ranked eighth in the U.S. college
hockey rankings.

Lancers offer student discount

The Omaha Lancers are offering $9 tickets -- 50 percent off regular pricing --
to students with valid college ID for the Nov. 26 game against the Waterloo
Blackhawks at the Ralston Arena. For more information, click here.
The games will be held at 7:37 p.m. Friday and 7:07 p.m. Saturday. Discounted
tickets are $15 in the lower bowl and $10 in the upper bowl

To purchase your discounted seats: click here.

Use the promo code: UNMC, which is case sensitive, to receive the discounted
price.

It may be necessary to create a Ticketmaster account to purchase seats, and
tickets can be printed from your own computer.

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

UNO, Lancers offering hockey ticket discounts

LENGTH: 195  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:


UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the 13th-ranked UNO Mavericks hockey team battle
conference foe Minnesota-Duluth, currently ranked eighth in the U.S. college
hockey rankings.

Lancers offer student discount

The Omaha Lancers are offering $9 tickets -- 50 percent off regular pricing --
to students with valid college ID for the Nov. 26 game against the Waterloo
Blackhawks at the Ralston Arena. For more information, click here.
The games will be held at 7:37 p.m. Friday and 7:07 p.m. Saturday. Discounted
tickets are $15 in the lower bowl and $10 in the upper bowl

To purchase your discounted seats: click here.

Use the promo code: UNMC, which is case sensitive, to receive the discounted
price.

It may be necessary to create a Ticketmaster account to purchase seats, and
tickets can be printed from your own computer.

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            December 19, 2011 Monday

'Villages' take care of their own

BYLINE: By SUZANNE BOHAN Contra Costa Times

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 863 words


When Bob and Lynn Forthman joined Ashby Village in July 2010, they never figured
they'd need its services so soon.

The virtual "village" in Berkeley is one of 65 nationwide, with 120 more in the
works. The volunteer-driven networks are meant to help seniors continue living
in their homes by delivering a multitude of services they no longer can do for
themselves and to help them stay engaged through social events.

What started with the first village in 2001 in Boston has become a fast-growing
phenomenon that could fill a critical gap as baby boomers age and longevity
increases. By 2050, demographers project that one in five Americans will be 65
or older, part of a "silver tsunami."

"I think this is going to be the way of the future," said Berdeen Coven, a
psychologist leading the drive to launch the Silicon Valley Village, expected to
open by June. "There just aren't going to be enough private facilities for
people to age in, and we have to get together and help each other out as we live
longer."

Some discounted dues

Members pay yearly dues, ranging from $35 to more than $900, with half offering
discounted rates, according to a nationwide survey by UC Berkeley researchers.

In exchange, members are a phone call away from such free services as driving,
gardening, computer help, home repairs, shopping and other day-to-day needs.

Village volunteers also help members sell homes that have become too large and
move to smaller dwellings.

A screened list of vendors such as plumbers and electricians offer discounted
rates.

A month after the Forthmans joined, a driver ran a red light in West Berkeley,
smashing into Lynn Forthman as she drove to her haircut appointment. The driver
fled and was never caught, but the 86-year-old woman had five shattered ribs.

"I called Ashby Village and asked, 'Could you people be of any help?'" Bob
Forthman said. "They said, 'Of course we could.'"

A geriatric social worker from Ashby Village warned Bob Forthman against
transferring his wife from the hospital to a nursing home with a poor reputation
and helped him resist pressure to release her until she was transferred to a
better facility.

After Lynn Forthman returned home, she received discounted in-home care from an
organization referred by Ashby Village.

"It's kind of like an insurance policy," said Bob Forthman, who retired as a
professor in 1996 from what's now called CSU East Bay. "They were there when I
needed them."

But his wife of 60 years didn't survive the accident; she died several weeks
later. Forthman, 86, said he wasn't sure he could cope. "I was simply not
functioning very well. I honestly thought I might have to be hospitalized."

Three village volunteers visited him the day she died, bringing coffee,
croissants, hugs and sympathetic ears. "For someone going through that
experience, listening is what they want," he said.

Another volunteer who has since become a good friend helped Forthman write and
publish a newspaper obituary and led the arrangements for Lynn Forthman's
memorial service, including finding a rabbi.

Others helped hire vendors to prepare his large Berkeley hills home for sale and
to find a condominium in an adults-only community in Berkeley.

He now joins the numerous social events the village organizes, from hikes and
potlucks to book groups and seminars.

Most villages have one or two full-time staff members and a cadre of volunteers
from fellow members to high school students.

Looking to grow

Ashby Village launched in 2010 with $80,000 in dues and donations from charter
members and now has 170 members. It hopes to double that number, said Andy
Gaines, executive director. Ninety-five percent of its members renewed this
year, paying $750 individually or $1,200 per household.

The villages serve a population falling between a wide gap in care for aging
Americans. Medicaid covers nursing homes and some in-home care for the poorest,
and the wealthy can afford costly assisted-living facilities or hired help. "But
for people who are middle-class or upper middle-class, there was a hole," Gaines
said.

A UC-Berkeley researcher is heading a three-year evaluation, funded by the
Archstone Foundation, to determine the qualities most likely to ensure the
long-term viability of the nonprofit villages.

"It's too early to draw any conclusions, except that villages seem to be doing
pretty well," said Andrew Scharlach, director of UC-Berkeley's Center for
Advanced Study of Aging Services. The numbers of villages nationwide are
"growing exponentially," he said.

Only a few have failed, Scharlach said, and that was due to either lack of
capital or lack of leadership and paid staff.

Coven, with the Silicon Valley Village, said about 20 volunteers are working to
launch it once they secure enough startup funding, expected mostly from
individuals.

"Our goal is $100,000 so we won't ever have to close our doors," Coven said.

They will charge $800 annually per person, or $950 per household. They plan to
start small, serving Los Gatos, Saratoga, Monte Sereno and parts of Campbell and
add 100 members yearly until they're serving most of Santa Clara County.

Does anything similar serve older adults?

"There is nothing; there is nothing," Coven said.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Axelrod, right, a volunteer at Ashby Village in Berkeley, fixes a
light at the home of Joan Strand.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                             Discounted-Cruises.com

                          4644 North University Drive
                             Lauderhill,  FL 33351
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (800) 627-8468
URL: www.discounted-cruises.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We offer the lowest available prices on 3, 4, 7 & 10-day discounted cruises,
Bahamas Cruises, Caribbean Cruises, Mexico Cruises, Panama Canal Cruises, and
many other exotic destinations. Get a fabulous discount on last-minute cruises
aboard top Cruise Lines, including Carnival Cruises, Royal Caribbean Cruises,
Celebrity Cruises and others. Last minute cruises are available at huge
discounted prices. Call our cruise agency today to book your discount cruises
travel package. Compare our prices, request a quote, save now and sail tomorrow.
Discounted Cruises specializes in finding the best cruise deals for our
customers. We have discount cruises from all the Major Cruise Lines including
Carnival Cruise Lines, Royal Caribbean Cruise Lines, Celebrity Cruise Lines, and
many more. Whether you are a first time cruiser or a seasoned shipmate,
Discounted Cruises takes the hassle out of your search. Let us help you start
planing your pefect cruise today! Enjoy your Discount Cruise Vacation!  Cruise
fares are even lower when you give us a call!

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                              June 15, 2012 Friday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

SECTION: Business; pg. 22

LENGTH: 430 words


Unemployment rate falls to 6 percent

Massachusetts added 7,500 jobs to payrolls in May as unemployment dropped 0.3
percent to 6 percent, the Executive Office of Labor and Workforce Development
announced Thursday.

All but 800 of the new jobs were in the private sector. Since Jan. 1,
Massachusetts has added 37,800 jobs.

The professional, scientific and business services sector added 6,000 jobs in
May.

Free or discounted hospital care totaled $73.9M

Massachusetts hospitals provided more than $622 million in community benefits,
including free or discounted care for residents of Massachusetts in fiscal 2011,
according to Attorney General Martha Coakley's office.

Fifty hospitals and health care systems filed community benefit reports with the
attorney general's office for fiscal 2011. Nonprofit hospitals reported a total
of $559 million in community benefit expenditures, of which $58.2 million was
for free or discounted care provided directly to patients.

A dozen for-profit hospitals reported nearly $63 million in community benefit
expenditures, $15.7 million of which was spent on free or discounted care for
patients.

Store agrees to wage violation settlement

A New Bedford liquor store and its owner have agreed to pay $33,000 to settle
allegations that they violated the state's minimum-wage, overtime and
anti-retaliation laws, Attorney General Martha Coakley's office said. The
settlement, entered in Boston municipal court, requires Trio Liquors and owner
Parimal Patel to pay the $33,000 in restitution to a former employee. Coakley's
staff found that Trio had failed to pay the worker the state's minimum wage of
$8 an hour and overtime for work he performed from November 2008 through January
2010.

Name change for senior-living complexes

HallKeen Management has renamed its senior-living complexes from New Springs
Senior Communities to HallKeen Assisted Living Communities. Norwood-based
HallKeen operates six assisted-living facilities in Watertown, Revere, Lenox,
Clinton, Boston and Providence.

Bank donates for business counseling

South Eastern Economic Development Corp. on Wednesday received a $50,000 check
from Rockland Trust bank's community development corporation.

The money will pay for continued financial counseling to small businesses in
low-income communities in Massachusetts and Rhode Island.

Chambers refurbishes Wayland dealership

Somerville-based Herb Chambers Cos. recently held the grand opening of a
refurbished Wayland dealership that provides separate showroom space for the
Rolls-Royce, Lamborghini and Bentley brands. The dealership is on Route 20.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 The Patriot Ledger


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Progressive Media - Company News

                           December 5, 2013 Thursday

MaxLite teams up with New Jersey's Clean Energy Program to offer ENERGY STAR
qualified CFL lamps and fixtures to habitat for humanity resale outlets

SECTION: THE BOARDROOM; Business Expansions

LENGTH: 395 words



HIGHLIGHT: As part of a national partnership with Habitat for Humanity, MaxLite
has partnered with New Jersey's Clean Energy Program[TM] (NJCEP) to provide
discounted ENERGY STAR®-qualified CFL lamps and fixtures to Habitat ReStore
resale outlet customers in New Jersey.


The products are discounted through NJCEP, which is administered by the New
Jersey Board of Public Utilities. Discounted lighting is then made available to
retailers across New Jersey. MaxLite is selling products at New Jersey Habitat
ReStores located in Wayne, Carney Point, Cinnaminson and Asbury Park, and the
proceeds benefit Habitat for Humanity in the local communities.

"We are pleased to bring our work with Habitat for Humanity ReStores to
MaxLite's home state of New Jersey through NJCEP and offer significantly
discounted CFL products to the consumer," explained Joe Pater, utility solutions
program manager for MaxLite. "The participating New Jersey Habitat ReStores are
offering these energy-efficient lamps and fixtures to their customers at
affordable prices, but best of all it supports Habitat's efforts to create
affordable housing in New Jersey."

Habitat for Humanity ReStore resale outlets sell donated goods to the general
public to help local Habitat affiliates fund the construction of homes within
their communities. Through NJCEP, the New Jersey Habitat ReStores offer CFL
products, includingfour lamps, six ceiling fixtures and three outdoor lanterns
at discounted rates of $1 to $9, which is nearly a 99 percent savings on select
products. Additionally, the products will save on energy consumption for years
to come. For instance, the 18- and 36-watt CFL ceiling fixtures replace 75- and
150-watt incandescent products, respectively, based on a $.012 kWh energy rate
and a 10,000-hour product lifetime.

"The CFLs are flying off the shelves," said Lucia Fitzgerald, director of the
Paterson Habitat for Humanity's ReStore in Wayne, New Jersey, which began
selling MaxLite products in late August. "We have already had to re-order
MaxLite products three times over the last two months, and we anticipate many
more orders in the future."

Another ReStore commented, "The light bulbs were the first to sell and all sold
within the first week we received them," said Tristan Keyser, manager of the
Habitat for Humanity Burlington County ReStore in Cinnaminson. "We really
appreciate the partnership and hope we can continue in the future."

Under this one-year, $250,000 gift-in-kind partnership, MaxLite is also
partnering with utilities and Habitat ReStores in other select areas of the
nation as well, including North and South Carolina and Washington.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 Progressive Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Memorandum: Sales Tax on Discounted Items

LENGTH: 215  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Memorandum:



  From:     Representative Anthony M. DeLuca

 To:     All House members

 Subject:     Sales Tax on Discounted Items



 In the near future I plan on re-introducing HB 747 of 2015; legislation
amending Article II of the Tax Reform Code of 1971 regarding the taxable portion
of the purchase price of an item. The legislation will clarify a confusing point
of legislation; specifically, what amount is considered taxable when applying a
coupon or discount when purchasing an item.





 Currently, there is some level of discrepancy when a taxable item is purchased
with a coupon or at a discounted rate. Sometimes the sales tax of an item bought
at a discount will not always be levied at the discounted purchase price. In
order for the sales tax to be levied at the discounted purchase price both the
item and the receipt must be indicated on the cash register tape. My legislation
would mandate that sales tax only be imposed on the portion remaining after a
discount or coupon is applied regardless of whether the coupon or discount is
separately stated on the cash register tape.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 18, 2017 Wednesday

Memorandum: Sales Tax on Discounted Items

LENGTH: 215  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Memorandum:



  From:     Representative Anthony M. DeLuca

 To:     All House members

 Subject:     Sales Tax on Discounted Items



 In the near future I plan on re-introducing HB 747 of 2015; legislation
amending Article II of the Tax Reform Code of 1971 regarding the taxable portion
of the purchase price of an item. The legislation will clarify a confusing point
of legislation; specifically, what amount is considered taxable when applying a
coupon or discount when purchasing an item.





 Currently, there is some level of discrepancy when a taxable item is purchased
with a coupon or at a discounted rate. Sometimes the sales tax of an item bought
at a discount will not always be levied at the discounted purchase price. In
order for the sales tax to be levied at the discounted purchase price both the
item and the receipt must be indicated on the cash register tape. My legislation
would mandate that sales tax only be imposed on the portion remaining after a
discount or coupon is applied regardless of whether the coupon or discount is
separately stated on the cash register tape.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        May 27, 2016 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Direct Energy, WTU, CPL, First Choice Power, Bounce Energy Offer Discounted LED
Light Bulbs to Texas Customers

LENGTH: 333  words


May 27 -- Direct Energy announced today its participation in a new program that
offers discounted LED light bulbs to eligible Texas customers of Direct Energy,
WTU Retail Energy, CPL Retail Energy, First Choice Power and Bounce Energy.
Called Efficiency Connection, this program is sponsored by CenterPoint Energy
Houston Electric, Texas-New Mexico Power and AEP Texas.

Efficiency Connection is an online marketplace that offers discounted LED
products in a variety of styles, all dimmable and ENERGY STAR  certified to
guarantee significant energy savings. The lights will be discounted up to 40
percent off the standard retail price.

"We are always looking for ways to help our customers use less of what we sell,
and incorporating this program is a great way to reward our customers for making
energy efficient choices," said Manu Asthana, president of Direct Energy Home.
"Energy efficient technology can make a meaningful impact on our customers'
energy usage and reduce their overall bill. We hope this program will empower
our customers to replace older, less efficient bulbs for LED bulbs that are
proven to have a longer lifespan and use less energy."

LED bulbs require significantly less electricity than traditional incandescent
bulbs. According to the U.S. Department of Energy, replacing 60-watt
incandescent bulbs with 12-watt LEDs will reduce your per-bulb electricity costs
by up to 80 percent. LED bulbs also produce less heat than traditional blubs,
helping your home stay cooler. In addition to helping customers reduce their
electricity bills, the LED bulb lasts 35,000 to 50,000 hours, which is two to
seven times longer than a compact florescent light bulb, 11 to 15 times longer
than a halogen incandescent and 25 to 45 times longer than a traditional
incandescent.

Direct Energy, WTU Retail Energy, CPL Retail Energy, First Choice Power and
Bounce Energy customers may find more information and order LED light bulbs on
each company's energy efficiency website.

Source: Direct Energy

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 17, 2009 Monday

Area train lines offer discounted tickets to Raider's games

BYLINE: By Larissa Klitzke Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 300 words


The Capitol Corridor and Altamont Commuter Express trains are providing
discounted transit to Raiders home games for the 2009 football season.

The Capitol Corridor train, which runs between Sacramento and the Bay Area, is
offering a 25-percent discount for adults, and a 50-percent discount for two
children younger than 15 per adult rider, to the Oakland Coliseum for all
daytime home games this season.

The discounted tickets amount to $36 round-trip for adults or $18 round-trip for
children. The line has offered the discounts for three years, said Luna Salaver,
Capitol Corridor public information officer.

ACE, which runs between Stockton and San Jose, is also offering discount ticket
packages. The ACE Train 50 Package includes one ticket to the Oakland Raiders
vs. Denver Broncos game Sept. 27, one round-trip train ticket, and a meal
package at the Oakland Coliseum for $50.

The ACE Train Tailgate Package includes all of the above, as well as access to
the pre-game tailgate party at the Stockton ACE Train station, for $65. Both ACE
packages offer transportation on a Raiders-themed ACE train with contests,
giveaways and appearances by former Raiders players.

Although the ACE Train does not ordinarily go to Oakland, the special offer is
provided because of the large Raiders fan base in the Central Valley, said
D'Andre Berry, strategic development and communication assistant for ACE.

"We've done special trains in the past and we're looking for something new to
do," Berry said. "This is the first time we've ever done anything with football.
We're definitely excited about it."

Fans can visit capitolcorridor.org and enter code H811 to get the discounts, or
call 1-877-974-3322 for details. Both ACE Train packages can be purchased at
www.raiders.com/ACE50 and www.raiders.com/ACETailgate .

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Las Cruces Sun-News (New Mexico)

                            February 14, 2014 Friday

House OKs electric rate cut for big businesses, hike for others

BYLINE: By Staci Matlock The New Mexican

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 738 words


The House approved a bill Friday that lawmakers say will attract jobs to New
Mexico by giving larger businesses a discounted electricity rate but lets
utility companies recoup the money by charging more to families and small
businesses.

House Bill 296 would help New Mexico attract manufacturing jobs, increase the
tax base and put the state on par with 29 others that offer a reduced
electricity rate to manufacturers and other businesses, according to the bill's
sponsor, Rep. Antonio "Moe" Maestas, D-Albuquerque. "We just want to attract
businesses that we think are best for our economy, that hire in state and sell
out of state," Maestas said.

Some lawmakers, regulators and advocates say the bill is unfair by making
families and small-business customers pay more for electricity.

"We're obviously not against economic development, but the way the bill is
structured doesn't protect other ratepayers," said Liliana Castillo,
communications manager for Conservation Voters New Mexico. "We think the
intentions of the bill are good. We're not OK with the execution."

Only Public Service Company of New Mexico, the largest power utility in the
state, and El Paso Electric would be able to offer the discounted rate to
commercial customers. The bill allows the utilities to negotiate private
contracts with companies without limiting the size of the rate discount. There's
also no limit on how much residential and small-businesses customers will have
to pay to subsidize the discounted rate for larger businesses.

The bill does cap the amount of power the utilities can offer at a discounted
rate to 5 percent of the total retail power sold.

Maestas said the discounted rate for large businesses would cost other
ratepayers an estimated 0.2 cents more for every 600 kilowatt-hours used, or
about $3.24 a month, based on estimates.

But bill opponents say at this point, it is impossible to know exactly how much
more PNM and El Paso Electric customers will have to pay to subsidize a
discounted rate for large businesses.

The bill passed on a 47-17 vote. Rep. Jim Trujillo, D-Santa Fe, voted for the
bill, calling it "a wonderful tool" for attracting businesses.

Rep. Brian Egolf, D-Santa Fe, said it seemed like utilities could offer
incentives the way cable companies do   without charging their other customers:
Hook new customers with a deep discount, and then charge them more when the
contract is renewed.

"Why is rate recovery necessary?" he asked during the floor debate. "Shouldn't
the utility bear the risk, instead of passing it to other customers?"

Public Regulation Commissioner Valerie Espinoza, who represents District 3,
including Santa Fe, said she is opposed to the bill because it limits the
commission's authority to protect customers in rate cases. The bill requires the
PRC to grant the discounted rate for a company without a public hearing and
within 30 days after a contract has been signed with a utility company.

"This is not a good bill for District 3 residential consumers and small
businesses who will be picking up the tab," Espinoza said. "Who in their right
minds would be against economic development? Certainly not me, but not if it is
at the expense of others."

Under the bill, a company will apply for a certificate from the state Economic
Development Department to get the reduced rate.

A company would qualify for the reduced electricity rate if it:

Hires at least 20 people at salaries of $40,000 or higher.

Commits to staying in the state for at least a decade. The company could only
get the reduced electricity rate for seven years.

Uses at least 2 megawatts of electricity.

Has invested or will invest at least $5 million in fixed assets in New Mexico,
including machinery.

Plans to sell at least 50 percent of its product out of state.

Agrees to pay back all of its discount to the utility if it does not meet
obligations.

PNM's industrial electricity rates already are fairly low, ranking fifth out of
20 regional cities. "The issue isn't the rates, but rather the fact that we
cannot at this time offer an incentive as more than 44 utilities in 29 states
can," spokeswoman Valerie Smith said.

HB 296 only had to win approval in one House committee before reaching the House
floor. A similar Senate bill, SB 283, has been approved in two Senate committees
and moves next to Senate Judiciary.

Contact Staci Matlock at 986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Antonio "Moe" Maestas, D-Bernalillo, speaks on the house floor on
Friday, with Rick Miera, D-Bernalillo, at right.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


        Copyright 2014 Las Cruces Sun-News, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students
CenturyLink (formerly the Qwest Center)
Omaha, NE

Friday, February 13, 2015 -
Saturday, February 14, 2015

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the UNO Mavericks hockey team battle conference
foe Western Michigan.

The MAVS play Friday, Feb. 13 at 7:37 pm and Saturday, Feb. 14 at 7:07 pm.
Special dollar drinks available an hour before the puck drops on Friday.

To purchase your discounted seats click the link or copy it to your browser:
http://tinyurl.com/qchq9l7
-If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account..select your seats...then print
tickets from you own computer!

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993 or email jsutherland@unomaha.edu


Contact Info
Kacie Gerard
kgerard@unmc.edu
(402) 559-4319

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                          December 13, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Low-cost fuel to warm MainersDiscounted heating oil;
Low-income residents benefit from a deal with Venezuelan-owned Citgo.

BYLINE: EDWARD D. MURPHY Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 852 words


Citizens Energy Corp. will provide discounts on 8 million gallons of heating oil
to low-income Mainers under an expansion of its heating-assistance program made
possible by a huge increase in cut-rate oil from Venezuela.

But the ties to Venezuela are creating a political controversy in the wake of a
recent speech to the United Nations in which Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez
called President Bush ''the devil.''

Massachusetts-based Citizens Energy is receiving 100 million gallons - up from
40 million gallons in 2005 - of discounted heating oil from Citgo, the
Venezuelan-owned oil company. Maine's share will be enough to provide as much as
200 gallons of discounted oil for 40,000 households, said Brian O'Connor, vice
president of the nonprofit group.

He said that during the past year, Citizens Energy contacted oil companies and
oil-producing countries and asked them to provide discounted oil. Only Venezuela
and Citgo agreed, said O'Connor, who presided over the ceremonial filling of an
oil tank Tuesday at the home of Elece Leonard in Portland.

O'Connor filled in for former U.S. Rep. Joseph Kennedy II, D-Mass., chairman of
Citizens Energy. Kennedy had to cancel a trip to Portland because of an injury,
O'Connor said. There was no immediate explanation for the absence of Venezuela's
ambassador to the United States, who also was supposed to come to Portland for
the event.

Regarding the controversy over Chavez, O'Connor said, ''We're not here to
condone or endorse what was said at the U.N.'' He noted that the United States
has supported anti-Chavez groups in Venezuela, but said his organization is not
political.

Leonard said she was grateful for the help and steered clear of the politics.

''Everybody's making a big deal out of it because it's some group from
Venezuela, but a lot of people can't afford their heat,'' she said. ''Don't get
me into politics. I don't follow that. A gift is a gift, and if that's something
that somebody wants to come out and do, God bless them.''

Leonard is disabled and has diabetes, which makes it difficult for her to stay
warm. She said she dresses warmly to keep from turning the heat up too high, but
with federal assistance and the discounted oil, she doesn't have to ''worry if
this tank of oil is going to last me. It takes the strain and worry off.''

Under the program, Citizens Energy sells the discounted oil it receives from
Venezuela on the open market and uses the proceeds to underwrite its own
discount program. Residents who meet income standards can buy as much as 200
gallons of oil at 60 percent of the market rate. Fuel oil companies submit the
rest of the bill to Citizens Energy.

That meant the oil that Leonard received Tuesday cost her about $1.25 a gallon,
instead of the company's normal cash price of $2.08.

Citizens Energy is also providing 500,000 gallons of free oil to shelters for
the homeless in Maine, and is continuing a program of discounted oil to American
Indian tribes in Maine.

Last year, O'Connor said, Citizens Energy provided discounted oil in six states,
including Maine, under the program for the tribes. The increase in the amount of
oil coming from Venezuela allowed the organization to expand to 16 states and
extend the program in Maine this year, he said.

Citizens Energy is running television ads featuring Kennedy to raise awareness
of the program because it's new in so many areas, O'Connor said.

Last year, Maine had its own deal with Venezuela, which provided the same amount
of discounted oil - 8 million gallons - under a program run by state housing
authorities. The office of Gov. John Baldacci said that program was allowed to
lapse this year because Citizens Energy told the state during the summer that
the increased allotment from Venezuela would let it expand its discount program
in Maine.

In a prepared statement Tuesday, Baldacci urged Mainers to review the Citizens
Energy program to determine whether they are eligible. Attempts to reach him for
comment were unsuccessful.

Leonard's regular oil supplier, Yorkie's, delivered her oil Tuesday. Matt Marks,
Yorkie's general manager, said he's not concerned about any political fallout
over the deal.

''I think that in Maine, the real critical need is to make sure that people have
heat this winter. The politics is something the politicians can discuss,'' he
said.

The heating season is kicking into high gear, but prices have been lower than
many expected they would be a few months ago. On Tuesday, the average in the
Portland area was $2.15 a gallon, ranging from a low of $2 to a high of $2.58,
according to www.maineoil.com, which tracks prices.

Also Tuesday, the state kicked off its ''Keep ME Warm'' program, which is
designed to raise money to provide more than a half-million gallons of oil for
Mainers. The program is aimed at low- and middle-income families that do not
qualify for assistance, or low-income families that need to augment the
assistance they receive from other sources.

The campaign is looking to raise the money from companies and their employees.


Staff Writer Edward D. Murphy can be contacted at 791-6465 or at:

emurphy@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Staff photo by Doug Jones
Elece Leonard attends a news conference outside her Portland home Tuesday after
the nonprofit Citizens Energy filled her oil tank at a discounted cost of $1.25
a gallon under its Venezuelan oil program, which will serve 40,000 households.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     August 11, 1980, Monday, Final Edition

Factory Outlet Mall to Open in Fairfax

BYLINE: By Emily M. Sachar, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Washington Business; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 773 words


The Washington area's first factory outlet mall, a bantam version of the popular
Reading, Pa., outlet strip, will open in Fairfax City Friday.

Designed to satisfy the increasing consumer demand for discounted goods and
services, the new Outlet Mall in Fairfax will be the home of 15 retailers
offering savings of up to 50 percent on what they describe as name-brand,
top-quality merchandise.

Ten of the stores are not factory outlets, but will sell discounted goods.

Encouraged by the success of outlet merchants such as Crown Books, Trak Auto,
and the many women's apparel discount operations operating separately through
the Washington area, John Gardner -- vice president of B. F. Saul Advisory Co.,
the firm advising the mall developer and owner -- says he saw great potential in
an outlet mall.

Factory outlet malls in Cherry Hill, N.J., and North Carolina and the
60-year-old Reading factory outlet marketplace -- where more than 150 retailers
sell discounted goods in turn-of-the-century factory mill buildings -- also
inspired Gardner, who lured four of the Reading merchants to set up shop in the
Fairfax center.

A handful of factory outlet malls are popping up along the Eastern Seaboard in
towns from Florida to New York.

Marketing surveys conducted nearly two years ago by B.F. Saul showed that
Washington shoppers, who typically are female and middle-aged, also wanted
access to a mall where retailers sell discounted goods.

Several thousand of those women already had discovered the Reading outlet
complex and regularly journeyed there on weekends and during the Christmas
holiday season to purchase discounted goods, the survey indicated.

Eugene Kalkin, president of the parent company which operates Linens 'n' Things,
an outlet store selling linens and towels, said its store in the Fairfax mall is
only the first link in a chain of outlet shops the company plans to open in the
Washington area by next fall.  One will be in Rockville, and another is planned
for Springfield.  Linens 'n' Things already has a dozen stores throughout
Pennsylvania.

"Washington is such an obvious market.  People there are young, looking for good
buys.  We've just wanted the right place to move in," Kalkin said.

For several years, officials of the Great Factory Store, which has eight outlets
throughout New England and will be the Fairfax mall's largest tenant, have
planned to move to the Washington area.  They, too, have been waiting for the
right location.

Recent population statistics indicating Fairfax grew 33 percent in the last
decade convinced the Great Factory Store the time to move to Washington was
ripe.

The outlet stores make their money by skimping on the conventional retailer's
recipe.  Though they accept checks and most major credit cards, they rarely
offer delivery services.  Employing fewer salespeople per square foot, they do
not provide customers with personalized service.

More often than not, they do not offer lay-away services, though several of the
stores moving into the Fairfax mall may offer that plan on big-ticket items.

Also, wall decorations are few, and lighting fixtures are simple in the outlet
stores.

"This is not the place for the woman who wants all the thrills and frills of
shopping.  This is the place for people who know what they want to buy and want
to save money beyond all else," said Roger Gerst, marketing director for Bobbi
Rogers Inc., New Jersey-based parent company of the Great Factory Store.

The recently renovated shopping center, previously named Fair City Mall, used to
be filled with several dozen small specialty shops.  But without several large
department stores to generate business for the smaller stores, the specialty
concept never got off the ground, Gardner said.

Since 1974, when Saul Real Estate Investment Trust took over the property after
its previous owner defaulted on a loan, the mall steadily has lost tenants.  In
1978, after an extensive review of the factory outlet concept which wound
Gardner and his associates throughout the Northeast, the trust's developer
subsidiary, Franklin Property Co., began the search for factory outlet tenants.

In addition to those already mentioned, the stores which will fill the
two-story, 75,000-square-foot mall are: the Reading-based stores, Bag and
Baggage and Delta Hosiery; Massachusetts' Off the Rax (a clothing store);
Chesapeake Bay Seafood House Co.; Sam's Tailoring Corp.; Harris Agency (an
insurnace company); Budget Plan Co. (a household finance company); Bronson
Appliance; The Hair Affaire; David Zelman Optometrist, and Pascalino's Pizza.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Picture, Signs of the times of Penn. discount center.  AP

                       Copyright 1980 The Washington Post


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Women's Indoor Football League

                                 P.O. Box 1651
                             Eaton Park,  FL 33840
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (863) 934-0707
URL: www.wiflfootball.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The WIFL offers a franchise ownership package like no other league in the
country. We have already done most of the work for you! When an owner buys a
WIFL franchise not only do they get the team, as part of our Team In A Box plan
they also get the following:   20 home jersys 20 road jerseys 20 pants 20 pairs
of socks 25 pairs of decals Source for discounted helmets Source for discounted
shoulder pads Source for discounted pant pads Merchandise for re-sale Turf Team
name and logo Team website Discounted Airfare with American Airlines Discounted
Car Rentals with Avis Rent A Car Discounted Bus Charters with USA Bus Charters

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2015 Saturday

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students

LENGTH: 177  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

Discounted UNO hockey tickets for UNMC employees, students
CenturyLink (formerly the Qwest Center)
Omaha, NE

Friday, February 13, 2015 -
Saturday, February 14, 2015

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the UNO Mavericks hockey team battle conference
foe Western Michigan.

The MAVS play Friday, Feb. 13 at 7:37 pm and Saturday, Feb. 14 at 7:07 pm.
Special dollar drinks available an hour before the puck drops on Friday.

To purchase your discounted seats click the link or copy it to your browser:
http://tinyurl.com/qchq9l7
-If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account..select your seats...then print
tickets from you own computer!

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993 or email jsutherland@unomaha.edu


Contact Info
Kacie Gerard
kgerard@unmc.edu
(402) 559-4319

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                      June 21, 1987, Sunday, City Edition

How-to is missing from investing book

BYLINE: ROBERT J. BRUSS

SECTION: AT HOME; Real Estate Books; Pg. 18H

LENGTH: 528 words



Make a fortune buying discounted mortgages    By Roger Bel Air    Doubleday and
Co., New York, 1987, 152 pages, $ 14.95



    The topic of investing in high-yield mortgages to earn 20 percent or    more
on invested dollars is a sure winner. Everyone would love to have    such high
returns. The title of this new book holds out the hope of    telling the reader
how to make a fortune with discounted mortgages, but



 it fails to deliver much more than theory.

     Roger Bel Air, a Seattle investor in discounted mortgages, has done    an
admirable job in his new book explaining why buying existing    mortgages for
less than their balance is a smart investment. He spends    most of the book
educating the reader, who was probably already    convinced when he bought the
book.

     Unfortunately, Bel Air neglects the "how to" portion of the book.

 Although he gives a few examples of how to attain high-yield discounted
mortgage purchases, he fails to get down to detailed specifics of the
paperwork and legal aspects involved.

     This new book is half of a complete book. The author should have    given
more details of the mechanics of buying existing mortgages. Bel    Air says he
invests in discounted mortgages, yet he doesn't give one    personal example to
illustrate the topics he is explaining. His theory    is excellent, but the
implementation leaves much to be desired.

     Many investors are interested in the subject of buying discounted
mortgages to earn high yields, but there is no mass-market complete    book I've
seen about discounted mortgages that thoroughly explains the    essentials that
investors need to know to avoid serious mistakes. I    hoped Bel Air's new book
would fill this void, but it leaves the reader    begging for more details on
how to acquire these discounted mortgages.

     For example, Bel Air explains that, instead of buying an entire
long-term mortgage at a big discount that the original lender probably    won't
accept, the investor can instead get a high yield by buying just    a number of
payments, such as the first 60 payments. But the author    neglects to explain
the details such as forms to use, who holds the    mortgage or trust deed and
what happens if the borrower pays off the    loan early.

     But the book is not without its redeeming qualities. It is worth    reading
to gain a superficial overview of discounted mortgages.

 However, it won't give the reader enough knowledge to go out and start
buying discounted mortgages because it leaves too many unanswered    questions.
Since there is no bibliography or index, the reader is left    hanging without
further resources.

     Bel Air's book gives just enough information to be dangerous    because it
leaves out so much vital information. For example, it    neglects to explain
what happens if the borrower doesn't make the    payments on time and the lender
must foreclose.



LOAD-DATE: November 19, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 22, 2009 Tuesday

Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Report: December 22, 2009

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 552  words


Licenses

The Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission Licensing Division
has issued one mixed-beverage license and one retail license.

Receiving a mixed-beverage license is:

Green Onion, 4532 E. 51st St., Tulsa, Ozarus Inc.

Receiving a retail license is:

Proof Wine & Spirits, 2109 W. Owen K. Garriott, Enid, Hayden Staerkel.

Intents

Three parties have published notices of intent to apply for licensing through
the Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission. There was one
notice published for a mixed-beverage license, one notice published for
permission to change location of the licensed premises and one notice published
for a retail package store license.

Seeking a retail package store license:

Trojan Wine & Spirits, 620 W. Main St., Jenks, Theresa M. Parker.

Seeking permission to change location of licensed premises:

Marina Center Liquor Store, 9962 E. 21st St. in Tulsa to Apache Junction Liquor
Store, 2472 N. Yale, Tulsa, Reza Hayat.

Seeking a mixed-beverage license:

The Smokey Pokey, 305 S. Washington, Stillwater, The Smokey Pokey LLC.

Cases

The Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission has resolved cases
against the following businesses.

Asahi Japanese Restaurant in Tulsa will pay $1,000 for failure to maintain a
designated bar area, $150 for unlicensed employees, $150 for an unlicensed
manager, and $1,000 for purchasing alcohol from other than a wholesaler.

Bruhouse Bar & Grill in Tulsa will pay $150 for advertising a happy hour.

Trail Club in Henryetta will pay $150 for allowing intoxicated people to remain
on the premises.

Alfredo's Mexican Cafe in Moore will pay $35 for failure to timely renew
licenses.

Sooner Liquor in Oklahoma City will pay $25 for failure to timely renew
licenses.

Wild Horse Saloon in Tulsa will pay $150 for unlicensed employees.

Brothers Houligan in Tulsa will pay $150 for unlicensed employees and $150 for
failure to display employee licenses.

El Charro in Claremore will pay $150 for offering a happy hour.

Citations

The Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission has issued citations
to the following businesses.

El Charro in Claremore was cited for advertising a happy hour.

Fever Room in Tulsa was cited for failure to timely renew licenses.

Casa Laredo at the Farm in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks
during certain hours.

Copeland's Famous New Orleans Restaurant in Broken Arrow was cited for
advertising discounted drinks during certain hours.

Another Round in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks during
certain hours.

Garlic Rose 2 in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks during
certain hours.

Hibiscus in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks during certain
hours.

Chimi's Mexican Food #1 in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks
during certain hours.

Oscar's Gastro Pub in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks during
certain hours.

Chimi's Mexican Food #3 in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks
during certain hours.

Santino's in Tulsa was cited for advertising discounted drinks during certain
hours.

Hilton Garden Inn in Tulsa was cited for failure to maintain a designated bar
area and for unlicensed employees.

The following received warning citations from the ABLE Commission.

Applebee's in Tulsa was cited for unlicensed employees.

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Regulatory

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            March 5, 2014 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Comcast extends Net service for low-income families

BYLINE: By Bob Fernandez; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz Technology; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 547 words


Comcast Corp., facing federal and state government reviews of its proposed $45.2
billion deal for Time Warner Cable Inc., said Tuesday that it would indefinitely
continue a $9.95-a-month Internet service for low-income families with
schoolchildren.

The market-rate Xfinity Internet service from Comcast starts about $50 a month.

Comcast agreed to offer the discounted Internet service as a public-interest
benefit and a condition of its acquisition of NBCUniversal in 2011. The program
was scheduled to expire this June.

Comcast says that over the last three years, it provided 300,000 low-income
families with the discounted Internet service, including 9,000 in the
Philadelphia area.

If the Time Warner Cable deal is approved, Comcast's discounted Internet program
will be available in Time Warner Cable areas and 19 of the nation's 20 largest
metropolitan markets, Comcast executive David L. Cohen said in a conference call
Tuesday morning.

"It's just that important," Cohen said of the Internet program that seeks to
close the "digital divide." That refers to the gap between middle-class and
wealthier families with home access to high-speed Internet services and the
significant percentage of low-income families who lack it.

As part of Tuesday's announcement, Comcast is offering six months of free
Internet Essentials for eligible low-income families in Philadelphia and 19
other areas if they apply for the program in the next two weeks.

To qualify, the family must have at least one child in school in the federal
National School Lunch Program and live in a Comcast cable-TV service territory.

The family cannot have an overdue Comcast cable bill and could not have applied
for Comcast Internet service in the last 90 days.

Those seeking to register for the program need to apply for Internet Essentials
and be approved by March 18, the company said.

Cohen said Comcast would like to "blow the barn doors off" the program with the
special offer, which also is being made in Baltimore; Lee County, Fla.; San
Francisco; Stockton, Calif.; Adams County, Colo.; Atlanta; Aurora, Colo.;
Chicago; Cicero-Berwyn, Ill.; Collier County, Fla.; Denver; Elk Grove, Calif.;
Fresno, Calif.; Miami; Palm Beach, Fla.; Pasadena, Texas; Seattle; St. Paul,
Minn.; and Tacoma, Wash.

Comcast says that since 2011 it has spent $165 million in cash and in-kind
services, such as public service announcements, on Internet Essentials, and
offered the service in 30,000 schools in 39 states and Washington, D.C.

John Horrigan, a national expert in broadband adoption and a former official
with the Federal Communications Commission, said that 43 percent of households
with incomes below $25,000 a year lack Internet in their homes - a far higher
percentage than the overall population that lacks broadband Internet, 28 percent
of households.

Unlike cable TV, which is considered a luxury, public policy experts view the
Internet as a critical service for education, accessing health care, job
applications, and other functions. Some believe the service should be regulated
to make it more affordable.

As part of Internet Essentials, Comcast makes available a $150 Internet-ready
computer to a participating family and digital literacy classes.

bfernandez@phillynews.com

215-854-5897

@bobfernandez1


LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 15, 2014 Saturday

House OKs electric rate cut for big businesses, hike for others

BYLINE: Staci Matlock, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 769 words


Feb. 15--The House approved a bill Friday that lawmakers say will attract jobs
to New Mexico by giving larger businesses a discounted electricity rate but lets
utility companies recoup the money by charging more to families and small
businesses.

House Bill 296 would help New Mexico attract manufacturing jobs, increase the
tax base and put the state on par with 29 others that offer a reduced
electricity rate to manufacturers and other businesses, according to the bill's
sponsor, Rep. Antonio "Moe" Maestas, D-Albuquerque. "We just want to attract
businesses that we think are best for our economy, that hire in state and sell
out of state," Maestas said.

Some lawmakers, regulators and advocates say the bill is unfair by making
families and small-business customers pay more for electricity.

"We're obviously not against economic development, but the way the bill is
structured doesn't protect other ratepayers," said Liliana Castillo,
communications manager for Conservation Voters New Mexico. "We think the
intentions of the bill are good. We're not OK with the execution."

Only Public Service Company of New Mexico, the largest power utility in the
state, and El Paso Electric would be able to offer the discounted rate to
commercial customers. The bill allows the utilities to negotiate private
contracts with companies without limiting the size of the rate discount. There's
also no limit on how much residential and small-businesses customers will have
to pay to subsidize the discounted rate for larger businesses.

The bill does cap the amount of power the utilities can offer at a discounted
rate to 5 percent of the total retail power sold.

Maestas said the discounted rate for large businesses would cost other
ratepayers an estimated 0.2 cents more for every 600 kilowatt-hours used, or
about $3.24 a month, based on estimates.

But bill opponents say at this point, it is impossible to know exactly how much
more PNM and El Paso Electric customers will have to pay to subsidize a
discounted rate for large businesses.

The bill passed on a 47-17 vote. Rep. Jim Trujillo, D-Santa Fe, voted for the
bill, calling it "a wonderful tool" for attracting businesses.

Rep. Brian Egolf, D-Santa Fe, said it seemed like utilities could offer
incentives the way cable companies do -- without charging their other customers:
Hook new customers with a deep discount, and then charge them more when the
contract is renewed.

"Why is rate recovery necessary?" he asked during the floor debate. "Shouldn't
the utility bear the risk, instead of passing it to other customers?"

Public Regulation Commissioner Valerie Espinoza, who represents District 3,
including Santa Fe, said she is completely opposed to the bill because it limits
the commission's authority to protect customers in rate cases. The bill requires
the PRC to grant the discounted rate for a company without a public hearing and
within 30 days after a contract has been signed with a utility company.

"This is not a good bill for District 3 residential consumers and small
businesses who will be picking up the tab," Espinoza said. "Who in their right
minds would be against economic development? Certainly not me, but not if it is
at the expense of others."

Under the bill, a company will apply for a certificate from the state Economic
Development Department to get the reduced rate.

A company would qualify for the reduced electricity rate if it:

--Hires at least 20 people at salaries of $40,000 or higher.

--Commits to staying in the state for at least a decade. The company could only
get the reduced electricity rate for seven years.

--Uses at least 2 megawatts of electricity

--Has invested or will invest at least $5 million in fixed assets in New Mexico,
including machinery.

--Plans to sell at least 50 percent of its product out of state.

--Agrees to pay back all of its discount to the utility if it does not meet
obligations.

PNM's industrial electricity rates already are fairly low, ranking fifth out of
20 regional cities. "The issue isn't the rates, but rather the fact that we
cannot at this time offer an incentive as more than 44 utilities in 29 states
can," spokeswoman Valerie Smith said.

HB 296 only had to win approval in one House committee before reaching the House
floor. A similar Senate bill, SB 283, has been approved in two Senate committees
and moves next to Senate Judiciary.

Contact Staci Matlock at 986-3055 or smatlock@sfnewmexican.com Follow her on
Twitter @stacimatlock.

___ (c)2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140215-SF-House-OKs-electric-rate-cut-for-big-businesses-hike-for-others-0215-
20140215

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2014 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 2, 2012 Monday

Humane Society of El Paso offering discounted adoptions for July 4

BYLINE: Hayley Kappes, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 287 words


July 02--The Humane Society of El Paso will offer discounted dog and cat
adoptions in honor of Independence Day.

For cats and dogs four months and older, the adoption fee will be $60, which
includes age-appropriate shots, rabies vaccination and certificate, microchip
with local and national registration and spay or neuter surgery.

Normally, the adoption package costs $100 plus a $10 licensing fee for pets
older than 4 months, said Betty Hoover, executive director of the Humane Society
of El Paso, which is closed only three days out of the year.

Wednesday's discounted fee is "quite a good deal" for the services it includes
compared to what private veterinarians charge, Hoover said.

At private animal clinics, microchipping a pet costs

about $25 and vaccinations can run between $50 to $130 depending on the clinic,
Hoover said.

The Humane Society is packed with about 50 cats and kittens and more than 130
dogs available for adoption.

For holiday events, pet adoptions double to between 15 and 18 from the average
daily number, Hoover said.

Wednesday's event will offer free hot dogs and soda.

"I believe having discounted adoption rates on occasion helps draw people in,"
Hoover said. "On holidays, people are looking for things to do. It might be a
good time to let one of these pets into your life."

Hayley Kappes may be reached at hkappes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6168. Follow her on
Twitter @hayleykappes.

-- What: Humane Society of El Paso July 4 discounted pet adoption

-- When: 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday

-- Where: 4991 Fred Wilson Ave.

-- Information: 532-6971, hselpaso.org

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120702-EY-Humane-Society-of-El-Paso-offering-discounted
-adoptions-for-July-4-0702-20120702

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 19, 2007 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

BETTER THAN BUSH'S LET-THEM-EAT-CAKE

BYLINE: By Wayne Madsen Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Wayne Madsen guest column; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 639 words


WASHINGTON - Venezuela's President Hugo Chavez and American President Bush could
not be further opposites. While Bush, an oil family scion, incoherently blathers
on about the problems of highly priced gasoline and heating oil, his oil
industry friends rack up obscene profits.

Meanwhile, Chavez, the champion of his country's poor, delivers on his promises
by providing deeply discounted home-heating oil, through Venezuela's state-owned
Citgo, to low-income Americans.

Former U.S. Rep. Joseph Kennedy, D-Mass., the founder and president of Citizens
Energy Corp., a nonprofit energy firm, has arranged for the distribution of 40
percent discounted Venezuelan heating oil to poor households in America and has
praised both Citgo and Chavez.

Citgo's program has benefited poor families in Alaska, Connecticut, Delaware,
the District of Columbia, Indiana, Maine, Maryland, Massachusetts, Michigan, New
Jersey, New York, Rhode Island, Vermont, Virginia and Wisconsin; the cities of
Philadelphia and Pittsburgh; and 163 American Indian tribes in Alaska, Maine,
Minnesota and New York.

AFTER HURRICANES Katrina and Rita and the Bush administration's bungled recovery
efforts along the Gulf Coast, Chavez was already at the helm, steering free and
discounted fuel from Venezuela to the hardest hit areas of Louisiana,
Mississippi and Texas.

It should be clear to all thinking Americans that Chavez delivers and Bush does
not.

Chavez, who grew up poor, knows how people who have next to nothing suffer when
they lose even the basic necessities of life. Bush, who grew up with a silver
spoon in his mouth, cannot even begin to understand the plight of the poor,
especially where they are being victimized by Bush's friends in Big Oil - those
Bush has called the haves and the have mores.

Chavez and Kennedy are accused of using the discounted heating oil for America's
poor as a propaganda tool. However, the actual propaganda emanates from the Bush
White House, not the Miraflores Palace in Caracas.

Bush and his GOP allies, particularly those in Florida whose policies are
dictated by a wealthy right-wing Latin American elite in the Miami area, wasted
no time in attacking Chavez and Kennedy.

REP. CONNIE MACK, R-Fla., said Kennedy was supporting a "sworn enemy" of the
United States. Kennedy rightfully responded to the Mack attack, responding:
"Maybe the fact that you live in Florida diminishes your concern for those who
have to forgo food or medicine to pay for heat or turn to dangerous heating
sources to stay warm, risking their lives to brave the cold. ... If so, maybe
you could advocate that they move to your district to alleviate the need to
figure out ways to protect them." Mack represents the sun-bathed Fort Myers
area.

The joint venture between Kennedy and Chavez evoke memories of Joe Kennedy's
uncle, President John F. Kennedy, who created the Alliance for Progress, a
initiative for U.S.-Latin American cooperation to fight poverty and increase the
standard of living in Latin America. Unfortunately, the Alliance for Progress
represented a long-past Golden Age, in U.S.-Latin American relations.

Chavez and Joe Kennedy now jointly seek to help America's poor with Venezuela's
oil bounty. And all the Bush administration and the GOP can do is carp about it.

THE BUSH-CHENEY oil cartel finds it reprehensible that poor people receive a 40
percent discount on their heating oil. For them, it is outrageous that such a
program might eat into the grotesque profits of their oil industry pals.

What is monstrous is that Bush and Dick Cheney would sit idly by as America's
poor and elderly freeze to death in their homes because they cannot pay for
luxuriously-priced home-heating oil.

(Editor's note: Wayne Madsen is a contributing writer for the liberal Online
Journal (http://www.onlinejournal.com).)

McClatchy-Tribune Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: GUEST COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2007 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Balochistan Times (AsiaNet)

                          September 9, 2009 Wednesday

Discounted fares for USA by Etihad Airways

LENGTH: 262  words


Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab Emirates, is offering
discounted fares to Pakistani passengers travelling from Karachi, Lahore,
Islamabad and Peshawar to the airline's two US destinations, Chicago and New
York.

An announcement here on Wednesday said that this discount promotion marks two
major milestones for Etihad in 2009, namely the launch of Etihad's second US
destination, Chicago, and the codeshare agreement with American Airlines which
further gives Etihad passengers access to nine other US destinations, including
Dallas, Washington DC, Los Angeles and San Francisco on the West Coast.  Amer N.
Khan, Country Manager Etihad Airways Pakistan said that these  discounted fares
and interline packages provide real value for money to our Pakistan-based
customers at a time when many people will be looking for that special fare to
help them decide where they'll be travelling this year.

'Although many individuals and families living in the Pakistan may have already
booked their flights to US, the promotion offers others a late opportunity to
get away in September for a very special price', he added.

It was pointed out that this special offer is valid for sales from 8 to 23
September 2009 for travel between 12 and 23 September 2009. Etihad Airways is
also offering an additional 75 per cent discount for children on these fares.
Etihad Airways currently flies daily from Karachi, Lahore and Islamabad and
twice a week from Peshawar with onward connections to New York every day and
thrice a week to Chicago O'Hare International Airport.

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Balochistan Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             April 20, 2009 Monday

Airline provides travel privilege for members

SECTION: Pg. S2/6

LENGTH: 276 words


World's largest airline provides SkyMiles and WorldPerks members fastest track
to elite qualification

Delta Air Lines is offering SkyMiles and Northwest WorldPerks members up to
triple flown miles toward elite status on select fares purchased for travel
through June 15.

Members worldwide may purchase First, Business and premium Economy fares and
earn triple flown miles toward elite status, while members who purchase
discounted Economy fares will earn double flown miles toward elite status.

Members purchasing deeply discounted Economy fares will continue to earn the
actual flown miles toward elite status.

For example, a member flying roundtrip, nonstop between Tokyo and
Minneapolis/St. Paul will receive 11,900 Elite Qualifying Miles (EQM) - the
actual flown miles - on a deeply discounted Economy fare.

With this offer, a member purchasing a premium fare for the same itinerary will
earn 35,700 EQM and a member purchasing a discounted Economy fare will earn
23,800 EQM,.

SkyMiles/WorldPerks members who earn at least 25,000 Elite Qualification Miles
in one calendar year qualify for Medallion/Elite status, which enables them to
receive exclusive benefits including complimentary upgrades, priority boarding,
mileage bonuses, preferred seating and more.

"As the world's largest airline, not only do we fly customers to more than 300
destinations worldwide, we now offer WorldPerks and SkyMiles members the fastest
track to elite status," said Jeff Robertson, Delta's vice-president of Loyalty
Programs.

To participate in this offer, SkyMiles members must enroll at delta.com/elite,
and WorldPerks members can enroll at www.nwa.com/asia/en/offers/triple/.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                             April 20, 2009 Monday

Airline provides travel privilege for members

SECTION: Pg. S2/6

LENGTH: 276 words


World's largest airline provides SkyMiles and WorldPerks members fastest track
to elite qualification

Delta Air Lines is offering SkyMiles and Northwest WorldPerks members up to
triple flown miles toward elite status on select fares purchased for travel
through June 15.

Members worldwide may purchase First, Business and premium Economy fares and
earn triple flown miles toward elite status, while members who purchase
discounted Economy fares will earn double flown miles toward elite status.

Members purchasing deeply discounted Economy fares will continue to earn the
actual flown miles toward elite status.

For example, a member flying roundtrip, nonstop between Tokyo and
Minneapolis/St. Paul will receive 11,900 Elite Qualifying Miles (EQM) - the
actual flown miles - on a deeply discounted Economy fare.

With this offer, a member purchasing a premium fare for the same itinerary will
earn 35,700 EQM and a member purchasing a discounted Economy fare will earn
23,800 EQM,.

SkyMiles/WorldPerks members who earn at least 25,000 Elite Qualification Miles
in one calendar year qualify for Medallion/Elite status, which enables them to
receive exclusive benefits including complimentary upgrades, priority boarding,
mileage bonuses, preferred seating and more.

"As the world's largest airline, not only do we fly customers to more than 300
destinations worldwide, we now offer WorldPerks and SkyMiles members the fastest
track to elite status," said Jeff Robertson, Delta's vice-president of Loyalty
Programs.

To participate in this offer, SkyMiles members must enroll at delta.com/elite,
and WorldPerks members can enroll at www.nwa.com/asia/en/offers/triple/.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           January 27, 2011 Thursday

Commentary: Lot Lines: Discounted rates are fading away

BYLINE: Darren Currin

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 526  words


Tenants looking for commercial spaces at discounted rates may be running out of
time. One trend was quite clear in many of the Oklahoma City year-end market
reports: The recovery in the local market in 2010 will continue in 2011, causing
rental rates to further stabilize. Some owners of quality buildings are already
beginning to raise rates and are not being as generous with concessions. As a
result, the number of discounted rates in local office, retail and industrial
properties is dwindling.

A great illustration of this trend can be seen in the city's suburban office
market. In its year-end office report, Price Edwards & Co. reported that most of
the absorption in the office market came from Class A buildings in the northwest
submarket. That sector alone experienced a little more than 140,000 square feet
of absorption. This area, especially along the Memorial Road corridor, was hit
hard by the downturn as vacancy soared in several Class A buildings.
Consequently, landlords were forced to lower rates in order to backfill their
growing vacancies. As market conditions improved, tenants jumped on the chance
to lease some of the finest Class A space in town at a discount, resulting in a
tremendous amount of positive absorption last year.

Tenants seeking discounted Class A space in the northwest sector are having a
difficult time finding it; the substantial decrease in vacancy in this area has
caused landlords to quickly shore up rents. There are a few good deals left in
the market, but they will take some work to find and strong negotiation skills
to secure. In fact, there was very limited discounting in the downtown market
when it came to Class A and B rates during the downturn.

Even in the beleaguered retail market, discounted deals are becoming difficult
to find. Retailers seeking small to medium-sized spaces in highly occupied areas
like Memorial Road will most likely still pay close to full-priced rates as the
result of limited availability of Class A spaces. Landlords know this and remain
stingy when it comes to rates and concessions.

Most of the discounted spaces in the retail market can be found in large vacant
anchor spaces. There still remains a few of these spaces available such as the
former Circuit City stores. The good news is there are several national
retailers like Kohl's and Dick's Sporting Goods seeking to take advantage of
these large discounted spaces in 2011 in markets all over the country.

In the industrial sector, discounted rates are largely limited to older,
antiquated buildings that are having difficulties landing tenants due to their
aged condition, as well as large vacant manufacturing facilities. Xceligent's
data shows that the market experienced about 1 million square feet of absorption
in 2010, causing vacancy to decline below 9 percent. Because the market
experienced such a strong uptick in leasing activity, rates are expected to rise
in 2011, especially in smaller to midsized buildings that are currently most in
demand by tenants.

Darren Currin is the research director for Sperry Van Ness-William T. Strange &
Associates. He may be reached at (405) 476-0164 or dcurrin@cox.net

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 16, 2014 Monday

Minnesota: Twins offer free hat, discounted tickets through partnership with DNR

LENGTH: 206  words

DATELINE: Saint Paul


Department of Natural Resources, The State of Minnesota has issued the following
press release

Kids and adults who have a 2014 Minnesota hunting or fishing license can still
receive a free blaze orange and camouflage Twins logo baseball cap when they buy
a discounted Minnesota Twins ticket online.

The promotion, which started in May, includes the Thursday, June 19, game
against the Chicago White Sox. It continues on Saturday, Aug. 16, against the
Kansas City Royals; on Sunday, Sept. 7, against the Los Angeles Angels; and on
Saturday, Sept. 20, against the Cleveland Indians.

Discounted ticket prices are $16. Ticket buyers pick up their cap at the game.
Those who want to buy discount tickets should go online and enter the
transaction number, which is printed on the license. The DNR Twins Web page
provides ticket buying instructions and shows the location of the transaction
number.

A limited number of tickets are available for each game and will be reserved on
a first-come, first-served basis. The offer is available only through the DNR
Twins Web page.

Minnesota 2014 fishing and hunting licenses can be purchased and printed online
or from any DNR license agent.

For further information please visit: http://news.dnr.state.mn.us/

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    September 6, 2002 Friday CITY-D EDITION

Discounted rate for electricity will end for some

BYLINE: Wendy Tanaka Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: Pg. C01

LENGTH: 345 words


Peco Energy Co. has notified 19,000 residential customers that they may no
longer qualify for discounted electricity rates this winter if they are also
using other heating sources, such as natural gas.

The utility said it would set up appointments this fall to inspect some
customers' heating systems to determine whether they are being billed at the
appropriate rate. Customers who received a notice and wish to have their system
inspected to ensure that they continue getting the discounted rate need to send
Peco the enclosed postcard requesting an appointment. The postcards need to be
postmarked by Monday.

Inspections, however, will not guarantee the discounted rate.

In some cases, the company will be able to determine whether a customer is
eligible for the discounted rate without a site inspection, spokeswoman Cathy
Engel said.

Peco said customers eligible for the discounted R-H rate must have a
"permanently installed electric heating system as the primary source of heat."

The average monthly bill for an R-H customer who uses 1,200 kilowatt-hours of
electricity is $114.54 - about $39 less than for customers using the same amount
of electricity under the regular R rate, Peco said.

The discounted rate covers electricity usage from October through May.

Engel said that when Peco began installing automatic meter readers at customers'
homes, it discovered that some R-H customers were using other sources of energy
for heat.

So the company analyzed electricity usage patterns and sent notices to R-H
customers whose electricity usage suggested they might have another source of
heat. People who simply use less heat than average - who prefer to keep their
homes cooler, for instance - may have received notices even though they still
qualify for the R-H rate, Engel said.

The company plans to send notices to 15,000 more customers early next year.

All told, 160,000 of Peco's 1.3 million residential customers receive the
discounted rate every winter.

Contact Wendy Tanaka at 215-854-2752 or wtanaka@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            September 5, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

This week's best travel bargains around the globe

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F03

LENGTH: 925 words


This week's best travel bargains around the globe

lMore than two dozen hotels and resorts throughout Costa Rica are offering fall
specials. Promotions include half-price and free-night offers, discounted
cross-country packages, free breakfasts and discounted activities. For example,
Hotel Arenal Vista Lodge (011-506-2231-4947,
www.arenalvistalodge.com), near Arenal Volcano and Lake, is offering half off a
second night. Rooms start at $82 per night double, including taxes, so a
two-night stay costs $123. Travel by Nov. 30 for the promotion. A list of offers
is available from Costa Rica Tourism Board: 866-267-8274,
www.visitcostarica.com.

lThe Naples Beach Hotel & Golf Club in southwest Florida has discounted its fall
rates. Rooms start at $119 per night Sunday-Thursday and $139 Friday and
Saturday; normal rate is $235. Add $12 to $14 per night in taxes. Deal includes
free parking and other perks. Additionally, with the special offer, guests who
stay three nights receive a fourth night free. Stay through Dec. 23. Info:
800-237-7600,

www.naplesbeachhotel.com.

l Smithsonian Journeys, the Smithsonian Institution's travel program, has
discounted its luxury fall foliage cruise to Canada. The Canada's Maritime
Provinces and Coastal Maine trip starts at $6,995 per              person double
(including taxes), a savings of $3,000. Add a $29 Smithsonian membership fee per
household. The 100-passenger Clelia II sails from St. John's, Newfoundland, to
Gloucester, Mass., stopping in Canada's Newfoundland and Nova Scotia and Maine's
Bar Harbor and Portland. Cost includes an on-board study leader and
archaeologist, local guides, most meals, open bar, tours and shore excursions,
and emergency evacuation insurance. Airfare is not included. Book by Sept. 20;
travel Oct. 4-14. Info: 877-338-8687,

www.SmithsonianJourneys.org/CanadaMaritimes             .

l Air France has a sale on its Premium Voyageur seats, which offer 40 percent
more room than coach. One-way fares from Washington to Paris are $630, down from
$908; total round-trip fare, with taxes, is $1,376. Book by Sept. 9 for travel
Oct. 29-Dec. 13 and Dec. 25-March 31. Info: 800-237-2747,
www.airfrance.us             .

lWith China Spree, visit Beijing, Xian and Shanghai in November starting at
$1,812 per person double. Cost for the 10-day trip includes round-trip air from
Washington on China Air; superior first-class hotel accommodations; 16 meals,
including daily American breakfast; guided sightseeing and admissions; some
evening entertainment; and local transportation. Cost is $200 less if you pay by
check or money order. Booked separately, airfare costs about $1,270 and hotels
about $930. Add $170 for a Chinese visa and processing fee. Info: 866-652-5656,

www.chinaspree.com             .

lMore than two dozen hotels and resorts throughout Costa Rica are offering fall
specials. Promotions include half-price and free-night offers, discounted
cross-country packages, free breakfasts and discounted activities. For example,
Hotel Arenal Vista Lodge (011-506-2231-4947,
www.arenalvistalodge.com), near Arenal Volcano and Lake, is offering half off a
second night. Rooms start at $82 per night double, including taxes, so a
two-night stay costs $123. Travel by Nov. 30 for the promotion. A list of offers
is available from Costa Rica Tourism Board: 866-267-8274,
www.visitcostarica.com.

lThe Naples Beach Hotel & Golf Club in southwest Florida has discounted its fall
rates. Rooms start at $119 per night Sunday-Thursday and $139 Friday and
Saturday; normal rate is $235. Add $12 to $14 per night in taxes. Deal includes
free parking and other perks. Additionally, with the special offer, guests who
stay three nights receive a fourth night free. Stay through Dec. 23. Info:
800-237-7600,

www.naplesbeachhotel.com.

l Smithsonian Journeys, the Smithsonian Institution's travel program, has
discounted its luxury fall foliage cruise to Canada. The Canada's Maritime
Provinces and Coastal Maine trip starts at $6,995 per              person double
(including taxes), a savings of $3,000. Add a $29 Smithsonian membership fee per
household. The 100-passenger Clelia II sails from St. John's, Newfoundland, to
Gloucester, Mass., stopping in Canada's Newfoundland and Nova Scotia and Maine's
Bar Harbor and Portland. Cost includes an on-board study leader and
archaeologist, local guides, most meals, open bar, tours and shore excursions,
and emergency evacuation insurance. Airfare is not included. Book by Sept. 20;
travel Oct. 4-14. Info: 877-338-8687,

www.SmithsonianJourneys.org/CanadaMaritimes             .

l Air France has a sale on its Premium Voyageur seats, which offer 40 percent
more room than coach. One-way fares from Washington to Paris are $630, down from
$908; total round-trip fare, with taxes, is $1,376. Book by Sept. 9 for travel
Oct. 29-Dec. 13 and Dec. 25-March 31. Info: 800-237-2747,
www.airfrance.us             .

lWith China Spree, visit Beijing, Xian and Shanghai in November starting at
$1,812 per person double. Cost for the 10-day trip includes round-trip air from
Washington on China Air; superior first-class hotel accommodations; 16 meals,
including daily American breakfast; guided sightseeing and admissions; some
evening entertainment; and local transportation. Cost is $200 less if you pay by
check or money order. Booked separately, airfare costs about $1,270 and hotels
about $930. Add $170 for a Chinese visa and processing fee. Info: 866-652-5656,

www.chinaspree.com             .

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                January 29, 1990

AT&T's Tariff 16 moves forward; fate of Tariff 15 still uncertain;
Carrier continues case-by-case battle for custom net deals.

BYLINE: By Anita Taff, Washington Bureau Chief

SECTION: TELECOMMUNICATIONS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 376 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, D.C.


AT&T has taken one step forward and one step backward on the road to obtaining
Federal Communications Commission approval for custom network deals.

After several delays, AT&T finally received approval last week to offer a Tariff
16 deal providing discounted 800 and switched international service to the
Commonwealth of Pennsylvania. That decision followed on the heels of the FCC's
decision to suspend AT&T's proposed Tariff 15 deal for Resorts Condominium
International.

The Tariff 16 offer for Pennsylvania's state government offices, dubbed
Government Outbound, was filed last October and was scheduled to take effect
Dec. 7.  The offer was delayed several times as rivals protested the deal.

Michigan gets Tariff 16 deal

Earlier this month, AT&T was also allowed to proceed with a Tariff 16 deal for
the state of Michigan, which will enable the state to aggregate traffic from
unrelated state universities and government offices on a single Software-Defined
Network (SDN) so that they can qualify for volume discounts.

AT&T also got the go-ahead for a Tariff 16 deal offering discounted 800 service
to the U.S. Army Personnel Department in St. Louis.

AT&T has not fared as well with its Tariff 15 offers, however. In addition to
suspending the Resorts Condominium International deal for five months while it
explores potential legal problems with the proposal, AT&T is also battling to
have the FCC reconsider its decision rejecting the earlier Tariff 15 offer it
made to Holiday Corp.

AT&T proposed to offer discounted rates on Pro America II to Holiday, reportedly
in response to a similar discounted offer from MCI Communications Corp.

Last week, AT&T filed the last necessary papers in its bid to have the FCC
reopen that decision. The FCC ruled earlier that MCI's deal was available to
other customers, but that AT&T's discounted deal had been targeted exclusively
at Holiday. That was unlawfully discriminatory, the agency said.

AT&T is now providing SDN service to Holiday at standard tariffed rates.
However, the carrier still wants to offer the discounted service to Holiday, so
it has proposed to modify its tariff. AT&T said it would offer the Holiday deal
to other customers that could meet the same terms and conditions.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1990, Network World, Inc.


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                            August 11, 2009 Tuesday

Airline offers discounted fares for USA

LENGTH: 242  words

DATELINE: KARACHI


KARACHI, Sept. 11 -- Etihad Airways, the national airline of the United Arab
Emirates, is offering discounted fares to Pakistani passengers travelling from
Karachi, Lahore, Islamabad and Peshawar to the airline's two US destinations,
Chicago and New York.An announcement here on Wednesday said that this discount
promotion marks two major milestones for Etihad in 2009, namely the launch of
Etihad's second US destination, Chicago, and the code share agreement with
American Airlines which further gives Etihad passengers access to nine other US
destinations, including Dallas, Washington DC, Los Angeles and San Francisco on
the West Coast.Amer N Khan, Country Manager Etihad Airways Pakistan said that
these discounted fares and interline packages provide real value for money to
our Pakistan-based customers at a time when many people will be looking for that
special fare to help them decide where they'll be travelling this year.Although
many individuals and families living in the Pakistan may have already booked
their flights to US, the promotion offers others a late opportunity to get away
in September for a very special price, he added.It was pointed out that this
special offer is valid for sales from 8 to 23 September 2009 for travel between
12 and 23 September 2009. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Right
Vision News. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Automobile News

                       August 30, 2013 Friday 6:30 AM EST

Centris Insurance: Discounted Auto Insurance Quotes in California, Florida and
Texas Now Available at Centris Insurance

LENGTH: 226  words


New Delhi, Aug. 30 -- Centris Insurance, provider of discounted auto insurance
quotes, announces new quotes are now available in California, Florida and Texas.
Customers can research quotes and compare providers with no obligations or
strings attached just by entering their zipcode on the site. Centris Insurance
is celebrating this new availability by offering discounts on policies up to 30
percent off to qualified drivers until the end of September 2013.



Headquartered in San Francisco, CA, Centris Insurance works with an array of car
insurance companies that now represent every state in the U.S. Customers can now
receive discounted auto insurance quotes from anywhere in the nation. The online
portal and quote tool is available 24 hours a day, seven days a week for quick
and easy searching. With excellent customer service and support, the company
strives to provide its customers with money and time-saving help and for their
auto insurance needs.

"Standing by our commitment to help customers save money on their car insurance
has been and will continue to be the reason we exist," according to an article
on the site. "We provide you with unbiased advice and independent auto insurance
quotes online from a large number of insurance providers to ensure you get
quality car insurance coverage and still save money in this difficult economic
climate."

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Discounted tickets to UNO men's basketball

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

Discounted tickets to UNO men's basketball
Ralston Arena
7300 Q St., Ralston, NE

Thursday, February 19, 2015

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the UNO Mavericks men's basketball team battle
Oral Roberts University. Tickets are discounted to $10 for best available
seating. In addition, an hour before tip-off, hot dogs, beer and beverages will
be only $1.

The Mavs play Thursday, Feb. 19 at 7 p.m. at the Ralston Arena, 7300 Q St.

Get discount tickets here: http://tinyurl.com/n2o4vhy

The promo code is BEATORU (case sensitive).

If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account, select your seat, then print
tickets from your own computer.

Contact Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office at (402) 554-4993 or email
jsutherland@unomaha.edu with questions.


Contact Info
Kacie Gerard
kgerard@unmc.edu
(402) 559-4319


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 28, 2006 Tuesday

Twins E-Saver offers discounted tickets

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 6D

LENGTH: 294 words


The Minnesota Twins announced the return of the Twins E-Saver, a popular online
ticket promotion offering weekly discounts on Twins tickets for the 2006 regular
season. The first Twins E-Saver features a lower-priced reserved ticket of $18
(regularly priced at $26) for the April 12 game against the Oakland A's. The
discounted price is valid through Sunday and available only at
www.twinsbaseball.com. Every Monday, fans can find a new Twins E-Saver ticket
promotion at that Web address. A different game and seating location will be
selected each week. Upcoming April and May deals include discounted tickets
against the New York Yankees, Los Angeles Angels of Anaheim, Seattle Mariners,
Detroit Tigers and 2005 World Series champion Chicago White Sox.

St. Paul's Okposo, Stalock win USHL honors

St. Paul's Kyle Okposo and Alex Stalock were among the winners of the United
States Hockey League's year-end awards, picked by league coaches and presidents.
Okposo was selected rookie of the year after scoring 27 goals among 58 points in
50 games for the Des Moines Buccaneers. The 17-year-old forward, a University of
Minnesota recruit, also was picked to the All-USHL first team. Stalock, who
plays for the Cedar Rapids RoughRiders, was chosen the league's goaltender of
the year. The San Jose Sharks draft pick posted a league-high 28 wins and
league-best .931 save percentage. Stalock, a Minnesota-Duluth recruit, also had
a 2.54 goals-against average. Other award winners were Des Moines forwardTrevor
Lewis, a Michigan recruit who was picked as the best forward and the best
player; Omaha's Nick Schaus as defenseman of the year; Sioux Falls' Kevin
Hartzell as coach of the year; Des Moines' Regg Simon as best general manager;
and Sioux Falls as best organization.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 24, 2004 Monday

SILVER TARNISHED IN CAR-RENT SCANDAL

BYLINE: FREDRIC U. DICKER State Editor

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 678 words


ALBANY - Car-rental giant Avis repeatedly gave Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver
special discounts while it was lobbying the Legislature to change industry laws,
The Post has learned.

Secret testimony and records provided by a top Avis official to the State
Lobbying Commission show that Avis - which brags, "We try harder" - also gave
special discounts to other key lawmakers, their aides and spouses.

Robert Muhs, Avis' director of governmental affairs, told the commission that
Silver and the others were given discounts not generally available so they would
remember that "Avis assisted them."

At the time, Avis and other rental-car companies were spending big bucks
lobbying the Legislature to shift responsibility for auto-collision damage
insurance from themselves to the renters.

The law passed in 2002.

The records obtained by The Post were gathered as part of a lobbying-commission
investigation in 2002, which resulted in a $15,000 fine against Avis for failing
to fully disclose its lobbying costs.

The special discounts - worth at least $340 in Silver's case - were granted at
the direction of Avis' lobbyists at the Capitol, including Patricia Lynch, once
a top Silver aide, the testimony shows.

Lawmakers are prohibited from accepting gifts worth more than $75 and companies
are not allowed to make such gifts.

Avis discounts also went to Assembly Majority Leader Paul Tokasz (D-Buffalo),
Ways and Means Committee Chairman Herman "Denny" Farrell and Keith Wright (both
Manhattan Democrats) as well as Sens. Michael Balboni and Charles Fuschillo,
Nassau Republicans, the records show.

In Miami, the rental agency provided a discounted car to Silver's then-powerful
chief counsel, Michael Boxley, who pleaded guilty to sexual assault late last
year.

Silver came under fire earlier this year after The Post disclosed he had
accepted a discounted Las Vegas hotel suite from a company seeking to do
business in New York.

In the car-rental case, the records show:

* Silver received 30 percent discounts and automatic car "upgrades" six times
between December 2000 and February 2002.

* Tokasz, Silver's top aide, got discounts in San Francisco and Denver.

* Farrell, chairman of both the state and Manhattan Democratic Committees, got a
discounted Cadillac in Fort Lauderdale.

* Wright, then-chairman of the Black and Puerto Rican Legislative Caucus,
received three discounted Avis vehicles for use around Manhattan for up to a
week.

* Balboni, a possible 2006 GOP candidate for attorney general, drove more than
8,000 miles over 15 days in 1999 and was charged only $469.37.

He also drove a rental car to and from Florida, in November 2001, after telling
a company official he didn't want to fly in the wake of the 9/11 attacks.

Balboni was charged $350 for the two weeks.

* Lisa Wright, wife of Sen. James Wright (R-Watertown,) was also given a
discount.

Silver and a spokesman for the Assembly's Democrats did not return repeated
calls yesterday.

A spokesman for the GOP-controlled Senate, said in the cases of Balboni and
Fuschillo, "a request was made for rentals, they were provided, and they paid
whatever the rate was at the time."

The Post got the records after they were subpoenaed by lawyers for former state
Labor Commissioner James McGowan, who's on trial for allegedly steering
driver-education funds to a friend's companies. A witness against McGowan is
former Avis lobbyist Ronald Harnisch.

----

Road log

* Company name: Avis

* Description: The world's second-largest car rental company

* Official slogan: "We try harder."

* Current lobbyists: Patricia Lynch, $5,000 a month, Alfonse D'Amato, $5,000 a
month

* Rental charges to Speaker Sheldon Silver:

Dec. 19-21, 2000: Miami/Ft.Lauderdale: $119.81

Feb. 19-22, 2001: Buffalo/Rochester: $130.13

July 3-4, 2001: Los Angeles: $68.82

Nov. 13-14, 2001: Rochester/Albany: $48.14

Dec. 31, 2001-Jan. 2, 2002: Miami Beach, $89.60

Feb. 18-21, 2002: Ft. Lauderdale, $133.93

* Avis official testified under oath in 2002 that Silver received a special 30
percent discount, plus vehicle upgrades worth $5 per day.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver  [Alan Solomon]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2004 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

                               Discounted Cruises

                              4644 N University Dr
                             Lauderhill,  FL 33351
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 800-627-8468
URL: http://www.discounted-cruises.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 9342520

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Micro (1-20 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
Discounted Cruises is a supplier focussed on Crystal, and 1 other Product &
Service categories tracked by NetWise Data. Discounted Cruises does business in
the Agriculture, Architecture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 16 other
major Manufacturing Industries. The company describes itself via it's website
thusly: "Discounted Cruises specializes in finding the very best deals for our
customers. We have special deep discounts from Carnival, Royal Caribbean,
Celebrity and all other Major Cruise Lines. First timer, experienced cruiser,
seasoned shipmate or last minute cruise shopper, we take the hassle out of your
cruising vacation. Compare our prices, request a quote, save now and sail
tomorrow."
INDUSTRY TYPE: supplier; Consumer Services

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Crystal


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Agriculture
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Biomedical
     ·    Computers
     ·    Construction
     ·    Consumer Electronics
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Environmental
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Machining
     ·    Marine
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Toys & Hobbies
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Columbium
     ·    Gold
     ·    Granite
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Marble
     ·    Mercury
     ·    Platinum
     ·    Silver


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Airboats, Backdrops, Balconies, Barrels, Basketballs, Beds,
Belts, Boats, Brochures, Bulbs, Can Handles, Canopies, Canvas, Capes, Chairs,
Channels, Charms, Coffees, Collectors, Columbium, Computer Systems,
Cornerstones, Credit Cards, Crystal, Decks, Desks, Dishes, Elements, Feet,
Footballs, Games, Globes, Gold, Granite, Grasses, Grilles, Guides, Helicopters,
Horns, Ice, Indium, Jerseys, Leather, Lenses, Lights, Looms, Marble, Mascots,
Mechanisms, Mercury, Mugs, Nameplates, Nets, Overalls, Palettes, Pearls, Pianos,
Pictures, Platinum, Posts, Prisms, Reception Desks, Registers, Rings, Rounds,
Sailboats, Samplers, Seating, Seats, Shuffleboards, Silver, Skis, Spas, Special
Tools, Spices, Springs, Tables, Teas, Telephones, Tents, Torches, Towers,
Vessels, Volleyballs, Wedges, Wooden Toys, Yachts

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Valley Times

                       June 8, 2004 Tuesday FINAL EDITION

ALAMEDA COUNTY FAIR TICKETS DISCOUNTED FOR ADVANCE SALES;
THOSE BUYING TICKETS THROUGH JUNE 24 WILL GET A 33 PERCENT PRICE BREAK

BYLINE: CHRIS METINKO,, TIMES STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A03

LENGTH: 327 words


The early bird to the Alameda County Fair ticket window gets the good deals.

Fair tickets will be discounted up to 33 percent through June 24; the fair
begins June 25.

Discounted tickets for the fair, which runs through July 11 this year, can be
purchased online at www.AlamedaCountyFair.com or at any of the many ticket
outlets throughout Alameda and Contra Costa counties.

Outlets include selected Longs Drugs and Raley's/Nob Hill Foods stores; the
Castro Valley Chamber of Commerce; Bank of the West; Dublin Elementary Job's
Daughters; Nielsen Elementary School in Dublin; American HS PTA Class of '05;
Washington Hospital in Fremont; Hayward Area Recreation and Park District and
South Gate Elementary in Hayward; Alden Lane Nursery in Livermore, Arroyo Seco
Elementary in Livermore and Dom's Outdoor Outfitters in Livermore.

Other outlets include Jackson Avenue Elementary, Joe Michell School and Junction
Avenue Middle School, all in Livermore; LFS/Time Zone; members of the Livermore
Eagles Soccer Team; Sandia California Lab in Livermore; Security Eye Patrol in
Livermore; South Bay School of Music Arts in Milpitas; Cub Scout Pack No. 374 in
Newark; Operation Dignity and Greater Desire Ministries in Oakland.

Tickets are also available at Bank of Walnut Creek branches in various cities;
the Chevron station on Santa Rita Road in Pleasanton, the Child Day School[SMR7]
in Pleasanton; Fairlands Elementary, Hearst Elementary and Pleasanton Middle
School PFA, all in Pleasanton; from members of the Stoneridge Water Polo Girls
Team; at the offices of Sun-Maid Growers in Pleasanton; various Walgreens and
Wal-Mart stores (including Tracy and Union City); Western Garden Center in
Pleasanton; the Sports Association of Alameda County Deputy Sheriffs in San
Lorenzo; and ADP in San Ramon.

Adult tickets will be discounted to $6 from $9 general admission; seniors $5
from $7; and kids ages 6 to 12 $4 from $6.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Breakout-Discounts available on fair tickets
Tickets to the Alameda County Fair will be discounted up to 33 percent through
June 24; the fair begins June 25 and continues through July 11.
Discounted tickets for the fair can be purchased online at
www.AlamedaCountyFair.com, or at any of the many ticket outlets throughout
Alameda and Contra Costa counties.
Adult tickets will be discounted to $6 from $9 general admission; seniors $5
from $7; and kids ages 6 to 12 $4 from $6.

                       Copyright 2004 Contra Costa Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              May 3, 2005 Tuesday

-POST CHARGES AHEAD - NEWS FALLS IN KEY CIRCULATION CATEGORY (M) -N.Y. POST PUTS
NEWS BEHIND (S, LCF)

BYLINE: KEITH J. KELLY

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 480 words


The field of battle has tilted in Gotham's newspaper circulation wars.

For the first time, The Post is selling more non-discounted copies on weekdays
than the Daily News, according to unaudited publishers' statements released
yesterday by the Audit Bureau of Circulations.

In the latest tally, The Post sold 626,137 non-discounted copies a day between
Monday and Friday while the News sold only 616,568 non-discounted copies a day.

The bureau counts in this category any single copies that sold for greater than
50 percent of the cover price.

In total paid circulation, The Post was up less than one percent to 678,086 a
day during the week. The News total paid circulation dropped 1.5 percent, or
11,515 copies, to 735,536.

The total slump in the News circulation would have been even greater if it were
not for the bulk and discounted copies, which now account for 118,968 copies a
day.

The Post has only about 51,949 discounted and bulk copies a day - less than half
as many copies as the News.

According to the breakdown released by ABC, the News sold about 36,502 copies a
day for between 25 percent and 50 percent of the normal cover price of 50 cents,
while bulk sales stood at 82,466 copies a day.

Meanwhile, the city's newest daily paper, the two-year-old New York Sun, has
apparently taken a voluntary temporary suspension from the bureau, effective
April 4, according to an ABC spokesman.

The Sun had been crowing about its rapid increase in paid circulation last year,
but apparently ran into problems documenting the gains in the latest round of
audits of New York City papers.

The increase for The Post comes against a gloomy backdrop for many papers
nationally. Among the top 20 papers, 12 posted declines of at least 1.5 percent
and three top players - the Chicago Tribune, the Los Angeles Times and the San
Francisco Chronicle - plunged more than 6 percent.

USA Today remains the king of the hill with total paid daily circulation of
2,281,831, up less than one percent from a year ago.

The No. 2 paper, the Wall Street Journal, held its ground but slipped 0.8
percent to 2,070,498 copies. The third place New York Times showed a 0.24
percent increase to 1,136,433.

Meanwhile, Tribune Co.'s Long Island daily, Newsday, is still under official
"censure" due to the circulation-pumping scandal unearthed last year when it was
found to be inflating its daily circulation by 100,000 copies a day.

---

Top 10

Daily circulation figures:

USA Today: Up 0.05%

Wall Street Journal: Down 0.8%

New York Times: Up 0.24%

Los Angeles Times: Down 6.5%

Washington Post: Down 2.7%

New York Daily News: Down 1.5%

New York Post: Up 0.00011%

Chicago Tribune: Down 6.6%

Houston Chronicle: Down 3.9%

San Francisco Chronicle: Down 6.1%

Newsday, Chicago Sun-Times and Dallas Morning News were censured from this
year's report due to circulation scandals

Source: Audit Bureau

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday

Discounted fares can be found in first-class

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: TRAVEL

LENGTH: 419 words


Q: Is there such a thing as bargain first-class airfares? If so, how do I find
them? -- B.B. Hickman, Livermore

A: There definitely are ways to get discounted tickets in first and business
class, and you can save a lot ... but it doesn't mean they're cheap.

Online, check out Airawards.com and Executiveclasstravel.com, two sites that
sell discounted first- and business-class tickets to business and leisure
travelers. You can save up to 60 percent off published fares, said Terri Gay of
Pasadena-based Airawards.com, but you'll have to call each site or fill out a
request form to get a specific rate.

One sample fare that caught our eye on Executiveclasstravel.com: San Francisco
to Paris in business class for $2,795 round trip; the best price we found online
was $4,706 on business class.

Some airlines, such as US Airways, allow you to upgrade when you check in at
their kiosks, sometimes for as little as $50 per flight. And American Airlines
(www.aa.com) now has a feature on its Web site that allows consumers to find
coach tickets that come with instant upgrades. When searching for fares, click
on the option that says "Search by price and schedule." First-class seats are
sometimes cheaper than fully refundable fares.

If you're traveling from San Francisco to New York, Virgin America has
first-class fares on its new planes for as little as $449 each way if you book
far enough in advance.

Q: My son is going to visit Costa Rica. How safe is it? What precautions should
he take?

A: Costa Rica is not a particularly dangerous country to visit, at least as far
as terrorism or violent demonstrations go.

But, as in most countries, crime exists and travelers should exercise caution.
According to the U.S. State Department's Web site, http://www.travel.state.gov ,
theft is common, especially on public transportation, so visitors should always
secure their belongings and not leave personal items in rental cars. Americans
should also avoid areas where there are concentrations of bars and nightclubs,
especially at night, and stay in hotels outside the San Jose city center; the
U.S. Embassy puts its guests in larger hotels in the suburbs.

Your son should make sure his passport does not expire within 30 days of his
arrival in the country. It should also be in good condition; he could be denied
entry if it's damaged in any way. And because passport theft is fairly common,
he should carry a copy and leave the original in a hotel safe.

Have a question? Contact Michael Martinez at travelqa@mercurynews.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Discounted tickets to UNO men's basketball

LENGTH: 176  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

Discounted tickets to UNO men's basketball
Ralston Arena
7300 Q St., Ralston, NE

Thursday, February 19, 2015

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the UNO Mavericks men's basketball team battle
Oral Roberts University. Tickets are discounted to $10 for best available
seating. In addition, an hour before tip-off, hot dogs, beer and beverages will
be only $1.

The Mavs play Thursday, Feb. 19 at 7 p.m. at the Ralston Arena, 7300 Q St.

Get discount tickets here: http://tinyurl.com/n2o4vhy

The promo code is BEATORU (case sensitive).

If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account, select your seat, then print
tickets from your own computer.

Contact Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office at (402) 554-4993 or email
jsutherland@unomaha.edu with questions.


Contact Info
Kacie Gerard
kgerard@unmc.edu
(402) 559-4319


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Sales Tax on Discounted Items

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future I plan on re-introducing HB 747 of 2015; legislation
amending Article II of the Tax Reform Code of 1971 regarding the taxable portion
of the purchase price of an item. The legislation will clarify a confusing point
of legislation; specifically, what amount is considered taxable when applying a
coupon or discount when purchasing an item.





 Currently, there is some level of discrepancy when a taxable item is purchased
with a coupon or at a discounted rate. Sometimes the sales tax of an item bought
at a discount will not always be levied at the discounted purchase price. In
order for the sales tax to be levied at the discounted purchase price both the
item and the receipt must be indicated on the cash register tape. My legislation
would mandate that sales tax only be imposed on the portion remaining after a
discount or coupon is applied regardless of whether the coupon or discount is
separately stated on the cash register tape.



 In these difficult economic times, this legislation could return much needed
dollars to the pockets of hard-working Pennsylvanians. I invite you to
co-sponsor this legislation. Thank you.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 3, 2017 Friday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Sales Tax on Discounted Items

LENGTH: 225  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 In the near future I plan on re-introducing HB 747 of 2015; legislation
amending Article II of the Tax Reform Code of 1971 regarding the taxable portion
of the purchase price of an item. The legislation will clarify a confusing point
of legislation; specifically, what amount is considered taxable when applying a
coupon or discount when purchasing an item.





 Currently, there is some level of discrepancy when a taxable item is purchased
with a coupon or at a discounted rate. Sometimes the sales tax of an item bought
at a discount will not always be levied at the discounted purchase price. In
order for the sales tax to be levied at the discounted purchase price both the
item and the receipt must be indicated on the cash register tape. My legislation
would mandate that sales tax only be imposed on the portion remaining after a
discount or coupon is applied regardless of whether the coupon or discount is
separately stated on the cash register tape.



 In these difficult economic times, this legislation could return much needed
dollars to the pockets of hard-working Pennsylvanians. I invite you to
co-sponsor this legislation. Thank you.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

UNO offers hockey ticket discount for weekend

LENGTH: 153  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the 13th-ranked UNO Mavericks hockey team battle
conference foe Minnesota-Duluth, currently ranked eighth in the U.S. college
hockey rankings.

The games will be held at 7:37 p.m. Friday and 7:07 p.m. Saturday. Discounted
tickets are $15 in the lower bowl and $10 in the upper bowl

To purchase your discounted seats: click here.

Use the promo code: UNMC, which is case sensitive, to receive the discounted
price.

It may be necessary to create a Ticketmaster account to purchase seats, and
tickets can be printed from your own computer.

With any questions, feel free to call Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office
at (402) 554-4993.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

UNO offers hockey ticket discount for weekend

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:


UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the 13th-ranked UNO Mavericks hockey team battle
conference foe Minnesota-Duluth, currently ranked eighth in the U.S. college
hockey rankings.

The games will be held at 7:37 p.m. Friday and 7:07 p.m. Saturday. Discounted
tickets are $15 in the lower bowl and $10 in the upper bowl

To purchase your discounted seats: click here.

Use the promo code: UNMC, which is case sensitive, to receive the discounted
price.

It may be necessary to create a Ticketmaster account to purchase seats, and
tickets can be printed from your own computer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2013 Monday

USPTO Published Patent application of YAHOO! INC. titled as "GENERATING A DEAL
SCORE TO INDICATE A RELATIVE VALUE OF AN OFFER"

LENGTH: 272  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20130268328, published on October 10, 2013, by YAHOO! INC., titled as
"GENERATING A DEAL SCORE TO INDICATE A RELATIVE VALUE OF AN OFFER" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors: Kurapati; Kaushal; (Cupertino, CA) ; Dayal; Amit; (Bangalore, IN) ;
Balusamy; Durai V.; (San Ramon, CA)
Assignee: YAHOO! INC.
Sunnyvale
CA

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office:
"Techniques are described herein for generating a deal score to indicate a
relative value of an offer for a commerce element. In one example, the deal
score for a particular offer is based on a difference between a discounted price
specified by the particular offer and an average of discounted price(s)
specified by other offer(s). If the difference reaches a threshold, then a
relatively high deal score is generated. Otherwise, a relatively low deal score
is generated. In another example, the deal score is based on a difference
between an intermediate value and the discounted price specified by the present
offer. The intermediate value may be provided by combining discounted price(s)
specified by other offer(s) and the non-discounted price of the commerce element
being offered. If the difference reaches a threshold, then a relatively high
deal score is generated. Otherwise, a relatively low deal score is generated."

The Patent was filed on April 9, 2012 under application No. 20130268328

For more information please visit: http://www.uspto.gov/. In case of any query
regarding this article or other content needs please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 20, 2016 Wednesday

Idaho: Fish and Game discounts nonresident elk tags sold as second tags

LENGTH: 616  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Elk hunters can double their hunting opportunity at a discount in August by
buying a second tag to extend their season and have a chance to harvest two elk.





 Starting Aug. 1, Fish and Game is offering nonresident elk tags for $299 when
purchased as a second tag (plus $1.75 vendor fee), which is discounted from the
regular price of $416. It will return to the regular price on Sept. 1.



 Elk, Southwest Region, Idaho



 Second deer tags will not be discounted this year due to high demand, but will
still be available as second tags for $301.75 while supplies last.



 The second-tag program has been popular with hunters. For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 Starting 2014, Fish and Game discounted the second tags, but due to popularity
and growing demand, only elk tags will be discounted this year, and only during
August.

 second tag?



 A. Any hunter, no matter where they live, who has purchased a hunting license
and a 2016 deer or elk tag starting August 1.



 Q. Can I buy a second deer tag?



 A. Yes, but second deer tags will not be discounted this year due to high
demand. Deer tags will still be available as second tags for $300* while
supplies last.



 Q. Can I buy a second elk tag?



 A. Yes. Second elk tags will be discounted to $299* this year during the month
of August. Starting September, any remaining tags will return to the regular
nonresident price of $415*.



 Q. How many tags are there?



 A. Supplies are limited to the available nonresident tag quota [LINK], which is
12,815 for elk and 15,500 for deer.



  Q. Where can I use my second deer tag?



 A. Deer tags can be used in any general hunt in the state for the selected
species within their seasons.



 Q. Where can I use my second elk tag?



 A. When hunting elk in Idaho, you must hunt within the zone and season for
which each tag is designated.



 Q. Can I use a second elk tag in a different elk zone than my first tag?



 A. Yes.



 Q. Can I use a second tag in a capped elk zone?



 A. Yes, as long as there are still nonresident tags available for that zone at
the time you purchase a second tag. You must designate the zone for the hunt
where the second tag will be used.



 Q. If my first deer tag is a regular tag, can my second tag be a white-tailed
tag?



 A. Yes, and vice versa. Or they can both be the same type of deer tag.



 Q. Can my second tag be a controlled hunt?



 A. No. Second tags are available as "over-the counter" general hunt tags.



 Q. How will this affect game populations?



 A: There will likely be no effects, or minor ones. In 2015, second deer tags
accounted for about 3.5 percent of the statewide deer harvest, and second elk
tags accounted for about 1.4 percent of the statewide elk harvest. There were
over 168,000 deer and 101,000 elk tags sold in Idaho in 2015.



 Because second tags are tags are already allocated for nonresident hunters,
harvest is already accounted for, and there is not expected to be any negative
impacts from harvest by second tag holders. In areas where populations or
harvest rates fall below Fish and Game's objectives, hunting rules are adjusted
by limiting hunting opportunity, shortening seasons, converting to controlled
hunts, or limiting tags available in some areas. These restrictions would also
apply to hunters using second tags.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            Discounted-new-cars.com

          Discounted-New-Cars.Com Blackford Bridge 701 Manchester Road

                                  Bury BL9 9US
                                 United Kingdom

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: +44 161 767 9000
FAX: +44 161 796 3389
URL: www.discounted-new-cars.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Discounted-new-cars.com prides itself in the knowledge that it is YOU that is
the most important part of our business function and we look forward to
welcoming you into our ever increasing family of customers.  All of our team are
family orientated people just like you; in today's economic climate we know how
important it is to keep your costs down. It makes it worthwhile and gives us the
job satisfaction knowing that we have another satisfied customer on board with
us.  Discounted-new-cars.com is committed to serving you, not just in selling
you your new vehicle, but offering you an aftermarket service as well.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                           February 25, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

See the world

BYLINE: Edmonton Journal

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. J5

LENGTH: 324  words


Arizona by horseback

Tanque Verde Ranch, a dude ranch in Tucson, Ariz., has several package deals
with discounts for stays over the next few months. Discounted rates start at
$175 per person, per night and include "deluxe" accommodations, three meals
daily, horseback riding and cattle herding, tennis, fishing, mountain biking,
swimming and hiking. Kids aged four through 12 can participate in one of three
supervised groups: Buckaroos, Wranglers and Outlaws. The 24,281-hec-tare ranch
has 180 horses to provide an Old West feel, with experienced wranglers and
guides on hand. There is also a spa if you need to relax any sore muscles.

The ranch has been around since 1868, and is located near the Rincon Mountains,
Saguaro National Park and the Coronado National Forest.

Save on the Seven Seas

Regent Seven Seas Cruises is offering deeply discounted fares, free land
excursions and discounted airfares for some of its cruise itineraries if you
book by March 31 for cruises now through Dec. 28. For ex-ample, you could save
$1,500 on the $6,501 fare (per person, based on double occupancy) for the
15-night trip from Fort Lauderdale to Barcelona that departs March 18.

Or you could save $1,500 on the seven-night Athens to Istanbul trip fare of
$4,917 that departs April 16. Or save $1,250 on the 11-night San Francisco to
Vancouver (with stops in Alaska) fare of $6,213 that departs May 1. The trips
are all-inclusive, meaning the fares cover food and beverages on board.

Get a deal in Vegas

If you're thinking of heading to Las Vegas, there's a website that can hook you
up with discounts offered by hotels, restaurants and entertainment event
organizers. SmarterVegas.com aggregates hotel and entertainment deals only in
Las Vegas; the deals come in the form of promo codes directly from the hotels.

For example, the Mirage is offering accommodations of $79 per room per night
(with a two-night minimum). For more information, visit smartervegas. com.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Supplied: Tanque Verde Ranch; Guests at Tanque Verde Ranch in Tuscon,
Ariz., can join in team penning to herd cattle.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                    M.D. 247

                         10801 Starkey Rd Ste 104 #235
                              Seminole,  FL 33777
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.md247.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Seminole Florida based MD247 (MD 247; MD/247; M.D. 247; MD247.COM) provides
discounted telemedicine healthcare services nationwide to families, and
discounted wholesale telemedicine healthcare to businesses. MD247 has
successfully provided 25,000 people the ability to talk to a doctor twenty-four
hours a day, talk to a nurse twenty-four hours a day, receive discounted
prescription drugs and receive discounted in-person healthcare services. In
addition to discounted healthcare services, MD247 provides support to groups
supporting the employment of veterans of the United States Armed Services. MD247
services, as well as informational blogs, can be found for review online at
http://www.md247.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

ox Expands Eligibility for Discounted Internet Service, Narrowing Digital Divide

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: City of Macon Bibb, The State of Georgia has issued the following news
release:



   Cox Communications today announced additional low-income families within its
service area are now eligible for discounted internet service through the
company's Connect2Compete program.  Eligibility requirements have been expanded
to include families with at least one K-12 child who qualifies for reduced
school lunches through the National School Lunch Program. The program was
previously only available to families with a child on free lunch.





 "We're making it easier for low-income families to get a high speed internet
connection at home by significantly broadening the eligibility requirements for
discounted service through the Connect2Compete program," said Lynn Murphey,
Cox's Middle Georgia market vice president.  "With a fast, reliable internet
connection at home, the entire family can become more engaged with their child's
education.  Students can access homework assignments while parents are empowered
to better communicate with teachers and become more involved with school events.
It's a win-win for the entire family."



 Key elements of the Connect2Compete program include:



     Internet access at the discounted price of $9.95/month.

     No price increases, no activation fees, and no equipment rental fees
associated with the high-speed Internet program for two years.

     Free in-home WiFi, free installation and free access to hundreds of
thousands of WiFi hotspots strategically located in markets across the country
through Cox WiFi and Cable WiFi.

     In addition to families participating in the National School Lunch Program,
eligibility also extends to families with at least one K-12 student who live in
HUD-assisted housing, or receive Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF)
or participate in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 1, 2016 Tuesday

ox Expands Eligibility for Discounted Internet Service, Narrowing Digital Divide

LENGTH: 333  words

DATELINE: New York



 Atlanta: City of Macon Bibb, The State of Georgia has issued the following news
release:



   Cox Communications today announced additional low-income families within its
service area are now eligible for discounted internet service through the
company's Connect2Compete program.  Eligibility requirements have been expanded
to include families with at least one K-12 child who qualifies for reduced
school lunches through the National School Lunch Program. The program was
previously only available to families with a child on free lunch.





 "We're making it easier for low-income families to get a high speed internet
connection at home by significantly broadening the eligibility requirements for
discounted service through the Connect2Compete program," said Lynn Murphey,
Cox's Middle Georgia market vice president.  "With a fast, reliable internet
connection at home, the entire family can become more engaged with their child's
education.  Students can access homework assignments while parents are empowered
to better communicate with teachers and become more involved with school events.
It's a win-win for the entire family."



 Key elements of the Connect2Compete program include:



     Internet access at the discounted price of $9.95/month.

     No price increases, no activation fees, and no equipment rental fees
associated with the high-speed Internet program for two years.

     Free in-home WiFi, free installation and free access to hundreds of
thousands of WiFi hotspots strategically located in markets across the country
through Cox WiFi and Cable WiFi.

     In addition to families participating in the National School Lunch Program,
eligibility also extends to families with at least one K-12 student who live in
HUD-assisted housing, or receive Temporary Assistance for Needy Families (TANF)
or participate in the Supplemental Nutrition Assistance Program (SNAP).



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 18, 2011 Tuesday

Bicycle Man displaced again; discounted rent still too steep

BYLINE: Michael Futch, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 514 words


Jan. 18--Time has run out once again on a workplace for Fayetteville's Bicycle
Man.

On Jan. 3, Moses Mathis lost the use of the warehouse where he had been
operating since July to refurbish hundreds of bicycles.

The warehouse's owner, commercial landlord Rich Croegaert, had allowed Mathis to
move into one of his buildings free through the end of 2010.

"I can't afford to do what I've been doing," said Croegaert, who noted that he
would normally charge $3,500 a month for the space that Mathis took up in the
warehouse.

Mathis said he appreciated Croegaert's generosity, but he couldn't afford to pay
the discounted $2,500 monthly rental that he was offered had he stayed.

"We just couldn't stand that," he said.

The Rev. Robert B. Clark Jr., pastor of St. Jude Missionary Baptist Church in
Hope Mills, wants to find Mathis a permanent place for his charitable bicycle
program.

Thursday, Clark said his church is in the early stages of finding a permanent
work site for Mathis, who has worked at eight locations in the last 20 years.

Mathis makes used bikes look good again before presenting them to needy children
during his annual Christmas giveaway.

In December, about 1,100 bikes were given to children.

Clark recently discussed the issue with Mathis.

The permanent building, Clark said, needs to be large, heated and
air-conditioned. "I know he needs a place so he don't have to keep moving every
year," Clark said. "I said St. Jude would help him, and I would take it upon
myself to get other ministers and churches on board to do it. At present, I've
just talked to him about it. Actually, I feel the urgency more than he does."

Materials in storage

In the meantime, Mathis is storing his work materials in a small building on
Hillsboro Street. He has rented some portable storage units.

"I have a couple of places where I can stockpile stuff until I get a building,"
he said.

With Mathis in mind, Clark recalled a Dr. D.T. Walton from his boyhood in Macon,
Ga. Each year at Christmas, some of the lower-income children were told to drop
by and see the Macon dentist. Walton would give them a toy and bag of fruit,
Clark said.

"Whatever toy I got," he said, "I would cherish it."

So he sees similarities between Walton's generosity and the charitable work
Mathis has been doing for the Fayetteville community in the last couple of
decades.

"There are an awful lot of families out there, especially now, who are having
difficult times getting anything for their children," Clark said. "If we can
give one day out of the year and give them a bicycle to let them know somebody
does care. That somebody does help. I truly want to see him with a permanent
place."

Staff writer Michael Futch can be reached at futchm@fayobserver.com or 486-3529.

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110118-FY-Bicycle-Man-displaced-again-discounted
-rent-still-too-steep-0118-20110118

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2011 The Fayetteville Observer


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 22, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

THEATER GUIDE

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg.
5

LENGTH: 2214 words


A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy Broadway and
Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. *
denotes a highly recommended show.
+ means discounted tickets were at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for
performances last Friday and Saturday nights.
++ means discounted tickets were available for last Friday night only.
+++ means discounted tickets were available for last Saturday night only.

Broadway

*++ "ANNIE GET YOUR GUN." Making her Broadway debut, Reba McEntire glides into
the title role of Irving Berlin's classic musical like a sea bird landing on
water. Like Annie Oakley, this chart-topping country singer is a nonchalant
showoff, making a highly polished performance look so easy you wonder why we
aren't all Broadway stars. Ms. McEntire has also put a highly personal,
proprietary stamp on a role dominated by the ghost of Ethel Merman, using her
no-nonsense twang and balladeer's throb to make familiar songs sound fresh,
suggesting Berlin by way of Nashville instead of Tin Pan Alley. And she does
what even Bernadette Peters, who won a Tony in this revival, could not. She
doesn't just overcome the surroundings of Graciela Daniele's garish,
condescending production; she transforms them, turning the show's smirk into a
smile. Be warned, though: the minutes are long when Annie isn't onstage, and
tonight is Ms. McEntire's last performance. (Crystal Bernard takes over
tomorrow.) (2:30). Marquis, 1535 Broadway, near 45th Street, (212) 307-4100.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8
p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $35 to $85 (Ben Brantley).


"BLAST!" One ends up feeling bad about criticizing the nice young men and women
whose Vegas-friendly enhancements of drum and bugle corps routines make up this
supposed extravaganza. Mostly in their 20's, they are brass players and
percussionists, dancers and jugglers, a glowingly good-looking bunch, and
irrepressibly cheery, too. But it is hard to shake the notion that this is a
halftime show, complete with flag-waving, party-colored lighting and broad,
bland choreography, that has wandered onto Broadway by mistake, as if it had
gotten lost on the way to the stadium (1:45). Broadway Theater, 1681 Broadway,
at 53rd Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $80
(Bruce Weber).

*+ "THE INVENTION OF LOVE." Tom Stoppard's dazzling exercise in metabiography
takes us to hell, Oxford University and the Edwardian corridors of power to
explore the life of A. E. Housman, the poet ("A Shropshire Lad") and classicist
extraordinaire. And while the work is steeped in the Stoppard ian principle that
cleverness is next to godliness -- and crammed with cultural and historical
arcana -- it is entirely possible to revel in this time-traveling fantasia about
art, memory and homosexuality without getting every reference. For one thing,
Mr. Stoppard is an outrageous showoff, determined to charm and amuse. And the
director, Jack O'Brien, borrows from burlesque and the music hall to bring out
the liveliness in the remarkably fine cast, led by Richard Easton (Tony Award
winner for best actor in a play) and Robert Sean Leonard (Tony winner for best
featured actor) as the older and younger Housmans (2:45). Lyceum, 149 West 45th
Street, (212) 239-6200. Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $40 to $70 (Brantley).

*+ "KING HEDLEY II." August Wilson's grand, ungainly three-hour drama of an
underclass in the age of Reagan offers some of the finest monologues ever
written for an American stage: arias that build gritty, often brutal details
into fiery patterns of insight. You would need to look to a Verdi to find a more
stirringly musical fusion of public crisis and private pain. Directed by Marion
McClinton, the play can resemble grand opera in less desirable ways,
particularly in its credibility-taxing plot. But any drama that aims this high,
inviting comparison to everything from Aeschylus's House of Atreus to the Book
of Job, is sometimes going to miss its target. And who can complain about a work
with a ferocity, passion and richness of language rarely found in new plays
today? The excellent cast includes Brian Stokes Mitchell, Leslie Uggams and, in
the season's most dazzling supporting performances, Viola Davis (Tony Award
winner for best featured actress in a play) and Charles Brown (2:55). Virginia,
245 West 52nd Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, and Thursdays through Fridays at
8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $25
to $70 (Brantley).

Off Broadway

*++ "BREATH, BOOM." This eye-opening drama by the gifted young playwright Kia
Corthron takes place in the Bronx over 14 years, a period that spans the
criminal career of a young gang leader named Prix, whom we meet at age 16. It
takes her in and out of juvenile detention and prison and to the point where
she's ready to shuck her gang habits, mainly because she's over the hill. For
most theatergoers the setting will seem like a foreign country, if not another
planet. Not that urban privation and its consequences -- rampant family upheaval
and general outlawry -- are unfamiliar subjects. Rarely, however, has a
subculture been circumscribed and zoomed in on so closely. If the play has a
weakness, it is its sociology-class quality -- Gang Girls 101 -- but as directed
by Marion McClinton and performed by a fine, mostly female ensemble led by
Yvette Ganier as Prix, the world of the play feels as authentic as it is alien
and shocking (2:30) Playwights Horizons, 416 West 42nd Street, (212) 279-4200.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 7:30 p.m.; Saturdays at 2:30 and 7:30 p.m.; Sundays
at 2:30 and 7 p.m.; special matinee Wednesday at 2:30 p.m. Tickets, $25.
(Weber).

*+ "IN THE PENAL COLONY." This operatic re-envisioning of Kafka's classic fable,
from the composer Philip Glass, becomes as much an allegory of the artistic
imagination as of crime and punishment. In Joanne Akalaitis's transfixing
production, Kafka himself (Jesse J. Perez) becomes a complicitous player in the
horrific goings-on onstage, forcing us to consider the teller as well as the
tale. Theatergoers who find Mr. Glass's music merely monotonous and Ms.
Akalaitis's stagecraft arcane are unlikely to leave as converts. But there is
definitely method, intelligent and intelligible, in their mannerisms here. Mr.
Glass's signature technique of ravishment by repetition lends itself well to the
story's dreamlike state of suspense. And Ms. Akalaitis, famous for muddying the
meanings of classic plays, is actually a dispenser of clarity here. The
exquisitely sung evening has also been beautifully produced, visually conjuring
the haunted continuity of nightmares. The fine, lucid libretto is by Rudolph
Wurlitzer (1:15). Classic Stage Company, 136 East 13th Street, (212) 677-4210,
extension 2. Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m. Tickets, $40 and $45 (Brantley).

* "MEASURE FOR MEASURE." Mary Zimmerman's bright interpretation of Shakespeare's
dark comedy happily makes the point that nature is not to be denied. For this
production chooses not to compete with the green outdoors, but to take advantage
of it, turning the verdancy of Central Park into a comment upon those who would
repress human instincts. And instead of looking for psychological continuity in
this perplexing study of decadence, hypocrisy and corruption, Ms. Zimmerman
accepts its face value as a comic fable. This attitude sacrifices emotional
nuance. (Only Billy Crudup, as the puritanical Angelo, seems to be digging
beneath the surface.) But for a June night's diversion, it pays off. Joe Morton
is the manipulating Duke; John Pankow has a good time swirling his cape as the
cynical Lucio, and the luscious Sanaa Lathan is an Isabella worth sinning for
(2:30). Delacorte Theater, Central Park, (212) 539-8750. Daily at 8 p.m. (except
Mondays), through June 28. Free tickets are distributed, two per person, on the
day of the performance, from 1 to 3 p.m. at the Public Theater, 425 Lafayette
Street, and beginning at 1 p.m. at the Delacorte Theater (Brantley).

+ "TICK, TICK . . . BOOM!" Two round numbers, 30 and 90, glare ominously in this
chamber piece from Jonathan Larson, the creator of the rock musical "Rent." Mr.
Larson turned 30 in 1990, and in this self-conscious self-portrait in song he
gave vent to his concerns that time was running out on him. Given that the
composer died of an aortic aneurysm at 35, you might expect a slightly prurient
morbidity. But as directed by Scott Schwartz and performed by Raul Esparza, Amy
Spanger and Jerry Dixon, the show emerges as an amiable public exercise in soul
searching. Compared with "Rent," it feels small and conventional. But if you
look at it as a sort of sketchbook for that Broadway hit, "Tick" has its gentle
fascination, while reminding us of what an infectiously tuneful composer Larson
could be (1:30). Jane Street Theater, 113 Jane Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays
through Thursdays at 8 p.m.; Fridays and Saturdays at 7 and 10 p.m.; Sundays at
7 p.m. Tickets, $20 to $50 (Brantley).

* "URINETOWN (THE MUSICAL)." No matter how satiric, referential or allegorical
the story behind this cheeky, exuberant new musical suggests itself to be, it is
fundamentally an extended bathroom joke, and that's not a bad thing. A water
shortage has rendered an unnamed city so arid that private toilets are
insupportable. So everyone has to use public latrines, controlled by a greedy
corporation that keeps raising prices until the poor revolt. Absurd? Of course.
But the show's real concern is to make sport of the Broadway musical,
particularly the kind with a social conscience, from "The Threepenny Opera" to
"Les Miserables." And with its cagey score, grinning and mordant in a Kurt Weill
mode; its boisterous choreography and a cast that is thoroughly committed to
straight-faced silliness, the show is so intelligently calibrated in its
audacity that it can provoke enthusiasm even in those weary of musicals about
musicals (2:10). Through Monday at the American Theater of Actors, 314 West 54th
Street, (212) 239-6200. Mondays, Wednesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays
at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $50. Reopens Aug. 6 at
Henry Miller's Theater, 124 West 43rd Street (Weber).

+ "THE WOMAN IN BLACK." A shamelessly hokey Victorian ghost story that comes
complete with misty marshes, an isolated village, a solitary mansion, a
graveyard, spectral sightings, a shriek in the night and a lingering curse. It
is rescued from the tedium of cliche, however, by two actors, Jared Reed and
Keith Baxter, whose talky re-enactment of events is as forthrightly about the
conventions of theatrical storytelling as it is about spooks and nightmares
(1:20). Minetta Lane Theater, 18 Minetta Lane, (212) 307-4100. Mondays,
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Saturdays
at 7 and 10:30 p.m. Tickets: $24 to $55 (Weber).

Last Chance

+++ "BLUR." A harmless new play by Melanie Marnich about a 17-year-old girl who,
at a sad Thanksgiving dinner with her dotty mother, discovers that she can't see
her feet. This is the sudden onset of a rare eye disease that seriously
compromises her vision and threatens to render her entirely blind. You would
think that such a condition would have considerable dramatic consequences. But
the play is more of a conventional coming-of-age story than anything else. In
it, the young heroine, Dot DiPrima (Angela Goethals), rebels against her mother,
explores romance, leaves home, endures trials and finally finds a community of
her own where she is at least safe, if not certain of the future. Ms. Marnich
does send clues that she is after something more profound than a feel-good comic
melodrama. The tone means to be wise and wry, but the play never achieves the
seriousness to which it aspires. The metaphor of vision doesn't resonate; it
merely hovers (2:00). Manhattan Theater Club, City Center, 131 West 55th Street,
(212) 581-1212. Tonight at 7:30; tomorrow and Sunday at 3 and 7:30 p.m.
Tickets,: $40 (Weber).

*+ "MADAME MELVILLE." The intense, luminous Macaulay Culkin, now 20, is ideally
cast as the passive center of this short, sweet and extravagantly sentimental
play by Richard Nelson. As a 15-year-old American student in Paris seduced by
his literature teacher, Mr. Culkin portrays not so much an adolescent in real
time as a grown man's distanced presentation of himself as he once was. The
exaggerated brightness of his presence matches the way we tend to wince at
recollections of past selves. In a strange way, he becomes the pain of memory
incarnate. Similarly, the production, directed by Mr. Nelson, has a heightened
quality that mostly avoids its story's built-in cliches. With Joely Richardson
(as the teacher) and Robin Weigert portraying characters endowed with both the
glamour and the insights afforded by retrospect (1:30). Promenade, 2162
Broadway, at 76th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tonight at 8 p.m.; tomorrow at 2 and 8
p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $65 (Brantley).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: A scene from Philip Glass's new opera, "In the Penal Colony."
(Richard Termine for The New York Times); Joe Morton and Sanaa Lathan in
"Measure for Measure." (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                     April 06, 2005 Wednesday, ALL EDITIONS

Romney will unveil health plan;
 Discounted coverage key component of bill

BYLINE: John J. Monahan; TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 760 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


Gov. Mitt Romney will announce details of his long-planned health care overhaul
today, including the key proposal for stripped-down and discounted private
health care plans that could be offered to small businesses and low- and
moderate-income individuals for as little as $200 per month.

A bill to be filed by Mr. Romney today is aimed to allow the purchase of some
form of health insurance to cover 168,000 uninsured residents in households with
incomes of up to $57,000 for a family of four.

That group is among the 7 percent - or 460,000 people in the state - with no
health insurance.

Current individual health care plans cost an average of more than $500 per
month, while small group plans cost an average of $350 per month.

No income restrictions would be placed on Mr. Romney's discounted plans.

Discounted plans would be available to employees of companies that do not offer
health insurance benefits, part-timers and contractors at companies not eligible
for employer-supported health insurance and small companies with fewer than 50
employees. There would be no income eligibility restrictions, according to
details obtained by the Telegram & Gazette.

The discounted plans would cover preventive and primary care, emergency
services, surgical benefits, hospitalization benefits, ambulatory patient care,
mental health benefits and prescription drug coverage. They would, however,
offer closer management of drug benefits, co-payments of $20 to $40 for doctor
visits, annual deductibles of $250 to $1,000, and requirements for care "in
appropriate settings."

The plans would be provided by major insurers in the state such as Blue
Cross/Blue Shield, Tufts and Fallon Community Health Care through a new entity -
the Commonwealth Care Exchange - that would oversee pretax payments of premiums
by working individuals. That would save 15 percent to 30 percent on their
insurance costs, allowing individual workers to get the scaled-back plans for as
little as $134 to $160 per month after taxes, according to estimates developed
by the Romney administration.

Part-time workers and those with multiple jobs would also be eligible for the
pretax insurance plan.

Mr. Romney's plan will not

require employers to contribute to health care insurance for employees. However,
the Exchange would enable employers to contribute to the cost of the health care
plans of employees and include incentives for those who participate.

The governor is expecting another 36,000 unemployed workers to be able to take
advantage of the new lower-cost insurance plans after 30 weeks of unemployment,
when the state's Medical Security Trust ends its contributions to their
insurance costs.

Getting more people to buy insurance is a key component of the effort aimed at
reducing the state's Medicaid and free care pool expenses, which have been the
fastest growing area of state spending.

Another strategy is to get more people who are eligible for Medicaid programs to
register for Medicaid benefits. The governor's office estimates that 106,000 of
the 460,000 people without health care coverage are eligible for Medicaid, but
do not receive benefits, driving up the cost of the state's free care pool. The
state spends about $1 billion each year on the free care pool.

The state saves money when those people get Medicaid benefits, because those
costs are shared 50-50 by the state and the federal government.

Other changes to be proposed later would attempt to convert the free care pool
into an insurance plan for the 150,000 working poor and long-term unemployed
with a system of clinics, community health centers and hospitals.

Mr. Romney will present the proposals today at a breakfast meeting of the
Massachusetts Business Roundtable, an afternoon press conference and a televised
"town meeting" program arranged with WCVB-TV, Channel 5, in Boston to be aired
tonight.

The effort to expand insurance coverage to the uninsured is being undertaken
along with a series of programs to reduce the costs of the state's Medicaid
coverage through use of electronic medical record systems, better scrutiny of
prices and quality of care and proposed medical malpractice changes.

The governor's proposal comes as he is championing an effort to curtail the
growth of state health care costs.

The administration has said annual increases in state health care costs fell
from 12 percent in 2002 to a projected 7 percent this year.

The governor is projecting a 5 percent increase in his proposed budget for 2006.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2005 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Union Daily Times, S.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

'Sting Machine' fundraiser at Wofford

BYLINE: Derik Vanderford, The Union Daily Times, S.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 307 words


Sept. 04--SPARTANBURG -- The Union County High School Marching Band will take
advantage of a special opportunity at Wofford College.

The UCHS marching band -- a.k.a. The Sting Machine -- will be the guest band
during the Wofford Terriers' football home opener on Saturday, Sept. 13.

The band will take part in the pre-game "Terrier Walk" parade into the stadium,
as well as perform at halftime and provide music from the stands during the
game.

The game will also serve as a way for the band to raise money, as discounted
tickets are available for friends, family and supporters of The Sting Machine.
Wofford will give 25 percent of proceeds from tickets sold at this discounted
rate back to the Union County Band Aide Club.

The discounted rate is $10 per ticket, and tickets are "best available" seats.
All tickets will be left at Will Call at Gibbs Stadium. The discount tickets
must be purchased by phone no later than 5 p.m. Friday, Sept. 12, by calling
864-597-4023.

Wofford will play North Greenville in the home opener at a 7 p.m. game time.

Among the Stars

At 70 students strong this year, The Sting Machine's show for this marching band
season is entitled "Among the Stars."

Band Director Matt Chastain said the idea of the show is about a child who
dreams of being an astronaut. The songs in the show include "The New Moon in the
Old Moon's Arms" by Michael Karmen, "Children's Song No. 1" by Chick Corea,
"Jupiter" by Gustav Holst, "Mars" by Gustav Holst, and "Clair de Lune."

Chastain said he expects a very successful season for this year's marching band.

"The work ethic this year has been the best I've seen," Chastain said.

Call

Send SMS

Add to Skype

You'll need Skype CreditFree via Skype

___ (c)2014 The Union Daily Times (Union, S.C.) Visit The Union Daily Times
(Union, S.C.) at uniondailytimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140904-UH-Sting-Machine-fundraiser-at-Wofford-0904-20140904

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UH


                                 Copyright 2014


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Agerpres, Bucharest, Romania

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 28, 2015 Friday

Discounted tickets to Machine Head concert available until Monday

BYLINE: Agerpres, Bucharest, Romania

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


Aug. 28--BUCHAREST -- Discounted tickets of RON 89 each to the September 23
concert of Machine Head in Bucharest will be available for purchase until
Monday, organisers reported on Friday in a press statement sent to AGERPRES.

As from September 1 until the concert day, the only available tickets for
purchase on www.ambilet.ro will cost RON 95 each. Physical tickets can be
purchased at the headquarters of Promusic Events & Maximum Rock and the Eventim
retail trade chain that comprises retailers and phone operators Germanos,
Orange, Vodafone, Domo, as well as the Carturesti and Humanitas publishing
houses.

On concert day, tickets will be available at the venue, the Roman Arenas, for
RON 110.

The Machine Head band -- Robb Flynn (lead vocals, guitar); Phil Demmel (guitar,
backing vocals); Jared MacEachern (bass, backing vocals) and Dave McClain
(drums, percussion) returns to Romania on September 23 for a special concert
called "An Evening With Machine Head".

The event is part of the band's international tour to promote their latest album
"Bloodstone & Diamonds".

At the Roman Arenas in Bucharest, Machine Head will perform songs that fans
rarely have the opportunity to listen live. The show will last two and a half
hours, and organisers say it will be filled with surprises.

Before coming to Bucharest, Machine Head will stage a concert in Belgrade on
September 21. From Romania, it will leave for Sofia, for a concert on September
24.

Machine Head was founded in Oakland, California, in 1991 by vocalist and
guitarist Robb Flynn and bassist Adam Duce. Ever since their first album, called
"Burn My Eyes," the band has won a solid fan base, becoming a pillar of the
groove/thrash metal movement, the organisers report.

The band's origins are common to a rich tradition that saw the birth of bands
including Metallica, Exodus, Slayer, Testament, Pantera and Exhorder. Machine
Head has so far released eight studio albums that have sharpened up the current
landscape of international metal music, the organisers say.

Machine Head has been nominated for Grammy Awards, having won many awards
including Best Hard Rock Hero, Best Live Band, Best Inspiration, and the Kerrang
Hall of Fame Award. This year, it has been nominated for the Metal Hammer Golden
Gods Awards, Best International Band category.

___ (c)2015 Agerpres, Bucharest, Romania Visit Agerpres, Bucharest, Romania at
www1.agerpres.ro/english Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150828-1AR-Discounted
-tickets-to-Machine-Head-concert-available-until-Monday-0828-20150828

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AR


                  Copyright 2015 Agerpres, Bucharest, Romania


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 12, 2009 Friday

FOOTLIGHTS;

BYLINE:

SECTION: GROUND ZERO; Pg. G9

LENGTH: 379 words


PLAYHOUSE OFFERS DISCOUNTED TICKETS

The Lincoln Community Playhouse is offering discounted tickets for this
weekend's performances of "The Producers."

Tickets are $25 and $10 for students for performances at 7:30 tonight and
Saturday and 2 p.m. Sunday.

Discounted tickets are not available online. Prior holds and purchases are not
valid at reduced prices. Quantities are limited to four tickets per patron.
There are no refunds or exchanges. Availability and supplies are limited.

For reservations, call 489-7529.

OMAHA PLAYS HOST TO DANCE FESTIVAL

Omaha Performing Arts and the Omaha Modern Dance Collective will join forces
this summer for DanceFest 2009, Nebraska's first invitational contemporary dance
festival.

Hosted by the Holland Center's Scott Recital Hall, the festival is billed as a
weekend celebration of original modern dance works created by Omaha and Lincoln
artists.

Performances are 7:30 tonight and Saturday and 2 p.m. Sunday.

Included on the program will be works inspired by DanceBrazil, Diavolo and Aspen
Santa Fe Ballet, the three visiting companies featured on Omaha Performing Arts'
2008-09 touring dance series.

Companies and individual artists scheduled to perform include Omaha Modern Dance
Collective, Omaha Dance Project, UNO's The Moving Company, Lincoln Contemporary
Dance Project, Creighton Dance Company, African Culture Connection, Jeff Curtis
and Elizabeth June Bergman

Tickets are $15 and are available at TicketOmaha.org or by phone at (402)
345-0606.

NATIONAL GUARD BAND TO PLAY FREE CONCERT

The 43rd Army Band of the Nebraska National Guard will perform a free concert at
7 p.m. Saturday in Antelope Park, 31st and Sumner streets.

Under the command of Chief Warrant Officer Brian Anderson, the 43rd Army Band is
made up of citizen soldiers who bring a wide variety of skills, talents and
longevity to the unit. The average years of service of the senior
noncommissioned officer staff is in excess of 31 years.

SHANK TO PERFORM AT JAZZ IN JUNE

The Kendra Shank Quartet will perform at 7 p.m. Tuesday as part of the Jazz in
June series outdoors at Sheldon Museum of Art. The concert is free.

Shank is a Jazz in June favorite, having performed last in 2007. This time, she
has a new CD. "Mosaic," which features her and her quartet, was released in
April.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 2, 2015 Monday

Why Chinese Discount Future Financial and Environmental Gains but Not Losses
More Than Americans

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: Denver


Regents of the University of Colorado has issued the following news release:

Understanding country differences in temporal discounting is critical for
extending incentive-based environmental policies successfully from developed
countries to developing countries. We examined differences between Chinese and
Americans in discounting of future financial and environmental gains and losses.
In general, environmental use value was discounted significantly more than the
monetary values, but environmental existence value was discounted similarly to
the monetary values. Confirming previous research, we found that participants
discounted gains significantly more than losses. Furthermore, there was a
significant interaction between culture and gain/loss outcome: Chinese
discounted gains but not losses in both outcome categories more than Americans.
Open-ended comments suggest that respondents focused on the uncertainty and
foregone returns associated with waiting for future rewards when discounting
gains, but focused on the magnitude of the losses and the psychology cost of
carrying debts when discounting losses.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                   Clovis Livestock Market News (New Mexico)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 15, 2013

Woods says discounted fishing license should help tourism

BYLINE: Clovis Livestock Market News staff

LENGTH: 202  words


SANTA FE - Senator Pat Woods (R-Broadview) believes a $2 fishing license could
have a big impact on the state of New Mexico.

A bill that has been signed into law by the Governor will put Woods' belief to
the test.

The bill allows Boy Scouts under 18 years of age to fish with a discounted
temporary special fishing license at Philmont Scout Ranch in Northeastern New
Mexico.

"We need to do all we can to attract kids to the outdoor experience," Senator
Woods said. "If a discounted $2 fishing license gets more kids to cast aline,
great!"

Sen. Woods said attracting scouts to Northeastern New Mexico is also great for
business in the area. He said scouts from all over the country travel to the
Philmont Scout Ranch, spending money in the area when they arrive. The ranch
hires as many as 3, 000 people and that their salaries add to economic
development in the area.

The special license allows younger scouts at Philmont to purchase a discounted
10-day fishing license to be used at the camp. It will be available to all
scouts under 18, adding 12 - and 13-year-olds who also fish in the scout
program. Current law (17-3-19 NMSA) allows issuance of a discounted fishing
license on the ranch only for Boy Scouts ages 14

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Economy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CVM

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                  Copyright 2013 Clovis Livestock Market News


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Enid News & Eagle (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 3, 2015 Thursday

Leonardo's memberships discounted in December

BYLINE: Kevin Hassler, Enid News & Eagle, Okla.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


Dec. 03--All new and renewing memberships will be discounted 10 percent in
December and will be valid for one year from when Leonardo's Children's Museum
reopens in April 2016.

Meantime, all members can enjoy unlimited free admission to Leonardo's Activity
Center at 301 W. Maine, Suite 110, as well as many other member benefits.

"Parents and grandparents often ask for gift ideas for children who already have
so many toys," said Shelly Conrady, membership coordinator. "I always tell them
that a Leonardo's membership does not need batteries and is one size fits all.
It keeps giving fun learning all year long."

Additionally, Leonardo's members can add an expanded network membership for $40
plus tax, and have unlimited visits for a full year to Science Museum Oklahoma
in Oklahoma City, Jasmine Moran Children's Museum in Seminole, Tulsa Children's
Museum in Tulsa and the recently reopened Museum of the Great Plains in Lawton.
Oklahoma Museum Network is funded by the Donald W. Reynolds Foundation.

Leonardo's members also receive a 10 percent discount anytime in the museum gift
shop, which offers educational toys and games for children of all ages. Special
member appreciation weekend" are the third Saturday of each month and offer a 25
percent discount for members.

"We have items you won't find anywhere else in Enid, including stocking stuffers
under $5," Conrady said.

Scholarships are available at Leonardo's for low-income families with
demonstrated need. Any form of state or federal assistance or household income
may be used to show need.

For information about Leonardo's December membership drive, scholarships or any
programs or activities, call Conrady at (580) 233-2787 or email
membership@leonardos.org

___ (c)2015 the Enid News & Eagle (Enid, Okla.) Visit the Enid News & Eagle
(Enid, Okla.) at www.enidnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151203-EK-Leonardo-s-memberships-discounted-in-December-1203-20151203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EK


                        Copyright 2015 Enid News & Eagle


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS


           The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             August 16, 2015 Sunday

TARC rides to fair discounted

BYLINE: Elizabeth Beilman, The Evening News and the Tribune, Jeffersonville,
Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 327 words


Aug. 16--LOUISVILLE -- Kentucky State Fair-goers receive discounted admission if
they ride the TARC to the fairgrounds.

Passengers will pay a flat $5 fair admission fee -- half the regular price --
and can also save up to $8 in parking fees.

"We want to make the fair as accessible as possible," Fair Board President and
CEO Rip Rippetoe said in a news release. "With the fair admission discount,
riding public transportation provides an even greater savings and also helps
reduce traffic and parking congestion in and around the Kentucky Exposition
Center."

Those who want to ride the TARC to the fairgrounds must depart from the Fifth
and Market streets stop. Buses will pick up passengers at that location every 60
to 70 minutes from 6:30 a.m. to 11 p.m.

The last bus from the fairgrounds to the downtown leaves at 11:58 p.m.

Passengers should look for buses with the "2 -- State Fair" sign. The trip takes
about 30 to 35 minutes.

The TARC stop at the fair is in Lot H of the Kentucky Exposition Center on
Circle of Champions across from Broadbent Arena. Complimentary tram rides will
take passengers to stops around the fairgrounds.

TARC will operate this extra service all 11 days of the fair from Aug. 20-30.

"We encourage everyone going to the fair to consider TARC," Executive Director
J. Barry Barker said in a news release from TARC. "By taking TARC, you'll have
more money for more fun once you're there. We applaud the Kentucky State Fair
for providing this benefit."

Regular TARC fees still apply. One-way adult fair is $1.75. Students between 6
and 17 years old and seniors with a TARC identification card can ride for 80
cents. Children ages 5 and under can ride for free.

Passengers are asked to have $5 fair admission with them before arriving at the
expo center.

___ (c)2015 The Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) Visit The
Evening News and The Tribune (Jeffersonville, Ind.) at newsandtribune.com
Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150816-JB-TARC-rides-to-fair-discounted-0816-20150816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JB


                Copyright 2015 The Evening News and The Tribune


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            October 26, 2012 Friday

Arts O.C. is offering discounted tickets

BYLINE: Richard Chang Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: SHOW; Pg. M

LENGTH: 327 words



HIGHLIGHT: A partnership with Goldstar via SparkOC.com will cut prices as much
as half.


Arts Orange County and Goldstar, a leading membership-based web retailer of
half-price entertainment tickets, have announced a new partnership.

Arts Orange County, the region's nonprofit arts council, is offering half-price
tickets to area arts, entertainment and sporting events on its website,
SparkOC.com. Visitors to the site may click on a link that leads to event
listings and discounted tickets on Goldstar.

A substantial portion of the service fees for Goldstar tickets purchased through
SparkOC.com will go toward Arts Orange County to support programs and services
for artists and local arts organizations.

"Arts organizations are always looking for ways to encourage people to try
something new," said Richard Stein, executive director of Arts Orange County.
"This gives us an opportunity to promote the discount ticket opportunities more
directly for our specific constituency."

Arts Orange County is joining other nonprofit organizations that have partnered
with Goldstar, including Alliance for Audience in Phoenix, Theater Bay Area in
San Francisco, and Arts Council Silicon Valley.

Arts O.C. did initiate a discount ticket marketplace on SparkOC.com when the
website started in 2008. However, that didn't take off and was costly to
operate, Stein said. So that program was suspended in 2009, and the SparkOC.com
website then featured a link to Goldstar in an "affiliate program," Stein said.

The current partnership is a more direct effort to provide Goldstar's discounted
tickets to Orange County audiences. For instance, visitors can purchase
discounted tickets to Teatro ZinZanni's Magical Circus Dinner Theater at the
Segerstrom Center for the Arts; Cirque du Soleil at the Dolby Theatre in
Hollywood or the Long Beach Convention Center; and "The Rocky Horror Show"
musical at the Empire Theatre in Santa Ana.

For more information, visit SparkOC.com, ArtsOC.org or  goldstar.com. Membership
to Goldstar is free.



714-796-6026 or rchang@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Teatro ZinZanni, playing in Costa Mesa through Dec. 31, is among
performances and events offering ticket discounts through SparkOC.com.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  March 12, 2001 Monday MORNING FINAL EDITION

NON-STOP FLIGHTS TO TAIPEI, PARIS TAKE OFF

BYLINE: SHAWN NEIDORF, Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS MONDAY; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 734 words


American Airlines will begin daily non-stop flights from San Jose to Taipei and
to Paris on April 1, boosting San Jose International Airport's standing as an
international gateway.

At present, Air Canada offers non-stop flights to its namesake country from the
airport, and both Alaska and Mexicana travel non-stop to Mexico. But San Jose
has had no European non-stop flights, and the only Asian non-stop flight has
been an American Airlines run from San Jose to Tokyo, according to the airport.
That route notched its 10th anniversary March 2.

Flight 151 to Taipei will leave San Jose at 1:30 p.m. daily and arrive in Taipei
at 5:55 p.m. local time the next day, for a total trip of 13 hours and 25
minutes. The return trip, Flight 150, will leave Taipei at 1:20 p.m. and return
to San Jose at 9:50 a.m. the same day for a trip of 11 hours and 30 minutes. The
distance is 6,499 miles.

American Airlines spokesman Mark Slitt said many Silicon Valley technology
companies, such as Intel and Advanced Micro Devices, do business in Taipei,
prompting the company to offer the daily flight. The route will use Boeing 777s,
which seat 235 passengers.

Joe Hedges, international program manager for the City of San Jose's Office of
Economic Development also pointed out that the demand runs both ways. During a
trade trip to Taiwan several years ago, Taiwanese business people told him they
wanted non-stop flights into San Jose, he said.

"The Taipei flight is a hell of a deal," said Mike Van Dyck, vice president of
Carlson Wagonlit travel agency in San Jose. "It's going to be a barn burner."

People routinely call Van Dyck wanting to leave for Taipei that day or the next,
and he sometimes can't get them onto flights until the next week. Right now,
most of them fly out of San Francisco, but he has put passengers on flights to
Seattle and Los Angeles to catch connecting flights to Taiwan, he said.

On the other hand, Van Dyck is not so sure about the daily flights to Paris. He
doesn't think Silicon Valley has the demand to support daily flights year-round,
predicting American will eventually cut the route to accommodate just the summer
and fall travel season.

Paul Kloetzel, president of O'Brien Travel Service in San Jose, agrees. He does
not think there will be enough demand for mid-winter flights to fill the
Paris-bound Boeing 767-300s American plans to fly. They seat 187 passengers,
according to American.

Flight 112 will leave San Jose at 6:30 p.m. daily, arriving in Paris the next
day at 2:25 p.m. local time for a flight of 10 hours and 55 minutes. The return
ride, Flight 113, will leave Paris at 1:20 p.m. and land in San Jose at4:10 p.m.
the same day, a trip of 11 hours and 50 minutes. The flight is 5,585 miles.

Al Becker, an American spokesman, said the airline is confident it can attract
passengers to the San Jose-Paris route, even during the tourism off-season.
"Everything that we have experienced in San Jose over the last . . . three years
tells us we can," he said, noting that Paris has tremendous appeal to travelers
and that the city's Charles de Gaulle Airport offers connections to many other
European cities.

Sal Colak, an analyst who follows American's parent company AMR, for CIBC World
Markets, said American is particularly good at forecasting passenger traffic.
But he does think the new routes will be a financial drag for the airline at
first.

Several airlines fly from San Francisco to Taipei, and many fly from San
Francisco to Paris. But San Jose airport aviation director Ralph Tonseth
contends that the San Jose and San Francisco airports have distinct markets.

Slitt said American wants to build up San Jose as a major international airport.

Domestic hub cities are fairly well-saturated with flights, Colak said, which
leads airlines to look at smaller airports like San Jose to create links with
their international networks. He estimated that American makes 35 to 40 percent
of its revenues off international flights.

In addition to the flights, American is co-sponsoring a trade mission from San
Jose to Taiwan April 22 through 27 and a cultural mission to Paris May 13
through 18. The latter trip aims to introduce the French business community to
Silicon Valley leaders and Silicon Valley's cultural offerings to France's
potential travelers.

Currently, American makes 71 flights a day to 18 cities from San Jose.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: WHAT IT COSTS TO FLY
The San Jose-Taipei flights offer 16 first class, 56 business class and 163
economy seats. Prices are as follows:
First class, one way: $3,489
Business class, one way: $2,000 (discounted to $1,434 for travel on Tuesdays and
Thursdays)
Full coach, one way: $1,234
Discounted coach, round trip: $894 for weekend travel, $842 for travel Monday
through Friday. Fares require 14-day advance purchase and a three-day minimum
stay. The maximum stay is six months.
The San Jose-Paris flights offer nine first class, 24 business and 154 economy
seats. Prices are as follows:
First class, one way: $6,070
Business class, one way: $4,444 (discounted to $3,739 with maximum stay of 12
months (limited availability)
Full coach, one way: $1,628
Discounted coach, round trip: $1,029 for travel Friday through Sunday, $966 for
travel Monday through Thursday. These fares require a 21-day advance purchase
and are for travel from April 1 through June 15.
Source: American AirlinesStarting Up: Newsmakers To Watch In The Next Few Days
Carlson Wagonlit is the travel agency for Knight Ridder, the parent company of
the Mercury News.

GRAPHIC: Photo;
PHOTO: JUDITH CALSON -- MERCURY NEWS
American Airlines commemorates 10 years of non-stop service from San Jose to
Tokyo. It's also rolling out new non-stop flights to Paris and Taipei.
DIAGRAM:
American Airlines Flights
[Diagram content not taken in the database]

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Alameda City Briefs: County fair's discounted tickets available Sunday

BYLINE: Alameda Journal

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 354 words


Tickets discounted for Alameda County Fair

For the 14th consecutive year, discounted tickets to the Alameda County Fair
will be available from noon to 2 p.m. Sunday at the City Hall parking lot.

The tickets will be distributed by former Vice Mayor and Alameda County Fair
Board Director Lil Arnerich. After serving 12 years on the board, Arnerich was
recently named "director emeritus."

The fair will continue through July 6. It is closed on Mondays and offers
special days for the military, seniors and children.

Wolf expedition talk set for July 29 at library

As part of its "Summer Reading for Adults" program, the Alameda Free Library
will host two members of the Wolf OR-7 Expedition to speak about their project
at 6 p.m. July 29.

The expedition follows a wolf that left his pack in September 2011 in
northeastern Oregon and made his way southwest into California, becoming the
first documented wild wolf in California since 1924. The wolf is called Wolf
OR-7 because he was the seventh radio-collared wolf in Oregon.

The animal's travels through Oregon and California have sparked conversations
about wolf/human coexistence in the region.

Using an estimated GPS tracking of OR-7, the expedition team plans to mountain
bike and hike across Oregon and Northern California and create a documentary
film.

The Alameda Free Library is following the expedition on maps. For information,
go to www.or7expedition.org . The Summer Reading for Adults program will be
looking at domestic and wild animals and how humans coexist with them. The
library is located at 1550 Oak St.

Meals on Wheels annual fundraiser to be July 20

The 18th annual Alameda Meals on Wheels Community Faire and Wine Tasting will
take place July 20 at the Rock Wall Wine Company, 2301 Monarch St.

Along with wine and hors d'oeuvres, the event will feature a silent auction and
live swing and jazz music by Three O'Clock Jump. This year's event, which will
take place from 1 to 5 p.m., will honor the memory of Janice Lee, who was a
volunteer and board member of the organization. Tickets are $20. For
information, call 519-865-6131 or go to www.alamedamealsonwheels.org .

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Mortgage News

                                January 11, 1993

More 'Bad Banks' To Be Created in '93

SECTION: Pg. 16

LENGTH: 348 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The year 1993 will probably see the creation of one or more "bad banks" to
liquidate bank and thrift portfolio of nonperforming assets, including big
amounts of real estate.

And if past experience is any guide, the efforts will be successful, says a
study by Smith Barney & Co.'s high-yield research group of three "bad bank"
transactions.

However, investors should proceed with caution because the performance of the
"bad banks" in the report is very different.

A key measure of future performance has been the outlook of the "good bank" when
creating the "bad bank."

For example, Collecting Bank, created by First City Bancorp, Dallas and the
Federal Deposit Insurance Corp., has performed below original expectations.

One reason cited by Smith Barney is the optimistic discount First City/FDIC used
when transferring assets to Collecting Bank.

Those assets were discounted by just 30% of original book value, while two other
"bad banks" reviewed by Smith Barney discounted the transferred assets more
aggressively.

National Loan Bank, Houston, the "bad bank" from the Chemical New York Corp.
acquisition of Texas Commerce Bankshares, discounted $ 228 million in assets by
55%.

And Grant Street National Bank, formed by Mellon Bank Corp., Pittsburgh,
discounted $ 640 million of assets by 47%.

The underperformance of the Collecting Bank also was attributed to the fact that
the assets were heavily weighted with real estate owned, the most difficult
class to sell.

Thirty-four percent of the assets of Collecting Bank were real estate owned,
versus zero for National Loan and 20% for Grant Street.

Grant Street, which has paid off the debt and preferred stock which capitalized
it, is a prime example of the difficulty of selling real estate owned.

Despite earning enough to pay off its debt, it was able to sell all of the
assets transferred to it except the real estate owned which was originally
transferred in 1988.

On the other hand, investors in "bad banks" should note that commercial and
industrial loans are more easily liquidated than most other assets.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1993 National Thrift News, Inc.


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday
                                  ROP Edition

BUSINESS IN BRIEF

BYLINE:

Patriot Ledger staff

SECTION: Business; pg. 21

LENGTH: 490 words


Group-buying website launches in Boston

Yellowbook has introduced the latest online group-buying site in the Boston
area, with the launch of weforia.com. The site first started serving consumers
earlier this month in the Phoenix area, and it will soon launch in the Fort
Myers, Fla. area. Like other group-buying sites, users of weforia.com can buy a
certain service or product at a discounted rate, but it only becomes available
if enough shoppers also buy the discounted service. For example, Monday's offer
from weforia.com in the Boston area allowed consumers to buy $40 worth of
dry-cleaning services from Life Without Laundry for $20 - if 10 people bought
the discounted service. Mike Wilson, of Uniondale, N.Y.-based Yellowbook, said
the firm also plans to offer a sliding-scale product in which the discount
increases in steps as certain numbers of consumers participate.

Banks' fees are less than those at check-cashing firms

BOSTON - Consumers in Massachusetts pay anywhere from 4 to 40 times more per
month in fees with check-cashing firms when compared with the same services
offered by a traditional bank, according to the state Division of Banks. For
example, a check-casher fee to cash weekly payroll checks and write money orders
would range from $140 to $1,400 a year. In contrast, a basic checking account at
a traditional bank costs up to $36 per year.

Bonds issued for charter school

BOSTON - MassDevelopment has issued $1.1 million in tax-exempt bonds on behalf
of the Dorchester Collegiate Academy Charter School, a new charter school that
opened last fall with a starting class of 40 fourth- graders. The nonprofit
school plans to use the bond proceeds to buy the building it currently leases,
which will allow the school to add a grade each year until reaching 12th grade.
The bonds were purchased by Boston Private Bank & Trust.

Gas prices below $2.60 for first time in '10

The statewide average price for regular, self-serve unleaded gas dropped below
$2.60 for the first time this year, AAA Southern New England said. The average
fell one penny a gallon in the past week to $2.599 a gallon. The price is 10
cents below the national average, and is about 10 cents per gallon above the
state average a year ago.

Lojack offers system for classic cars

WESTWOOD - LoJack Corp. has created a stolen vehicle recovery system that is
particularly crafted for classic cars. The new system doesn't need to be
connected to a vehicle's electrical system and the Westwood company offers a
personalized installation process to meet the classic car owners' specific
needs, such as preserving the integrity of a vehicle's interior and exterior.
The suggested retail price for an installation is $695.

Verc enterprises adds 23rd retail location

DUXBURY - Verc Enterprises has completed its acquisition of a Gulf station on
Route 20 near Interstate 495 in Marlboro. The Verc Gulf store in Marlboro is
Duxbury-based Verc's 23rd retail location.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Patriot Ledger


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Arizona: Pennsylvania Man Admits Defrauding Computer Equipment Companies of $2.5
Million

LENGTH: 464  words

DATELINE: Phoenix


Department of Justice has issued the following news release:

TRENTON, NJ--A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man today admitted using phony documents
and "straw buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted
computer equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco),
U.S. Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 51, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Shipp
in Trenton federal court to an information charging him with one count of wire
fraud.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple e-mails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

The wire fraud charge to which Silverman pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Silverman will be
required to forfeit $2.5 million under terms of the plea agreement. Sentencing
is scheduled for May 19, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                            November 19, 2007 Monday

Vision allowed to sell condos

BYLINE: by Terry Brennan

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY

LENGTH: 373 words



HIGHLIGHT: A judge approves the discounted condo sales at a hearing at prices
ranging from $295,000 to $309,900.


Vision Development Group of Broward County LLC has won the right to sell 10
condominiums for $2.99 million along with its final use of cash collateral.

Judge Raymond Ray of U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Florida
in Fort Lauderdale approved the discounted condo sales at a hearing Wednesday,
Nov. 14, at prices ranging from $295,000 to $309,900, said debtor counsel Peter
Russin at Meland Russin & Budwick PA.

The sales generated $1.81 million in net proceeds after broker fees and
marketing expenses and will accrue to prepetition lender Corus Bank NA,
documents said.

The net proceeds will go toward paying down the $9.2 million balance at filing
on the condo converter's defaulted $49.5 million prepetition loan with Corus,
records show. The latest or third batch of condo sales were at discounts ranging
up to 60% off the list price, records show.

Sunshine, Fla.-based Vision generated about $6.03 million when it sold its 20
discounted condos after previously selling 24 others for $7.74 million, records
show.

Plans are in the works to sell another bulk of between 20 to 30 condo units at
discounted rates after Vision defaulted while it was converting 23, two-story
buildings housing 367 condos as South Florida was battered by the housing
crisis.

Formerly known as Beacon Towers LLC, Isles at Lago Mar and Isles at Sawgrass,
Vision retained possession of 174 of the condos on a 37.85 acre site at filing.

The projected closing dates on the latest 10 sales weren't immediately known
after the condos were sold to multiple parties, documents show.

Ray also approved Vision's final use of cash collateral with Corus that's tied
to apartment rental income, Russin said. Corus had initially objected to interim
use of its cash but didn't challenge the final DIP motion, records show.

The condo converter filed for Chapter 11 on Sept. 20 three weeks after losing a
nonpayment lawsuit on appeal to unsecured lender Chesley Funding LLC. The New
York Supreme Court reversed an Aug. 30 state trial ruling and required Vision to
close on 92 condos within six months under its $5.42 million with Chesley
Funding.

Vision has not sought debtor-in-possession financing while it scrambles to sell
off its condos so it can pay down its debt.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2007 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

Penn State Football Tickets

LENGTH: 209  words

DATELINE: New York



 Marlton: Teamsters Local 776 has issued the following news release:



 This fall Teamsters Local 776 members and their families are invited to Beaver
Stadium for two separate Organized Labor Appreciation Days with Penn State
Football. Union members throughout Pennsylvania are now able to purchase
discounted tickets to both the Big Ten home opener vs. Minnesota (October 1st)
and Senior Day against Michigan State games (November 26th). Kick off times have
yet to be announced for both games.



 All tickets will be discounted at least $17 off the public single game price
and are available for purchase now, as opposed to the public single game sale in
July. Teamsters will also be able to purchase a discounted car parking pass for
each game.

 Simply click on the image below (or link below the image) and enter the promo
code TEAMSTER to begin purchasing your discounted tickets.

 For more information, to purchase more than 10 tickets, or a parking pass
please contact James Grecco with Penn State Athletics at 814-867-2544 or
JEG45@PSU.EDU For an immediate question/response, please click reply to reach
James Grecco.



 In case ohttp://www.mhi.orgf any query regarding this article or other content
please contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com  a

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                      October 1, 2015 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

$8.5 Million Metro Chicago Office Bridge Loan, Discounted Payoff

LENGTH: 338  words


Oct. 1 -- Bloomfield Capital, a direct lender and specialty real estate finance
firm, and Alpha Alternatives (Chicago, IL), a nationwide commercial real estate
capital markets firm, have announced the closing of a $8.5 million senior bridge
loan. The loan proceeds were used to purchase a discounted note from the
existing lender on a 102,000 SF Class B office building in Schaumburg, IL and a
34,000 SF Class B office building in Milwaukee, WI.

Bloomfield Capital was approached by Alpha Alternatives to create a bridge loan
structure for the existing sponsor. That structure included funding a $6.6
million discounted note purchase plus additional funds for interest and
renovation reserves, totaling $8.5 million. The 1980's vintage Class B buildings
had dated common areas that needed immediate renovation and the Sponsor required
additional capital for tenant improvements and leasing commissions. The
buildings averaged below 70% occupancy at closing in submarkets where the
average occupancy was well above that level.

"This transaction allowed the Sponsor to reduce its basis on two well located
assets which had been over-leveraged prior to the 2008 real estate market
correction," stated Jason Jarjosa, a principal at Bloomfield Capital. "Although
the real estate markets have improved over the past several years, there is
still a large overhang of legacy debt which needs to be marked down and recast
at an appropriate level."

Matt Stearns, a senior vice president at Alpha Alternatives added, "By using
Bloomfield's senior bridge capital, we were able to negotiate a significant
discount for our client from the prior lender, as well as obtain the additional
capital needed to pay for new tenant improvements and leasing commissions at the
properties. Since closing the loan, the Sponsor has lowered lease rates and
began adding new tenants to both buildings. Alpha Alternatives specializes in
these types of complex and fast moving opportunities where a creative lender is
the key to success."

Source: Bloomfield Capital

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            January 13, 2006 Friday
                                  All Editions

State, tribes, Citgo sign fuel deals;
Heating oil delivered to needy Mainers

BYLINE: BILL TROTTER OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 886 words

DATELINE: INDIAN ISLAND


It didn't take long Thursday, after the top Citgo official signed agreements to
help provide discounted heating oil to low-income Maine residents, for the
familiar whistle and scent of a fuel delivery to fill the air outside Rose
Scribner's house on West Street.

Minutes after the last agreement was signed at the Penobscot Nation's community
building, Scribner sat on a chair on her porch in relatively balmy January
weather as officials, reporters and photographers swarmed in her driveway. Just
around the corner of her home, Gov. John Baldacci, Citgo President Felix
Rodriguez and Penobscot tribal Chief James Sappier all laid their hands on a
delivery hose stretching from an oil truck emblazoned with Citgo banners to the
pipe that feeds into Scribner's oil tank.

"I'm very, very honored for these people to be here," Scribner said. "I'm a
widow, and I live alone. I have a very tight budget."

The agreements signed Thursday at Indian Island were for Citgo, the national
petroleum company of Venezuela, to sell discounted oil to the Maliseet, Micmac,
Passamaquoddy and Penobscot tribes in Maine. Baldacci, who earlier Thursday
signed a separate agreement with Rodriguez in Windham, was on hand to witness
the signing of the oil company's agreement with the tribes.

Sappier said that over the next four months, Citgo will provide 950,000 gallons
of discounted oil to nearly 1,000 low-income households on tribal reservation
lands. The tribes will get a 40 percent discount off the market price, which in
Maine now ranges between $2 and $2.40 a gallon, according to the chief. At that
discount, the deal is expected to help tribal residents save around $900,000 in
fuel costs.

"It's an extraordinary savings for poor people," Sappier said.

In Windham, outside the home of Mary and Malcolm Lyons, Baldacci and Rodriguez
signed a deal by which Citgo will donate $5.5 million to help low-income Mainers
keep warm. The residents, who are in their late 80s and receive help with their
heating bills under the Low Income Home Energy Assistance Program, also received
a planned delivery of heating oil to symbolize the deal between Maine and Citgo.

Under the state's agreement, the Houston-based subsidiary of Venezuela's
state-owned oil company is selling 8 million gallons of heating oil on the open
market and donating what amounts to a 40 percent discount to Maine. The sum will
provide an additional $100 worth of fuel to each of Maine's 48,000 LIHEAP
beneficiaries.

The company also is donating 120,000 gallons of oil to 40 homeless shelters in
the state.

Citgo previously agreed to provide discounted oil in Massachusetts and the
Bronx, N.Y., and is working on similar deals in Rhode Island and Vermont.
Earlier this month, the Legislature allocated an additional $5 million to put
toward the state's LIHEAP program.

With this winter's sharp rise in oil prices and the federal government's refusal
to increase LIHEAP benefits, Baldacci said Maine called on multinational oil
companies to offer assistance to "the most vulnerable in our society."

"Citgo-Venezuela was the only corporation to come forward and recognize the need
that was out there," the governor said.

The state's latest weekly survey found that the average price statewide was
$2.36, or nearly 50 cents higher than at this time last year, according to the
Office of Energy Independence and Security.

At the Indian Island signing ceremony, leaders of the four tribes praised Citgo
and the Venezuelan government for helping low-income people.

"We have Passamaquoddys we've had to refuse in the past. There's never enough,"
Robert Newell, Passamaquoddy governor at Indian Township, said of the tribe's
financial resources. "This help we're getting from the Venezuelan government is
unexpected but deeply appreciated."

Bernardo Alvarez-Herrera, Venezuela's ambassador to the U.S., was expected to
attend the signings but did not make it because of flight delays. Instead, he
sent a statement that Sappier read aloud at the tribal signing.

"We are pleased that Citgo has the resources to be able to help keep people in
New England warm this winter," Sappier read from the statement. "In Venezuela,
as in your country, our indigenous people have been left behind for too long."

Rodriguez said Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez was motivated to help low-income
Americans after learning of the destruction left last year in the wakes of
Hurricanes Katrina and Rita.

"Citgo needs to continue to help the poor people in the United States,"
Rodriguez said. "Thank you for permitting us to help you."

Critics say Chavez was offering oil deals to Maine and other cold-weather states
in the Northeast to embarrass President Bush, whom he has called "a madman." But
Baldacci brushed aside questions about politics and focused on the need to help
Mainers get through the winter.

"It's not about politics. This is about helping the people," Baldacci said. "Our
government recognizes that these are humanitarian gestures."

An American Citgo sales executive, who attended the event but asked not to be
quoted by name, said the company has received considerable positive feedback for
the donations but said it was too soon to tell whether it will help boost sales
for the company.

"We've only been doing this for a couple of weeks," he said.

The Associated Press contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 22, 2011 Friday

Golden Gate transit and ferry fare increases approved

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; News; Local

LENGTH: 351 words


The Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District's board of directors
Friday unanimously approved increases over the next five years to Golden Gate
Transit and Golden Gate Ferry fares.

The fare increases begin July 1.

The adult cash fares for all Golden Gate Transit regional bus rides and for
regional bus routes within Marin County will increase five percent annually.

Discounted bus fares for youth ages 6 to 18, seniors 65 and older, and people
with disabilities will remain discounted at 50 percent of the new adult cash
fare rate.

Discounted bus fares for Clipper card users will remain at 20 percent of the
adult fare.

Clipper card fares will not increase on the Golden Gate Ferry during the first
year of the five-year fare increase program because those fares were raised on
Jan. 1.

Adult single ride fares on the Sausalito Ferry will increase by $1 in the first
year of the five-year program starting July 1, and will increase 5 percent a
year over the next four years.

Adult single-ride fares on the Larkspur Ferry will increase five percent
annually starting July 1.

On both the Sausalito and Larkspur ferries, the discounted fare for youth ages
6-18 who use Clipper Cards, seniors 65 and older and people with disabilities
will remain at 50 percent off of the new adult cash fare rate.

The special event ferry fare rate to AT&T Park will be $8.75, the same as the
Larkspur Ferry adult single ride fare, starting July 1 and will increase five
percent each of the next four years.

The Port of San Francisco is imposing a 25-cent surcharge for each passenger
boarding or alighting at the AT&T Park ferry dock, bridge district spokeswoman
Mary Currie said.

The fare increases over five years will generate $2.6 million in additional
revenue and the anticipated loss of ridership because of the fare increases is
estimated at 1.8 percent, Currie said.

The district's 2009 financial plan anticipated an $89 million budget shortfall
over five years.

Copyright © 2011 by Bay City News, Inc. republication, re-transmission or reuse
without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             April 22, 2011 Friday

Golden Gate transit and ferry fare increases approved

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; News; State; Local

LENGTH: 352 words


The Golden Gate Bridge, Highway and Transportation District's board of directors
Friday unanimously approved increases over the next five years to Golden Gate
Transit and Golden Gate Ferry fares.

The fare increases begin July 1.

The adult cash fares for all Golden Gate Transit regional bus rides and for
regional bus routes within Marin County will increase five percent annually.

Discounted bus fares for youth ages 6 to 18, seniors 65 and older, and people
with disabilities will remain discounted at 50 percent of the new adult cash
fare rate.

Discounted bus fares for Clipper card users will remain at 20 percent of the
adult fare.

Clipper card fares will not increase on the Golden Gate Ferry during the first
year of the five-year fare increase program because those fares were raised on
Jan. 1.

Adult single ride fares on the Sausalito Ferry will increase by $1 in the first
year of the five-year program starting July 1, and will increase 5 percent a
year over the next four years.

Adult single-ride fares on the Larkspur Ferry will increase five percent
annually starting July 1.

On both the Sausalito and Larkspur ferries, the discounted fare for youth ages
6-18 who use Clipper Cards, seniors 65 and older and people with disabilities
will remain at 50 percent off of the new adult cash fare rate.

The special event ferry fare rate to AT&T Park will be $8.75, the same as the
Larkspur Ferry adult single ride fare, starting July 1 and will increase five
percent each of the next four years.

The Port of San Francisco is imposing a 25-cent surcharge for each passenger
boarding or alighting at the AT&T Park ferry dock, bridge district spokeswoman
Mary Currie said.

The fare increases over five years will generate $2.6 million in additional
revenue and the anticipated loss of ridership because of the fare increases is
estimated at 1.8 percent, Currie said.

The district's 2009 financial plan anticipated an $89 million budget shortfall
over five years.

Copyright © 2011 by Bay City News, Inc. "... republication, re-transmission or
reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville New Jersey)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           February 19, 2013 Tuesday

Just Opened: Tuesday Morning brings discounted merchandise to Rio Grande

BYLINE: Kevin Post, The Press of Atlantic City, Pleasantville, N.J.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 440 words


Feb. 19--Business: Tuesday Morning

Location: 1500 Route 47 South, Rio Grande, Middle Township

Owner: Publicly owned, traded on Nasdaq

District manager: Jamie Agostino, of Egg Harbor Township

Employees: 8 at Rio Grande store

Phone: 609-886-1333

Tuesday Morning, a national retailer focused on heavily discounted brand-name
and other first-quality merchandise, has opened a new store in the Rio Grande
section of Middle Township.

District manager Jamie Agostino said the chain offers discounts of up to 80
percent from retail prices and offers a broad, home-oriented inventory of
bedding, bath linens, rugs, lamps, decorative items, furniture, cookware,
tableware, luggage, toys and lawn and garden items.

"We also have changing seasonal offerings and holiday merchandise, for example
for Easter, Halloween, Christmas and Thanksgiving," said Agostino, of Egg Harbor
Township.

Tuesday Morning also has a robust online retail operation, with much of the
store inventory and many items not found in its 840 stores, she said.

The company was founded by Lloyd Ross as a warehouse retail operation that
offered its merchandise by invitation for limited periods -- hence the name
Tuesday Morning, a company spokeswoman said.

Ross send out green cards announcing the sales events, a method reflected today
in the chain regularly sending out 9 million or so fliers for sale events 10
months of the year.

Agostino said the company's buyers seek brand-name merchandise in the U.S. and
abroad that it can sell at a heavy discount. "We buy a lot of closeout items."

She said the new Rio Grande store, at 8,000 square feet, is a smaller one for
the chain, with some in her 11 store district at 23,000 square feet.

"We've learned that we do very well in towns near beaches," she said. "We
ventured down there to capture the regular customers as well as the summer
customers."

Tuesday Morning opened its first store in the area in the Cardiff section of Egg
Harbor Township, and in 2011 moved to a more prominent location in the Festival
at Hamilton, across from the Hamilton Mall.

More locations may be coming to New Jersey, which might fit into the
Nasdaq-traded company's expansion plans.

"Right now, we have 11 stores in New Jersey, so we haven't really penetrated all
of this market yet," Agostino said. "From what I've been told, we're looking
into the Northeast, a shopping mecca, and they're really interested in getting
more locations for us in New Jersey, New York and Pennsylvania."

___ (c)2013 The Press of Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) Visit The Press of
Atlantic City (Pleasantville, N.J.) at www.pressofatlanticcity.com Distributed
by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130219-1AC-Just-Opened-Tuesday-Morning-brings-discounted
-merchandise-to-Rio-Grande-0219-20130219

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AC


                   Copyright 2013 The Press of Atlantic City


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 6, 2011 Wednesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Peco to end discount rates, braces for complaints

BYLINE: By Andrew Maykuth; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 532 words


Peco Energy Co. is formally notifying 215,000 residential customers that two
popular discounted rates will expire at the end of next year, but it is
rationing the bad news to reduce the chance that irate ratepayers will overwhelm
its call center.

The Philadelphia utility is sending letters to 11,000 customers each week over
four months to let them know that the end is near for their discounted electric
heating and off-peak water-heating rates.

Peco began sending the letters last month, spokesman Ben Armstrong said Tuesday.
The notifications are being spread out to prevent a tsunami of customers from
calling Peco's switchboard at once.

The discounted rates, which were established decades ago to encourage customers
to switch to electric heating, will be cut by half Jan. 1 and eliminated by the
end of 2012.

The Inquirer reported in November that the discounts would be phased out, but
Peco delayed formally notifying customers to reduce confusion amid the
tumultuous introduction of retail market rates this year.

Since Jan. 1, dozens of alternative suppliers have launched campaigns to supply
discounted power to Peco customers. Under deregulation, Peco continues to
distribute power over its wires, but customers are free to shop around for a
power provider.

For customers who don't switch, Peco provides power at a default rate. But to
make the default rate equitable, the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission
ordered Peco to end the discounts, which are effectively subsidized by other
ratepayers.

"This isn't a Peco mandate to eliminate these rates," Armstrong said. "It's
something that's required of us."

About 141,000 residential customers get the heating rate, called RH, which
provides a discount of about 45 percent for consumption in excess of 600
kilowatt hours during the winter months. Peco said the discount saves a typical
RH customer about 5 percent a year.

About 65,000 customers receive the off-peak rate, which provides a 70 percent
discount for power consumed by a water heater that is connected to a separate
meter that cuts off electricity during peak hours.

An additional 9,000 customers get both the heating rate and the off-peak rate.

In a letter to customers, Peco vice president Mark Alden says the utility has
programs to help them reduce costs. The utility also plans to introduce
time-of-use rates next year, which reward customers for shifting consumption to
off-peak hours.

Peco says it expects alternative suppliers will also make competitive offers to
heating customers next year as the discounted rates disappear.

In the current market, alternative suppliers are unable to compete for customers
who get the discounted rates because none can match Peco's below-market rates.

Low-income customers who are signed up for the discounted Customer Assistance
Program also have no reason to shop around because they would lose the discounts
if they switched. The CAP program, which is mandated by the state, remains in
place.

Peco has 1.6 million customers. About 300,000 have switched to alternative
suppliers since Jan. 1.

Customers can contact Peco at www.pecoanswers.com or 1-800-494-4000.

Contact staff writer Andrew Maykuth at 215-854-2947 or amaykuth@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Prince Rupert Daily News (British Columbia)

                            April 17, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

More low-cost airlines and more discount-granting websites

BYLINE: Arthur Frommer, Special to The Daily News

SECTION: TRAVEL; Budget Travel; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 758  words


The hot new travel product? Low-cost airlines. All the giants (American, United,
Delta) are scrambling to create their own. Delta has launched (as of April 15)
its "Song" (yes, that's the new airline's name), flying initially between the
Northeast and Florida. And now, amazingly, no fewer than four cut-rate carriers
fly between New York and West Palm Beach, Fla.: Song (www.flysong.com,
800/FLYSONG), Southwest (www.southwest.com, 800/I-FLY-SWA), JetBlue
(www.jetblue.com, 800/JET-BLUE) and AirTran (www .airtran.com, 800/AIR-TRAN).
Watch for a bloody price war. To fly anywhere on Florida's west coast, it will
now probably pay to take one of those four lines to West Palm Beach and then
change (depending on the number of people in your party) to bus or taxi from
there to Fort Lauderdale, Miami, etc. Same for cruises leaving Fort Lauderdale.

The newest cut-rate airline in Europe is Snowflake, a subsidiary of elegant
Scandinavian Airlines (SAS), flying from Copenhagen, Denmark, and Stockholm,
Sweden, to points south. Of course, low-cost Ryanair (www.ryanair.com) remains
the airline success story on the Continent, charging even less than comparable
U.S. flights cost on our own Southwest Airlines. But keep in mind that the
Irish-owned Ryanair flies mainly to secondary airports. Advertising flights to
Frankfurt, Germany, Ryanair really drops you off at Hahn Airport, two hours by
bus from Frankfurt. Flights billed to Hamburg, Germany, actually arrive in
Luebeck, Germany. Going to Brussels, Belgium, means landing at Charleroi Airport
37 miles to the south.

The newest booking engine for hotel rooms is Travelweb.com, owned by Hilton,
Hyatt, Marriott, Six Continents and Starwood. You might take a look when the
site becomes fully operational toward the end of April.

Other Web sites for last-minute hotels or packages are booming, with new
services announced virtually each month. Lowestfare.com, formerly owned by Carl
Icahn and then sold to Priceline, has been reborn as a seller of heavily
discounted weekly packages (airfares and hotels combined). The British-operated
Laterooms.com and the Australian-operated Wotif.com offer sensational discounts
at hotels all over the world. (To induce hotels to give them their very lowest
rates, Wotif.com lists availability and rates for only the next 13 days.) The
giant, British-owned Lastminute.com offers eve-of-departure bargains for
air-and-land packages primarily from London. And, of course, both Priceline.com
and Hotwire.com are rich sources of discounted hotel rooms in the United States.

A great many charming, family-owned, moderately priced hotels in Europe belong
to marketing chains with Web sites for discounted rates. Www.ringhotels.de lists
bargains for 150 affordable German "Ringhotels"; www.dansk-kroferie.dk supplies
discounted rates and reservations for 83 special inns and hotels in Denmark;
www.charmerelax.com has cut-rate prices for 142 Italian members of the Charme &
Relax group; www. eurohotels.no lists 30 hotels in especially scenic areas of
Norway; and Switzerland has a group known as Idyll Hotels, www.idyll.ch

Ever heard of a mileage run? Instead of buying just a New York/JFK to Los
Angeles fare, a friend of ours booked a ticket from JFK to Hong Kong that
allowed a free stopover in Los Angeles. The fare all the way to Asia was only
$75 more than to Los Angeles International Airport alone, but he earned an extra
14,460 frequent-flier miles (no wonder the airlines are in such trouble).

How about a little Schopenhauer for this summer's vacation? A touch of
Thucydides? A dollop of Kierkegaard? In the heady atmosphere of St. John's
College (the "great books" school), overlooking the awesome mountain/desert
scenery of central New Mexico at Santa Fe, a Summer Classics program (July 13 to
Aug. 1) allows adults of all ages to use the college's residences, dining halls
and seminar tables to discuss one book -- a single, solitary classic of the
Western tradition -- for one entire week, assisted by two faculty tutors of St.
John's awesome faculty. (You select the book from three offered each week, read
about 40 or 50 pages each evening and argue their meaning with fellow
vacationers for three hours the next morning; afternoons are for desert
sightseeing). It's the most cerebral summer activity in America today -- but no
one tests you, grades you or even forces you to speak out. The cost: $800 per
week chosen, plus $475 per week for room and board. For more on Summer Classics,
contact Summer Classics at St. John's, 505/984-6104 or www.sjcsf.edu.

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Photo Courtesy of St. John's College; The campus of St. John's College in
central New Mexico is the location for the Summer Classics book program. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2003 Prince Rupert Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 June 29, 2004 Tuesday 0 South Pinellas Edition

PSC staff okays utility discount

BYLINE: LOUIS HAU

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 700 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


Six years ago, Tampa Electric Co. employed a seldom-used practice of offering
discounted utility rates to help lure a Miami company into the area to build a
new chlorine bleach plant.

Now, that deal is being examined by the Florida Public Service Commission, which
is expected to rule July 6 on whether the discount is being improperly
subsidized by other ratepayers. The PSC staff recommended last week that the
commission uphold the discount.

The dispute over electricity rates for Odyssey Manufacturing, now of Tampa, is
related to a lawsuit that has been filed by rival Allied Universal Corp. of
Miami, which also petitioned the PSC to revoke Odyssey's deal with Tampa
Electric.

In the petition filed with the PSC, Allied claims Odyssey provided false
information in saying it needed the discount in order to open the new plant. The
petition also says the rate is too low to cover fuel costs and other variables
that must be covered to keep such deals from harming other ratepayers. Allied
also noted that the Tampa Electric employee who negotiated the lower rate with
Odyssey was hired by the company about four months after the two sides reached a
rate agreement.

The PSC generally forbids utilities from offering discounts on its rates but
provides an exemption for cases where an industrial user would either leave or
not be willing to locate in a utility's region at prevailing electricity rates.

Allied has sued Odyssey in Miami-Dade County Circuit Court, seeking compensatory
damages for Odyssey's alleged interference in Allied's attempt to build a bleach
plant in Tampa. Three other counts alleging antitrust violations have been
dismissed.

The state Office of Public Counsel, which represents the interests of utility
customers before the PSC, has asked the commission to review Tampa Electric's
rate agreement with Odyssey to ensure that Tampa Electric ratepayers aren't
being adversely affected.

A PSC staff recommendation issued last week advised the commission to dismiss
Allied's request to revoke Tampa Electric's discounted rate with Odyssey.

Tampa Electric spokesman Ross Bannister said the company's rate agreement with
Odyssey is the only discounted rate at the utility he's aware of. According to
the PSC, Gulf Power Co. of Pensacola has two clients which have discounted
rates; Progress Energy Florida Inc. of St. Petersburg has permission to grant
such rates, but hasn't done so; and Florida Power & Light Co. of Juno Beach has
no request on file.

Tampa Electric negotiated a 10-year discounted rate for Odyssey in 1998. The
chemical company, then based in Miami, subsequently built a chlorine bleach
manufacturing plant in Tampa. That put it in direct competition with another
Tampa chlorine bleach plant operated by Allied.

Allied alleged that Patrick Allman, the Tampa Electric official who negotiated
the discounted rate with Odyssey, "went far beyond the assistance usually given
to a prospective (Tampa Electric) customer," including providing assistance in
drawing up business and marketing plans, selecting subcontractors and suppliers,
obtaining sales tax exemptions and arranging for Tampa Electric to provide
Odyssey with a power management software system worth more than $25,000.

About four months after Tampa Electric and Odyssey signed an agreement
confirming the lowered electric rate, Allman left his post with the utility to
become general manager at Odyssey.

Allman couldn't be reached for comment. Odyssey president Marvin Rakes declined
to comment on the pending litigation or the PSC case. In a filing with the PSC,
Odyssey asked that Allied's motion be dismissed, arguing that even if the facts
alleged by Allied were true, the PSC does not have the jurisdiction to revoke
Odyssey's discounted rate with Tampa Electric or require it to refund
ratepayers.

Tampa Electric's Bannister said Allman's move to Odyssey soon after negotiating
a rate agreement with the company did not alarm the utility. He also said that
Tampa Electric supports the staff recommendation to dismiss the matter, noting
that "clearly they don't see any value in this going any further."

- Louis Hau can be reached at (813) 226-3404 or hau@sptimes.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           September 16, 2001, Sunday

NEW YORK HOTELS DOING THEIR PART

BYLINE: By MILA ANDRE DAILY NEWS FEATURE WRITER With Anita Budhram

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 650 words

Many New York City hotels have rooms available for those who have been affected
by the disastrous events at the World Trade Center.

* A Hospitality Company (212-965-1102 or thoward@hospico.com) has apartments
available for short-term rental.

* Ameritania Hotel (230 W. 54th St.; 212-247-5000) is offering discounted
distress rates.

* Amsterdam Court Hotel (226 W. 50th St.; 212-459-1000) is offering discounted
distress rates.

* Avenue Plaza Hotel in Brooklyn (4624 13th Ave.; 718-552-3200) is offering
discounted rates for stranded visitors.

* The Bentley (500 E. 62nd St.; 212-644-6000) is offering discounted distress
rates.

* Best Western President (234 W. 48th St., between Broadway and Eighth Ave.;
212-246-8800) is offering discounted distress rates for family and friends.

* The Broadway Hotel (230 W. 101st St., at Broadway; 212-222-2954) is offering
discounted distress rates.

* The Comfort Inn (442 W. 36th St., between Ninth and 10th Aves.; 212-714-6699).

* Crowne Plaza Manhattan (1605 Broadway between 48th & 49th Sts.; 212-977-4000,
1-800-243-6969) has special rates for relatives (ask for in-house reservations).

* Days Hotel Midtown (790 Eighth Ave., at 48th St.; 1-800-572-6232,
212-581-7000).

* The Franklin (164 E. 87th St., off Lexington Ave.; 1-877-847-4444,
www.franklinhotel.com) has discounted rooms available; price includes breakfast.

* The Grand Hyatt New York (Park Ave. at Grand Central; 1-800-233-1234,
212-883-1234).

* The Helmsley Middletowne Hotel (148 E. 48th St.; 1-800-221-4982, 212-755-3000)
is offering discounted distress rates.

* Hilton New York (1335 Sixth Ave.; 212-586-7000) and Hilton Times Square (234
W. 42nd St.; 1-800-HILTONS, 212-840-8222) have rooms available and are offering
discounted distress rates. Ask for rate FF.

* Holiday Inn Express (38-05 Hunters Point Ave., Long Island City;
1-800-HOLIDAY, 718-706-6700).

* Hotel Giraffe (Park Ave. South at 26th St.; 212-685-7700) is offering
discounted distress rates.

* Hotel Wolcott (4 W. 31st St.; 212-268-2900) is offering discounted distress
rates.

* Howard Johnson Plaza Hotel (851 Eighth Ave. at 51st St.; 1-800-426-HOJO,
212-581-4100).

* Kimberly Hotel (145 E. 50th St.; 1-800-683-0400, 212-755-0400) has 50%-off
rates for stranded travelers.

* The Lucerne Hotel (201 W. 79th St.; 212-875-1000) is offering special rates.

* The Malibu Hotel (230 W. Broadway at 103rd St.; 212-663-0275) is offering
special rates.

* The Mansfield (12 W. 44th St.; 212-944-6050) is offering special rates.

* The Mark (25 E. 77th St.; 1-800-843-6275) offers a 50% discount "grievance
rate" through the end of September.

* The Milford Plaza Hotel (270 W. 45 St. at 8th Ave.; 212-869-3600).

* The New York Marriott Marquis, (1535 Broadway, at 45th St.; 212-398-1900).

* Park Central New York (870 Seventh Ave., at 56th St.; 1-800-346-1359,
212-247-8000) is offering special rates.

* The Plaza (768 Fifth Ave., at 59th St.; 1-800-759-3000, 212-759-3000) is
offering a distress rate.

* The Roosevelt Hotel (45 E. 45th St.; 212-661-9600) is offering discounted
rates.

* San Carlos Hotel (150 E. 50th St.; 1-800-722-2012, 212-755-1800) is offering
discount rates.

* The Shoreham (33 W. 55th St. off Fifth Ave.; 877-847-4444, 212-894-5200) is
offering special rates.

* The Waldorf-Astoria (301 Park Ave.; 1-800-WALDORF, 212-355-3000) is offering
special discounted rates to families who may have lost loved ones traveling to
New York. This offer will also be extended to all emergency services personnel
who need accommodations. Callers should ask for the "Friends and Family" rate or
code FF.

* Wales Hotel (1295 Madison Ave., at 92nd St.; 1-877-847-4444, 212-894-5200) is
offering discounted distress rates.

* YMCA-West Side Branch (5 W. 63rd St.; 212-875-4100).

* UrbanLiving.com/CitySonnet.com is an online B&B listing agency that can make
referrals (212-689-6606).


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2001 Daily News, L.P.


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 30, 2006 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: Travel; P03

LENGTH: 768 words


*  Visit Key West, Fla., and get two-for-one admission to many of its major
sights. For example, 90-minute sightseeing tours on the Conch Tour Train or the
Old Town Trolley are $25 for two (usual price is $25 each). Other attractions
offering the deal include the Ernest Hemingway Home & Museum (now $11 for two)
and the Key West Aquarium ($10 for two). Download coupons at www.keywestfun.org
or pick them up at Florida visitors centers. Deal is good through Oct. 15.

*   Mauna Lani Resort at Kalahuipua'a on the Big Island of Hawaii has discounted
rates for stays from May 1 to Sept. 30. The "Summer Discovery Special" starts at
$370 per night, with a three-night minimum, for an ocean-view room; typical Web
rate starts at $448 and the rack rate is $670. Taxes are an extra 11.4 percent.
Info: 800-367-2323, www.maunalani.com.

*  Travelers on the Royal Scotsman's four-night luxury train excursion round
trip from Edinburgh, Scotland, can get a 50 percent discount on a companion
fare. First person pays $5,580 and the second pays $2,790 for the all-inclusive
trip on the 36-passenger train. Deal is good for the July 18 departure. Info:
800-524-2420, www.royalscotsman.com. Request code RS50.

*  Expedition Trips has discounted rates on a "Culture and Antiquities of
Vietnam" cruise aboard the Clipper Odyssey. The nine-day cruise starts at $2,793
per person double (cruise line's starting rate is $4,240). The deal  --  which
includes a night at the Hanoi Hilton  --  is good on the Sept. 27 departure and
must be booked by May 5. Fuel surcharge is $99 extra. Info: 877-412-8527,
www.expeditiontrips.com.

*  Book a cruise through Icruise.com no later than today and receive discounted
fares plus a shipboard credit of up to $200 per cabin. For example, a week-long
Thanksgiving sail on Holland America's Westerdam from Fort Lauderdale, Fla., to
the Western Caribbean departing Nov. 19 is $3,396 per couple for a superior
veranda suite (cruise line is charging $4,346), plus a $200 shipboard credit.
Info: 866-9-ICRUISE, www.icruise.com.

*  French Country Waterways has discounted several of its barge cruises in
France's Alsace-Lorraine, Burgundy and Upper Loire Valley regions. The
$400-per-person price reductions are valid May 7-20, July 23-Aug. 19 and Oct.
22-Nov. 4. Prices start at $3,495 per person double, including beverages and
shore excursions. Info: 800-222-1236, www.fcwl.com.

*  Midwest Airlines has launched a systemwide sale for travel through Nov. 20.
For example, fly nonstop from Reagan National to Kansas City for $209 round
trip; other airlines are charging at least $363 for nonstop flights. No advance
purchase is required; cheapest fares for Monday-Saturday travel. Purchase by May
2 at 800-452-2022, www.midwestairlines.com.

*  AirTran has a systemwide sale for travel through Oct. 4. For example, fly
round trip from BWI, Reagan National or Dulles to Atlanta for $199 (including
taxes); other airlines are charging about $264. Travel Tuesdays, Wednesdays and
Saturdays for the cheapest prices. Book by May 4. A 14-day advance purchase is
required; blackout dates apply. Info: 800-AIRTRAN, www.airtran.com.

*   Spend six nights in Vienna and Florence with a package from Austrian
Airlines. From May 26 to Sept. 3, the price is $1,499 per person double (plus
about $120 taxes), including round-trip air from Dulles to Florence (with a
stopover in Vienna), three nights at the three-star Hotel Capri in Vienna and
three nights at the four-star Hotel Rivoli in Florence. The price drops by $200
for travel Sept. 4-Oct. 31. The deal includes daily buffet breakfast. Priced
separately, air to Florence with a stop in Vienna in July would cost about
$1,512 and the hotels about $930, for a savings of about $716 per couple. Info:
800-790-4682, www.austrianair-vacations.com.

*  Book a vacation with Northwest to El Dorado Royale in Mexico's Riviera Maya
and get upgraded to first-class air. A seven-night trip to the luxury
all-inclusive with first-class air and transfers is $2,552 per person double,
including taxes. Priced separately, the thatch-roofed casita suites would cost
about $600 per night per couple and the airfare about $1,230, for a savings of
about $1,556 per couple. Travel June 15-Oct. 31; book by May 6 through a travel
agent or at 800-800-1504. Request promotion code QWV6356.

--  Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 The Washington Post


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              May 23, 2008 Friday

Drivers line up for savings of 92 cents a gallon on gas;
Auto dealerships' 92nd anniversary celebration drew hundreds.

BYLINE: LARRY HANNAN

SECTION: Pg. A-12

LENGTH: 299 words


Waiting two hours for gas would get on almost anyone's nerves.

But Lisa Avery found Thursday's experience at the Chevron on Park Street and
Cassat Avenue fun.

"I'm the type of person who enjoys going to the store on the day after
Thanksgiving," said Avery, 35, who drove from Green Cove Springs to buy gas that
was priced at under $3.

Avery was one of several hundred people who waited in long lines to buy
discounted gas at two gas stations Thursday.

Duval Ford, Duval Honda, Duval Acura and Duval Mazda at The Avenues celebrated
92 years in Jacksonville by offering gas discounted by 92 cents a gallon, which
ended up being $2.99 a gallon.

The Chevron offered discounted gas from 2 to 4 p.m. The other station was the
Kangaroo Express at Southside Boulevard and Philips Highway, which offered
discounted gas from 10 a.m. to noon.

The discount was up to 15 gallons a vehicle. The auto dealerships also offered
to check the oil of customers and wash their windows. Fuel-efficient cars
available from the dealerships also were on display for interested customers.

The event may have been too successful, with customers still waiting in line
when the event ended at 4 p.m. Sponsors of the event tried to extend it until 5
p.m., but police who were directing traffic objected because they didn't want
cars to be backed up onto Cassat Avenue when rush hour began.

Rick Jones, president of Scott-McRae Advertising, public relations arm for the
auto dealerships, said they would try to do the gas discount again.

They expected a lot of people but were still overwhelmed by how popular the
promotion was, Jones said.

Carol Zerba, 52, of Jacksonville, said it was great to buy gas that was cheap,
although she pointed out the meaning of the world "cheap" has changed.

larry.hannan@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4470

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
KELLY JORDAN/The Times-Union HE MADE IT Matt Snyder of Jacksonville leans out to
check his status in line Thursday as the deadline for cheap gasoline drew near
at the Kangaroo Express station on Southside Boulevard. KELLY JORDAN/The
Times-Union SHE DIDN'T MAKE IT A driver shows her disappointment Thursday after
finding out she just missed the noon deadline for discount gas at the Kangaroo
Express at Southside Boulevard and Philips Highway.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

UNO offering hockey ticket discount to UNMC

LENGTH: 121  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

The UNMC community is being offered discounted ticket prices for this weekend's
UNO Mavericks hockey games against second-ranked North Dakota.

The eighth-ranked Mavericks will play North Dakota at 7:37 p.m. Friday and 7:07
p.m. Saturday. Tickets are discounted to $15 in the lower bowl and $10 in the
upper bowl.

To purchase your discounted seats, click here.

Use the promo code BEATND (case sensitive) to get the discounted price.

If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account, select your seat and then print
tickets from your own computer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 26, 2015 Monday

UNO offering hockey ticket discount to UNMC

LENGTH: 121  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

The UNMC community is being offered discounted ticket prices for this weekend's
UNO Mavericks hockey games against second-ranked North Dakota.

The eighth-ranked Mavericks will play North Dakota at 7:37 p.m. Friday and 7:07
p.m. Saturday. Tickets are discounted to $15 in the lower bowl and $10 in the
upper bowl.

To purchase your discounted seats, click here.

Use the promo code BEATND (case sensitive) to get the discounted price.

If necessary, create a Ticketmaster account, select your seat and then print
tickets from your own computer.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           February 4, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Arizona dude ranch revisits the Old West

BYLINE: MAX HARROLD, The Gazette

SECTION: TRAVEL; DEALS OF THE WEEK; Pg. G3

LENGTH: 841  words


ARIZONA BY HORSEBACK

Tanque Verde Ranch, a dude ranch in Tucson, Ariz., has several package deals
with discounts for stays over the next few months. Discounted rates start at
$175 per person, per night and include "deluxe" accommodations, three meals
daily, horseback riding and cattle herding, tennis, fishing, mountain biking,
swimming and hiking. Kids aged 4 through 12 can participate in one of three
supervised groups: Buckaroos, Wranglers and Outlaws.

The 24,281-hectare ranch has 180 horses to provide an Old West feel, with
experienced wranglers and guides on hand. There is also a spa if you need to
relax any sore muscles. The ranch has been around since 1868, and is located
near the Rincon Mountains, Saguaro National Park and the Coronado National
Forest. The resort has traditional adobe walls, Santa Fe-style architecture and
rooms decorated in southwestern style that offer "spectacular scenic views of
the desert and mountains."

For more information, visit tanqueverderanch.com.

STARWOOD-CAA HOTEL DEAL

Starwood Hotels and Resorts has launched its Hot Deals sale for Canadian
Automobile Association and American Automobile Association members at more than
175 participating hotels and resorts in Eastern Canada and the U.S. Northeast
and Midwest, if you book by Wednesday for stays now through April 30. As part of
the deal, CAA/AAA members can receive up to 30 per cent savings for weekend
stays at some hotels for arrivals Thursday to Saturday, and for arrivals all
days of the week at other hotels. For example, you could stay at the Sheraton
Centre Toronto or the Westin Harbour Castle for $129 per room, per night (for
weekend stays) or you could stay at W New York in Manhattan from $189 per room,
per night (weekends). Many properties also offer extras like breakfast and free
parking. Starwood brands include Sheraton, Westin, Four Points, Le Méridien, W
and Aloft. You can book by visiting starwood promos.com/autodeal or calling
1-877-782-0108 and mentioning the rate plan AUTODEAL.

SEVEN SEAS CRUISE SAVINGS

Regent Seven Seas Cruises is offering deeply discounted fares, free land
excursions and discounted airfares for some of its cruise itineraries if you
book by March 31 for cruises now through Dec. 28. For example, you could save
$1,500 on the $6,501 fare (per person, based on double occupancy) for the
15-night trip from Fort Lauderdale to Barcelona that departs March 18. Or you
could save $1,500 on the seven-night Athens to Istanbul trip fare of $4,917 that
departs April 16. Or save $1,250 on the 11-night San Francisco to Vancouver
(with stops in Alaska) fare of $6,213 that departs May 1. The trips are
all-inclusive, meaning the fares cover food and beverages on board. Discounted
flights booked through the cruise line are from select gateway cities, including
Boston and Newark, N.J.

For more information, talk to your travel agent or visit rssc. com/specials.

GOOD DEALS IN LAS VEGAS

If you're thinking of heading to Las Vegas, there's a website that can hook you
up with discounts offered by hotels, restaurants and entertainment event
organizers. SmarterVegas.com aggregates hotel and entertainment deals only in
Las Vegas; the deals come in the form of promo codes directly from the hotels.
For example, the Mirage is offering accommodations of $79 per room per night
(with a two-night minimum). Or you could stay at Caesars Palace for $65 per
room, per night. For more information, visit smartervegas. com.

PANAMA CITY BEACH, FLA., FOR MARDI GRAS

Seahaven Beach Resorts in Panama City Beach, Fla., is having a Mardi Gras
special Feb. 14 to 22; if you book two nights you get the third one free and
rooms are available starting at $65, based on double occupancy and a two-night
minimum stay. The package includes admission to a Mardi Gras-themed party at
Sharky's on Sunday, Feb. 19 and two complimentary drinks. To book, call
1-800-874-7101 or for more information visit seahavenbeach.com.

For more lodging and activity packages in the area, visit the Panama City Beach
Convention and Visitors Bureau's website at panamacitybeach.com.

BERMUDA FOR SPRING BREAK

The Bermuda Department of Tourism is co-ordinating a College Week Reunion aimed
at baby boomers from March 15 to 18, with hotel and activity packages for the
three-night weekend starting at $598 per person. I'm told these packages will
have themes modelled on college vacations from the 1960s and 1970s and will
include accommodations at your choice of 14 hotels and resorts and three-day
passes for access to special events and transportation to and from the hotels.

The events include poolside cocktails and a dinner party at Beau Rivage
restaurant overlooking Hamilton Harbour, a party at Leau Bar at Newstead Belmont
Hills Golf Resort and Spa, a Booze Cruise and lunch aboard the MV Lady Tamara
and an evening party at the Cellar at the Fairmont Southampton. There will also
be a barbecue dinner party at the Fairmont Southampton Beach Club.

For more information, visit gotobermuda.com/travel-deals/ college-week-reunion.

mharrold@ montrealgazette.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TANQUE VERDE RANCH; Tanque Verde Ranch in Tucson, Ariz., is a
24,281-hectare destination with 180 horses, experienced wranglers and guides.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

Discounted tickets to UNO men's basketball

LENGTH: 146  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the UNO Mavericks men's basketball team battle
the Northern Colorado Bears.

Tickets are discounted to $10 for best available seating. In addition, an hour
before tip-off, hot dogs, beer and beverages will be only $1.

The Mavs play Wednesday, Dec. 17 at 7 p.m. at the Ralston Arena, 7300 Q St.

Get discounted tickets here. The promo code is FACULTY (case sensitive). If
necessary, create a Ticketmaster account, select your seat, then print tickets
from your own computer.

Contact Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Offiice at (402) 554-4993 or email
jsutherland@unomaha.edu with questions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 17, 2014 Wednesday

Discounted tickets to UNO men's basketball

LENGTH: 146  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:


UNMC employees and students are invited to take advantage of a special
discounted ticket offer to see the UNO Mavericks men's basketball team battle
the Northern Colorado Bears.

Tickets are discounted to $10 for best available seating. In addition, an hour
before tip-off, hot dogs, beer and beverages will be only $1.

The Mavs play Wednesday, Dec. 17 at 7 p.m. at the Ralston Arena, 7300 Q St.

Get discounted tickets here. The promo code is FACULTY (case sensitive). If
necessary, create a Ticketmaster account, select your seat, then print tickets
from your own computer.

Contact Jason Sutherland in the UNO Ticket Office at (402) 554-4993 or email
jsutherland@unomaha.edu with questions.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    December 23, 1990, Sunday, City Edition

Discounted mortgages can pay off

BYLINE: ROBERT J. BRUSS

SECTION: BRANDON TIMES; REAL ESTATE NOTEBOOK; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 801 words



Recently I had the pleasure of speaking at the Miami Home Buyer's Fair. After I
gave my speech at the "Small Investor's Forum" a very well-dressed gentleman
from Puerto Rico wanted to talk privately about his real estate investments. He
recently sold his business but was not satisfied investing his profits for the
modest yields of income properties and other investments. When I asked whether
he might be interested in returns of 15 percent to 20 percent, often higher,
with minimal risk he suddenly became very interested.

    What did I recommend?

    A little known real estate investment involving very little management time,
no physical labor, low risk and high cash flow. As you may have guessed, I
suggested investing in discounted mortgages.

    Most people have never heard of a discounted mortgage.  Explained very
simply, it is an existing mortgage purchased, usually from an individual, for
less than the loan balance owed. The result is a high yield to the investor,
although the borrower continues paying the agreed interest rate.

    To illustrate, suppose you sold your home and, to help finance your buyer's
purchase, you carried back a $ 20,000 second mortgage at 10 percent interest for
20 years. Each month your buyer faithfully pays you $ 193. But now you
unexpectedly need cash because your spouse wants to take a trip around the
world. You decide to sell your mortgage. But you discover that mortgage is worth
something less than $ 20,000. Making several phone calls to local mortgage
brokers you get offers from $ 11,361.05 to $ 14,657.18.

    If you sell the mortgage at a discount, the borrower will continue paying 10
percent interest with a $ 193 monthly payment. However, the loan broker who
offered $ 11,361.05 will earn a 20 percent yield on his invested dollars. But
the investor who offered you $ 14,657.18 will receive only a 15 percent return
on his investment. Although you will be taking a discount, you will have the
cash to make your trip around the world, so everyone comes out happy.

    Investing in discounted mortgages is a very profitable, but little known
business. No real estate license is required if you invest for yourself and do
not charge any fee. But due to the high yields, there are usually more buyers
for discounted mortgages than there are sellers.

    The primary source of discounted mortgages is individuals (usually property
sellers who took back a mortgage). Hard money lenders such as banks and S&Ls are
not discount mortgage sources because they won't admit their older low interest
loans are worth less than the amount the borrower owes.

    Newspaper classified want ads under "loans" and letters to sellers who
carried back mortgages are the primary methods of finding discounted mortgages.
Other sources include real estate brokers, realty developers, mortgage brokers,
home builders and lenders with loans in foreclosure.

     You may be thinking a better alternative is to make direct, hard money
loans to borrowers who need money. However, such loans come under state usury
law limitations, truth-in-lending loan disclosure rules and high yields are
difficult to obtain. However, discounted mortgages are not subject to usury laws
and disclosure rules but are much easier to acquire by a simple purchase from
the lender.

     The basic safety rule for discounted mortgage investors is never to invest
in a mortgage on property you wouldn't mind owning if the borrower defaults.
Single-family houses are considered the best loan security, but safe discounted
mortgages on other properties also are available.

    Most experienced investors in discounted mortgages never buy a mortgage if
the loan-to-value ratio exceeds 75 percent. For example, if a home is worth $
100,000 and it has a $ 50,000 first mortgage, a $ 35,000 second mortgage
purchase could be dangerous unless it can be bought for $ 25,000 or less.

    Another factor to consider is the type of property.  Management-intense
buildings such as hotels are dangerous for discounted mortgage investors.
Another risky property type is vacant land since it doesn't produce any income.

    In addition to the loan-to-value ratio and property type, other risk factors
to consider include the loan's position such as a first or second mortgage, late
charges, prepayment penalties and due on sale clauses. But one way of minimizing
risk is always to obtain title insurance on all discounted mortgages purchased.
 Robert J. Bruss is a nationally syndicated columnist on real estate.  Write to
him in care of At Home, St. Petersburg Times, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg,
Fla. 33731.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: BRANDON TIMES; TAMPA

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             July 19, 2011 Tuesday

Vermont in Brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 943 words


Tuesday July 19, 2011

Vermont names 2
to get discounted broadband links

MONTPELIER (AP) -- The Vermont Telecommunications Authority says it has chosen
two companies for incentive discounts to provide "last mile" broadband
connections.

VTA officials said Monday that Southern Vermont Broadband Cooperative and Cloud
Alliance, LLC, have been chosen for the discounted commercial broadband
connections on the Vermont FiberConnect network.

More awards are expected in the coming weeks.

Aiming to reach places in Vermont now underserved by broadband, the VTA picked
the providers and Sovernet Fiber Corp., will offer them sharply-discounted
network connections.

The companies plan to target Hardwick and Stanford, which the VTA says are among
the most underserved communities in rural Vermont.

Church burglarized
of vessel, cross

BURLINGTON (AP) -- Police in Vermont say a church in Burlington has been
burglarized, causing thousands of dollars' worth of damage.

Lt. Tim Charland of the Burlington Police Department ays that sometime Sunday
night or early Monday, an unknown suspect or suspects made their way into St.
Joseph's Church on Allen Street, forced their way into the tabernacle and stole
a vessel used to contain Holy Communion hosts.

A three-inch cross was taken from the top of the tabernacle, too.

Police are offering a cash reward for information leading to the thieves and the
safe return of the items.

Kansas man charged in Vt. trailer theft

NEWPORT (AP) -- A year after a trailer went missing in Vermont, a Kansas man has
been charged with stealing it.

Thirty-seven-year-old Robert Morse, who has addresses in Hutchinson, Kan., and
Newport, Vt., pleaded not guilty July 8 to buying, receiving, selling,
possession or concealing stolen property.

He's being held at Northern State Correctional Facility in Newport.

The trailer turned up missing July 6, 2010 from NEVTEC, a Newport company that
manufactures commercial kitchen and industrial ventilation systems. One of the
company's employees spotted it later at Wright's Enterprises, in Derby, where it
was being sold on consignment. The seller told police he bought it from Morse.

Court hearing
held on Dean
Foods' settlement

RUTLAND (AP) -- A federal judge in Vermont is considering whether to approve a
settlement that would require dairy processor Dean Foods Co. to pay Northeast
farmers and their attorneys $30 million to settle antitrust allegations in a
class-action lawsuit.

A hearing was held on Monday to determine whether the settlement is "fair,
reasonable and adequate." U.S. District Court Judge Christina Reiss will take
what the attorneys and a farmer said Monday under advisement.

The settlement stems from a lawsuit that accused Dean Foods; the cooperate Dairy
Farmers of America; and the cooperative's marketing arm, Dairy Marketing
Services, of working together to monopolize the market for raw milk in the
Northeast, resulting in lower prices paid to dairy farmers.

Dean does not admit any wrongdoing.

Police charge motorcyclist
drove 118 mph

CLARENDON (AP) -- Police say a Vermont motorcyclist faces numerous charges after
being caught driving 118 miles per hour in a 50-mph zone.

Twenty-five-year-old Jeremy Duchesne, of Wallingford, was clocked speeding
Saturday on Route 7 near the Clarendon-Wallingford line and allegedly refused to
pull over when police tried to stop him.

They eventually caught up with him at his home.

Duchesne is charged with speeding, careless and negligent operation and
attempting to elude.

Vt. man charged
with lewd act in laundromat

BENNINGTON (AP) -- Police in Vermont say a man has been charged with lewd and
lascivious conduct after being spotted touching himself in a laundromat in North
Bennington.

Two girls alerted a Bennington police officer that the man masturbated in front
of them, but when police arrived, he was gone. As Officer Larry Cole took
statements in the laundromat, the man -- later identified as 47-year-old Thomas
King, Sr., of Shaftsbury -- returned to the scene and was identified by the
girls.

He reportedly was charged with lewd and lascivious conduct with a child.

Activity day in Vt.
for retired military

COLCHESTER (AP) -- Ten-hut: Military retirees from throughout New England are
being invited to an event in Vermont that offers legal assistance, health care
information and details on benefits they may be eligible for.

The 14th annual Northern New England Military Retiree Activity Day is scheduled
for Saturday at Camp Johnson, in Colchester, Vt.

Organizers say retirees from all branches can attend and get updates on military
retirement benefits they've earned while serving in the armed forces.

Sponsored by the Vermont National Guard in cooperation with Hanscom Air Force
Base, Portsmouth Naval Shipyard, Brunswick Naval Air Station, Fort Drum, and the
National Guard and retiree councils from Maine, New Hampshire and Vermont, the
event gets under way at 8 a.m.

It's being held at the Vermont National Guard's regional training institute.

State boosts
paving by 23 miles

MONTPELIER (AP) -- The state of Vermont says it will pave more roadway repairs
this construction season than had been planned originally, due to bad weather
this winter and spring.

The Vermont Agency of Transportation is using $2 million left over from the
just-ended fiscal year to make short-term repairs to about 23 additional miles
of road in spots scattered around the state.

Deputy Transportation Secretary Sue Minter says that will boost funding for
minor paving projects by about 50 percent, to $6 million.

Gov. Peter Shumlin says Vermonters know the state's roads are in rough shape
after an unusually difficult winter and spring, and he's glad the extra repairs
will be made.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Free Dental Hygiene Care for Pacific Students, Discounted Care for Faculty and
Staff

LENGTH: 226  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Hawai'i Pacific University of Honolulu has issued the following news release:

Free Dental Hygiene Care for Pacific Students, Discounted Care for Faculty and
Staff
Thursday, October 23 -> more dates through October 30, 2014
University of the Pacific Dental Care Clinic, Health Sciences Learning Center
and Clinics, Second floor 757 Brookside Road, Stockton, CA

The Pacific community is invited to show off their smiles by taking advantage of
dental hygiene services offered at the on-campus Pacific Dental Care Clinic.
Services are FREE for Pacific students, and discounted for faculty and staff.
The clinic is also open to the community and offers low-cost care. Services
include dental and general health screenings, preventative care (cleanings),
X-rays, sealants and fluoride treatments. Care is provided by dental hygiene
students under faculty supervision. Most insurance plans are accepted.

Call 209.946.7404 to make an appointment. Office hours are Monday - Friday, 9:00
am - 5:00 pm. Clinic appointments are available on Mondays (1:15 pm) and
Wednesdays and Thursdays (8:15 am and 1:15 pm). The Pacific Dental Care Clinic
is located at the Health Sciences Learning Center and Clinics at 757 Brookside
Road, 2nd Floor on the University campus.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                              May 7, 2013, Tuesday

Business briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P6A

LENGTH: 679 words


Frontier offering

discounted service

Frontier Communications announced Monday it will offer discounted broadband
service to low-income residents in eight counties as part of a new federal pilot
program.

Residents in Calhoun, Jackson, Mason, Pleasants, Ritchie, Roane, Wirt and Wood
counties can subscribe to broadband service at discounted rates if they qualify
for the Federal Communications Commission's Lifeline program.

The program historically has provided discounts for phone service to individuals
whose income was at or below 135 percent of the federal poverty level or who
already participated in certain federal or state assistance programs.

The broadband discounts are being offered as part of a yearlong pilot program.

"Frontier is pleased to be taking part in the FCC Lifeline Broadband Pilot
program," said Dana Waldo, vice president and general manager for Frontier in
West Virginia. "As a company committed to being the state's leading broadband
provider, we see the Lifeline program creating greater access to broadband and
awareness of its value."

Participants also will be eligible for digital literacy and computer training.
Frontier has partnered with Future Generations, a West Virginia-based non-profit
organization, to provide the training.

For more information on the program, contact Frontier at 1-888-483-6767.

Government career

fair set for today

The West Virginia Division of Personnel and Workforce West Virginia are
sponsoring a State Government Career Fair from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. today at the
Culture Center.

Representatives from more than 15 state agencies will be on hand to discuss
employment opportunities at their respective agencies.

State officials are seeking candidates to fill positions across state
government, including critical-needs areas such as nursing, social services,
engineering, corrections and law enforcement, natural resources, environmental
protection, human resources, and information technology.

Attendees are asked to bring resumes, identification and any other information
they wish to share with potential agency employers.

For more information about the event or open positions with the government, call
304-558-3950 or visit www. personnel.wv.gov.

Tennant moderates

online service panel

West Virginia Secretary of State Natalie Tennant moderated a panel discussion
about online business services Monday as part of a symposium hosted by the
National Association of Secretaries of State.

The panel discussion, titled "Embracing Next Steps: Mobility, Technology, and
The Future of State Business One-Stops," featured the secretaries of state from
Nevada, Arkansas and North Dakota, as well as representatives from firms that
handle online services for state governments.

Tennant said the state has been successful at implementing web-based programs
like online customer service chat, business identity theft email alerts, and
24/7 online annual report filing.

"It's these types of programs that we have in West Virginia that states are
looking to add in order to be more business friendly," Tennant said. "We have
been very successful in this area, and it shows with how many business owners
file their annual reports online every year and how popular our online chat
feature has become."

The association will use input from the panel discussion to develop
recommendations for states to support business development and economic growth
through business filing and licensing offices.

UC hosts seminar

for Chick-Fil-A

The University of Charleston will serve as the exclusive Kanawha Valley location
for the Chick-fil-A Leadercast this Friday.

Chick-fil-A Leadercast is a one-day leadership development seminar broadcast
live from Atlanta, Ga., to hundreds of locations around the world.

Speakers include former General Electric Chairman and CEO Jack Welch, Duke
University men's basketball coach Mike Krzyzewski and former U.S. Secretary of
State Condoleeza Rice.

The event is limited to registered attendees. To learn more about the event or
register, visit www.chick-fil-aleadercast.com/location/university ofcharleston.

COMPILED BY JARED HUNT

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Charleston Newspapers


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Australian Financial Review

                           September 18, 2001 Tuesday
                                  Late Edition

Fares up as reward points talks continue;
Ticket prices AIRLINE CHAOS

BYLINE: Annabel Hepworth

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 616 words


Ansett's grounding and the rush for passengers to board Qantas and Virgin Blue
flights had generated a discount seating crunch, contributing to a major
increase in the cost of flying domestically, travel agents said yesterday.

And the situation with Ansett reward points and passengers who had booked
holiday packages including accommodation remained unclear.

One of Australia's leading corporate travel firms, Travelforce, noted that there
was a major shortage of discounted seats because of the increase in demand as
Ansett passengers tried to complete journeys.

"The discounted fares are like hen's teeth because of the availability, even
through to January," Travelforce director, Ms Mary-Lou Ross, said.

Travel agents and consultants said the cost of air travel on key domestic routes
had risen dramatically because discount deals which had increased with
Australia's air-fare war after the arrival of discount airlines Virgin Blue and
Impulse had been

exhausted.

The travel operations manager for Australian Business and Conference Travel, Mr
Emilio Sora, said: "There's not an increase as such. It's just that with Qantas
air fares it's been hard to find any of the discounted seats.

"What seems to have happened is the flights have been closed for any of the
discounted fares, so the only thing you can find are basically full economy air
fares."

Mr Sora said travel agents were having major difficulties booking the advance
purchase tickets that come with up to a 60 per cent saving on the full economy
fare and the on-the-spot specials that are discounted by up to 70 per cent.

Qantas chief executive officer, Mr Geoff Dixon, said Qantas had not increased
passenger charges.

He said discount fares were not available because the airline had agreed to
carry, free of charge, return Ansett passengers who had begun their journey
before Thursday.

Mr Dixon said discount fares would return to the market "as soon as possible".

Meanwhile, the Ansett administrator has been discussing what will happen to
passengers who booked Ansett holiday packages involving both flights and
accommodation.

The Accor chairman, Mr David Baffsky, said the hotel group which includes the
Ibis, Mercure, Novotel and All Seasons brands had been providing accommodation
at a "nominal price" to such customers.

Discussions were continuing with airlines in the Star Alliance global group,
which includes Ansett, about customer rewards points.

Singapore Airlines confirmed it would honour redemption reward bookings to March
31, 2002.

A spokesman from United Airlines said it was waiting for directions about the
issue from the company's headquarters in Chicago.

A spokeswoman for the Australian Consumers Association, Ms Gail Kennedy, said
the group believed that either price setting or formal price surveillance,
overseen by the Australian Competition and Consumer Commission, might be
necessary if there was evidence of price gouging on air fares.

DISAPPEARING DISCOUNTS Source: Qantas/Virgin Blue websites

Internet price for economy one-way flight today (if booked yesterday)

Sydney to Melbourne

Qantas    $220 to $330  Virgin Blue   $184

Qantas (Ansett ticket holder*)  $149.60   Virgin Blue (Ansett ticket holder#)
$149.60



Sydney to Brisbane

Qantas    $198 to $363  Virgin Blue   $170

Qantas (Ansett ticket holder*)  $129.80   Virgin Blue (Ansett ticket holder#)
$129.80



Adelaide to Melbourne

Qantas    $209 to $313.50  Virgin Blue   $170

Qantas (Ansett ticket holder*)  $129.80   Virgin Blue (Ansett ticket holder#)
$129.80

Figures do not include other specials

* special domestic air fares for travel until October 31, 2000

# for confirmed tickets between Sep 13 and Oct 31


LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TABLE: DISAPPEARING DISCOUNTS Internet price for economy one-way flight
today (if booked yesterday) Source: Qantas/Virgin Blue websites

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


             Copyright 2001 Fairfax Media Publications Pty. Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             April 22, 2007 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. P03

LENGTH: 905 words

LAND

 The St. Regis Resort in Aspen, Colo., has discounted spring getaway rates for
stays through June 6. A room that typically starts at $275 a night is now $205.
The deal includes valet parking (usually $28 a day) and 25 percent discounts on
spa treatments. Room taxes are an additional 9.6 percent. Info: 866-716-8135,
http://www.stregis.com/aspen (request rate code SPRING).

? Couples Resorts, with four properties in Jamaica, has a Fall in Love Again
promotion, with savings of up to 50 percent on room rates July 1-Dec. 24.
Cheapest dates are generally Aug. 20-Oct. 31 and Dec. 1-24. For example, a
deluxe garden room at Couples Ocho Rios that typically starts at $507 a night
per couple is $279. A garden suite at Couples Swept Away in Negril has been
discounted from $565 per night per couple to $283. Discounts are also available
at Couples San Souci in Ocho Rios and at Couples Negril. Rates are all-inclusive
and also include taxes. Book no later than April 30 at 800-268-7537,
http://www.couples.com.

Furnished Quarters, which provides furnished apartments in New York, New Jersey
and Massachusetts, has reduced spring rates at its Boston apartments. The Park
Lane Seaport on Boston's waterfront has one-bedrooms for $119 a night (savings
of $16) and two bedrooms for $139 (savings of $36). Two other locations --
Devonshire Place in Boston's financial district and Church Park in the Back Bay
area -- have one-bedroom apartments for $129 a night (savings of $21) and two
bedrooms for $149 (savings of $31). Deal is good through May 15. Info:
800-255-8117, http://www.furnishedquarters.com.

SEA

 An eight-night cruise from Villefranche-sur-Mer, France, to Monte Carlo,
Monaco, aboard Silversea's Silver Cloud has been discounted by 40 percent. The
cruise, which departs May 24, starts at $3,897 per person double (plus $200 port
charges and fees). Scheduled port visits include Cannes, France, and several in
Italy, including Naples and Portofino. Info: 800-722-9955,
http://www.silversea.com.

Peter Deilmann Cruises has free airfare and shore excursions on select September
and October voyages aboard the MS Deutschland. Trips include a 14-night British
Isles cruise Sept. 3-17; a 14-night Western Europe cruise, which goes from
Hamburg to Lisbon,  Sept. 17-Oct. 1; a nine-night Lisbon-to-Monte Carlo cruise
Oct. 1-10; and a seven-night Mediterranean round-trip cruise from Monte Carlo
Oct. 10-17. Prices vary. The Oct. 10-17 cruise starts at $3,355 per person
double (plus $125 port charges, $10 per day cruise fuel surcharge and $265 air
taxes and fuel surcharge). The round-trip air from Washington to Nice, France,
is worth about $780, and shore excursions are valued at $400. Info:
800-348-8287, http://www.deilmann-cruises.com.

? Costa Cruises has discounted its October departures of the Costa Victoria. The
four sailings, which travel round trip from Civitavecchia, Italy (near Rome),
start at $699 per person double, a savings of 58 percent. The seven-night cruise
visits Sicily, Greece and Turkey. Port charges and taxes are about $168 per
person. Info: 800-247-7320, http://www.costacruise.com.

AIR

 US Airways has discounted fares from Baltimore to Pittsburgh and New York's
LaGuardia Airport. The round-trip fare to New York is $119 (including $21
taxes); round-trip fare to Pittsburgh is $98 (including $20 taxes; availability
is limited). Other airlines are matching. Book by May 4; complete travel by July
11. Fourteen-day advance purchase is required. Book at http://www.usairways.com,
or pay $10 more by calling 800-428-4322.

? Aer Lingus has sale fares on its new service from Washington Dulles to Dublin.
Round-trip fare for flights Sept. 3-30 starts at $576 (including $90 taxes; some
dates sold out). The fare on other airlines starts at about $707. Sale fare to
Shannon is $630 round trip. Purchase by April 25 at http://www.aerlingus.com, or
pay $32 more by calling 800-474-7424.

PACKAGES

 Overseas Adventure Travel has discounted several South America tours by $200 to
$500 per person. Discounted itineraries include a 17-night "Machu Picchu and the
Galapagos" tour; the 12-night "The Wilderness Beyond: Patagonia, Tierra Del
Fuego & the Chilean Fjords" tour; and a 13-night "Chilean Fjords & Patagonia
Wilderness" tour. The Wilderness Beyond tour, for example, has been discounted
by $300 per person for the Nov. 17 departure; the $4,770 per person price (plus
$90 taxes) includes round-trip air from Washington; three nights' lodging in
Buenos Aires; two nights in Calafate, Argentina; one night in Torres del Paine,
Chile; one night at a ranch near Punta Arenas, Chile; one night in Ushuaia,
Argentina; and a four-night cruise aboard the Mare Australis. Info:
800-248-3737, http://www.oattravel.com.

A five-night trip to Hong Kong with midweek departures throughout May starts at
$1,586 per person double (including $187 taxes). The Ritz Tours package includes
round-trip air from Washington, five nights at the Kowloon Hotel, daily buffet
breakfasts, airport transfers and a half-day sightseeing tour. Priced
separately, the trip would cost about $1,848 per person. Info: 800-900-2446,
http://www.ritztours.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                             July 11, 2013 Thursday

Missouri Court of Appeals Western District Case Summaries: July 11, 2013

BYLINE: MLM Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 487  words


Consumer MMPA Medical Services Health Insurance Dispute

Where a hospital that treated plaintiff for injuries suffered in a car accident
filed a lien on any recovery from the plaintiff's tort claim against the other
driver despite a health insurance contract between the hospital and the
plaintiff's insurance company for a discounted amount on the medical bills and
despite payment of the discounted amount from the insurer to the hospital,
judgment for the hospital is reversed and remanded because in a case of first
impression the appellate court finds that the plaintiff's debt was extinguished
since the contract compelled the hospital to accept the discounted payment from
the insurer, which extinguished the underlying patient account, and a lien
cannot exist without a debt. Judgment is reversed and remanded. Morgan v. St.
Luke's Hospital Of Kansas City (MLW No. 65228/Case No. WD75098 - 8 pages)
(Missouri Court of Appeals, Western District, Howard, J.) Appealed from circuit
court, Jackson County, McGraw, J. (Mitchell L. Burgess for appellant) (Thomas W.
Wagstaff for respondent).

Criminal Law Jury Deadlock Hammer Instruction

Where the trial court gave the hammer instruction rather than declaring a
mistrial after a jury deadlocked, the instruction was not coercive because it
was not given until the third deadlock notice; the first deadlock notice came
after three hours of deliberation including lunch, the second notice came at
four hours and 36 minutes and the third notice was given at five hours and 25
minutes; and the jury deliberated for another hour and a half before returning a
verdict. Judgment is affirmed. State v. Williams MLW No. 65231/Case No. WD75100
- 28 pages) (Missouri Court of Appeals, Western District, Hardwick, J.) Appealed
from circuit court, Clay County, Alexander, J. (Jennifer Rodewald, Jefferson
City, for appellant) (Rosemary E. Percival, Kansas City, for respondent).

Juvenile Stealing Intent Sufficiency Of Evidence

Even though intent to steal can be established by unlawful entry into a building
containing things of value, in a case of first impression the appellate court
finds that this may not be the sole evidence to support the element of intent
without other indicia of guilt such as flight, forcible entry, possession of
burglary tools or valuables, so the juvenile officer failed to meet the burden
of proof on the element of intent to steal to support a conviction for
second-degree burglary against a juvenile arrested in a school building.
Judgment is reversed. In the Interest of J.N.C.B. v. Juvenile Officer (MLW No.
65227/Case No. WD75299 - 14 pages) (Missouri Court of Appeals, Western District,
Witt, J.) Appealed from circuit court, Jackson County, Del Muro, J. (Patricia
Harrison, St. Louis, and Stephanie Allen, Rule 13 Student, for appellant)
(Michael Fogal and Terence O'Malley, Kansas City, for respondent).

© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 30, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Oil-Inspired Rally Is Short-Lived Early Buyers Sell

BYLINE: By JONATHAN FUERBRINGER

SECTION: Section D; Page 16; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 731 words


The oil-inspired rally did not last long in the bond market yesterday. After a
surge in bond prices across the board early in the day, buyers seemed to
disappear and those who bought early apparently sold later to lock in some quick
profits.

The yield of the 30-year bond wound up only slightly down, at 6.23 percent,
while yields on shorter Treasury securities closed unchanged or up slightly.

As yesterday's session opened, there were expectations of a sharp drop in oil
prices following the failure of the Organization of Petroleum Exporting
Countries to agree last week on production curbs to support oil prices.


West Texas Intermediate

And prices did decline, with the January futures price of a barrel of West Texas
intermediate crude falling $1.07 in New York. This decline also helped pull down
the Commodity Research Bureau index of commodities, which dropped 3 points, to
220, and the price of gold, which ended down $7.80 an ounce on the Commodity
Exchange in New York. Altogether, the three declines spelled good news on
inflation.

But while this news was enough to get some buying started, it was not enough to
keep the buying going. One of the reasons is that this will be a big week for
new economic data, including the employment report for November, which is to be
released Friday.

Traders are waiting for this report to get their first inkling of November's
results and a glimpse of whether fourth-quarter economic growth is going to be
as strong as many expect. The consensus estimate is that the gross domestic
product is rising at an annual rate of 4 percent, more than twice the rate in
the first half of the year.


Fear of Strong Growth

A fear that the strong growth in the fourth quarter will continue into the first
quarter of 1994 is one of the reasons for the recent selloff in the bond market.

Another reason price increases failed to hold is that the uncertainty on the
economic outlook is keeping traders cautious and prices and yields in a
relatively narrow trading range, leaving the market without any clear direction.
John Costas, the managing director of Government trading at CS First Boston,
said the trading range for the yield on the 30-year bond was now between 6.12
percent and 6.38 percent.

"There is not a lot of conviction in the market right now," Mr. Costas said.
Therefore, he said, news can move the market quickly. But, he added, the market
can turn just as swiftly when traders and investors decide the limits of the
trading range are near.

Noting that the yield on the 30-year bond fell as low as 6.18 percent yesterday,
Mr. Costas suggested that once traders got this close to the bottom of the range
they decided to take profits.

Mr. Costas even argued that the rally in the morning did not have a lot to do
with oil. He said for oil prices to move the market significantly, traders and
investors would have to believe that the decline was going to last for some
time. But he said that was not certain right now.

He said the buying was prompted more by investors with a lot of cash that had
accumulated during the Thanksgiving holiday and had to be put to work.


Foreign Investors

Mead L. Biggs, the manager of risk trading at Deutsche Bank Government
Securities, said that much of the buying he saw in the morning was from foreign
investors or traders, rather than domestic buyers. He said the jump in the
morning was also fueled by traders who had to buy to cover their positions to
prevent losses as the market moved higher.

In trading in the secondary market around 5 P.M., the price of the 30-year bond
was up just 7/32 of a point as the yield, which moves in the opposite direction,
was down to 6.23 percent, from 6.24 percent Friday. Earlier in the day, the
price of the bond was up more than a point with the yield at 6.18 percent.

Among shorter-term maturities, the yield on the two-year note was up to 4.15
percent, from 4.14 percent Friday as the price slipped 1/32 . The yield on the
five-year note was up to 5.08 percent from 5.07 percent as the price fell 2/32 .

In the weekly Treasury auction, the average discount rate on the three-month
bill was 3.12 percent, down from 3.14 percent last week, and 3.26 percent on the
six-month bill, down from 3.30 percent.

Following are the results from the Treasury auction yesterday of three-month and
six-month bills:

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: (000 omitted in dollar figures)
                            3-Mo. Bills    6-Mo. Bills
Average Price                    99.211         98.352
Discounted Rate                   3.12%          3.26%
Coupon Yield                      3.19%          3.36%
High Price                       99.216         98.362
Discounted Rate                   3.10%          3.24%
Coupon Yield                      3.17%          3.34%
Low Price                        99.211         98.352
Discounted Rate                   3.12%          3.26%
Coupon Yield                      3.17%          3.34%
Accepted at low price               20%            17%
Total applied for           $61,282,295    $54,950,251
Accepted                    $13,597,313    $13,594,709
Noncompetitive               $1,158,551       $840,537


Both issues are dated Dec. 2, 1993. The three-month bills mature on March 3,
1994, and the six-month bills mature on June 2, 1994.

Graph: "3-Month Treasury Bills" shows the average discounted rate in percent of
weekly auction from Aug.-Nov. '93. (Source: The Bond Buyer)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Northwest Models

                                 P.O. Box 64083
                          University Place,  WA 98464
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (253) 565-0558
URL: www.nwmodels.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Northwest Models offers a unique referral program as well as most of our
models come from referrals if you help refer models to us you will receive
bonuses.  We also will give you 12 wallet size photos of your photo shoot you
pick the photos and pass them out to your friends and family.  Northwest Models
also offers other models other fun benefits such as VIP Admission into local
dance (nightclubs), free or discounted concert tickets, Free or discounted
tickets to local Sports Events, free or discounted tickets to local Theme Parks
and local Fairs, Discounted Movie Tickets, Opportunities to go tanning on us,
Trial memberships to fitness centers.  We offer these benefits to our models
simply because of the fact that without them we are nothing. We want our models
to know that they are appreciated.  Been in Business since August of 1997 -
Northwest Models has been in business in the Tacoma area since August of 1997.
Northwest Models prides itself on it's long time standing in the business and
it's trusted reputation. 100's of models and talent beginners and experienced
have been putting they're trust in Northwest Models for almost 10 years.  Some
Final Words - There is no question about the fact that the Modeling, Talent and
Promotions business and/or industry can be an extremely tough field to brake
into.  With all the scams out there who can you trust and with all the agencies
and schools wanting upfront money for photo shoots registration fees and
unnecessary classes who ca

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Bill seeks SC discount for attending UNCP

BYLINE: Bob Shiles, The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


April 03--RALEIGH -- State Rep. Charles Graham has introduced a bill that would
provide for the Board of Governors of the University of North Carolina to fix a
discounted tuition rate for undergraduate out-of-state students who enroll at
The University of North Carolina at Pembroke.

According to the bill, the discounted rate could not be less than the rate
charged in-state students, and the out-of-state resident students would have to
reside in a county bordering North Carolina. The university system's Board of
Governors would decide the distance from the university the out-of-state student
could call home and still qualify for the discounted tuition.

"Since The University of North Carolina at Pembroke offers a college experience
unlike that of any other constituent university, with an extraordinarily high
rate of diversity -- both racial and otherwise -- and historically serves Native
American students, having a tuition discount for non-North Carolina residents
will enable more students in the border area to attend," the bill reads.

Graham, a Democrat from Lumberton, said that the bill is primarily to extend the
opportunity of attending UNCP to those living just across the border in South
Carolina. Many of those who might attend from South Carolina are American
Indians who would benefit from receiving an education at a historically American
Indian university, he said.

Graham said not only the students would benefit by having the opportunity to
attend UNCP, but the university would benefit by increasing its enrollment.

"I have had discussions with the university and they want this," Graham said.
"It fits into their strategic business plan."

UNCP Chancellor Kyle Carter said in a statement Thursday that the ability to
offer a reduced tuition to those in neighboring South Carolina wanting to attend
UNCP would indeed benefit the students as well as the region.

"UNCP Pembroke is dedicated to serving the region of Southeastern North Carolina
through it academic programs and services," Carter said. "Since our reach is
very close to the South Carolina border, offering a reduced rate to South
Carolina residents would benefit them and the region we serve. Should the bill
pass, the decision is the Board of Governors to make and we will work with them
in whatever capacity they choose."

Graham said the bill would be assigned to the House Education Committee for its
consideration.

In addition to Graham, primary sponsors of the bill include Garland Pierce and
Ken Waddell, both Democrats representing Robeson County, and James L. Boles Jr.,
a Republican from Moore County.

If approved by the House, the bill would then go to the Senate for its
consideration.

Bob Shiles can be reached at 910-416-5165.

___ (c)2015 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150403-QK-Bill-seeks-SC-discount-for-attending-UNCP-0403-20150403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2015 The Robesonian


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Daily Variety

                                October 10, 2011

Cable sets blue plate specials

BYLINE: ANDREW WALLENSTEIN

SECTION: NEWS; TV; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 624  words


While the prospect of cable operators offering a la carte pricing any time soon
remains slim, the discounted tier is clearly taking root.

In the wake of a wave of subscriber losses that cable operators contend are
largely driven by the shaky economy, Comcast has quietly expanded a low-cost
trial offering in select markets that not only provides fewer channels than
basic cable but additional options that group together select channels by
programming genre.

The package, known as MyTV Choice, began testing in Charleston, S.C. last week,
after being deployed in western New England and Seattle over the summer.

The expansion comes on the heels of Time Warner Cable's announcement last month
of plans to expand its own discounted tier, TV Essentials, across its East Coast
footprint. Like MyTV Choice, the tier is made affordable by leaving out some of
the channels that are the most expensive to operators in monthly fees paid to
programmers, including Disney-owned ESPN.

While these tiers have had minimal traction in the marketplace to date, their
increasing visibility at the nation's two biggest MSOs raises new questions. The
prospect of even slight growth for discounted tiers could impact the bottom line
at content companies since they get paid on a per-subscriber basis for the
channels that get left off. And for consumers, Comcast's variation on the
discounted tier with MyTV Choice may be as close to a la carte as they're going
to get.

"To assume that no one is going to take these packages is pretty naive,
especially because Time Warner Cable tested the package with at least some
success with very limited marketing," said Michael Morris, media analyst with
Davenport & Co.

The deployment of new tiers is intended to give price-sensitive consumers an
alternative to the increasingly costly standard subscriptions. Cable operators
suffered huge sub losses in the second quarter of this year.

Last month, a Reuters report raised the specter that cable-industry woes were
prompting some smaller operators to introduce a la carte programming - a
controversial possibility given that programmers and MSOs have long held such an
arrangement would destroy their current business model.

Another factor was an expensive new long-term ESPN deal for NFL rights that
spurred reports Dish Network was looking to ditch the all-sports network from
its channel lineup rather than pass on to consumers the cost of expected fee
hikes.

ESPN charges MSOs an estimated $4.69 per sub per month, according to SNL Kagan -
roughly four times the second-most expensive network, Time Warner's TNT ($1.16),
which is also not available on Comcast or TW Cable's low-cost tiers. Nor is News
Corp.-owned Fox News Channel (78¢).

Every dollar spent on discounted tiers won't go to content-company coffers,
argues Morris, who calculated that even a 1% drop in ESPN's sub base could cost
Disney $60 million in affiliate fees.

"Investors are unlikely to worry about 1% or 2%," said Morris. "But what if it
grew to 10% or 12%? That would be real financial impact."

While TV Essentials has gotten a lot of attention since its rollout last
November, discounted tiers have been around for years. Comcast, Cox, Cablevision
and Dish Network are among those that offer them with negligible returns.

But unlike typical discount tiers, Comcast's new tier is designed to appeal to
consumers looking for price as well as flexibility. MyTV Choice offers a "My
Starter" tier for $25 or a "My Starter Plus" tier for $45, the latter retaining
various ESPN channels removed from the former package. In addition, there's $10
supplements for channel packages themed around kids, news, movies and
entertainment. The offering varies a bit city to city as Comcast figures out the
best approach.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     High Point Enterprise (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 21, 2008 Wednesday

Discounted hotel rooms available for market

BYLINE: High Point Enterprise, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 312 words


May 21--HIGH POINT -- A block of discounted hotel rooms were made available this
week on the Web site for the city's biannual furniture market.

The High Point Market Authority expects the discounted rooms to be booked
quickly since the discounts reportedly are considerable.

Fall Market attendees can book the rooms through the High Point Market Web site
via www.highpointmarket. org/hotels.

Attendees can click on "request a room," enter their exact arrival and departure
dates, and click "search." All hotels that are availablefor those dates will
appear. Then, just follow theprompts.

Some restrictions and minimum-night stays apply, and discounted rates will be
available until July 31 or until sold-out.

If you have questions or need further assistance, contact Dawn Smith, director
of Market Services, at (800) 874-6492 or 869-1000, ext. 231.

Pre-registration for the fall market also is open. Pass request forms and
guidelines for passes can be found on the registration area of the High Point
Market Web site, www.highpointmarket. org.

Online registration is available for buyers who have previously attended the
High Point Market.

The fall market will start Oct. 20 and run through Oct. 26.

About 84,000 people attended the last High Point Market in April. Each furniture
trade show is estimated to have a $1.14 billion economic impact annually on the
state of North Carolina.

Fall Market attendees can book the rooms through the High Point Market Web site.

To see more of the High Point Enterprise, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.hpe.com. Copyright (c) 2008, High Point Enterprise, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20080521-HP-Discounted-hotel-rooms-available-for-market-0521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HP


                      Copyright 2008 High Point Enterprise


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Pennsylvania Man Admits Defrauding Computer Equipment Companies of
$2.5 Million

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man today admitted using phony documents and "straw
buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted computer
equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco), U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 51, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Shipp
in Trenton federal court to an information charging him with one count of wire
fraud.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple e-mails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

The wire fraud charge to which Silverman pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Silverman will be
required to forfeit $2.5 million under terms of the plea agreement. Sentencing
is scheduled for May 19, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Washington: Pennsylvania Man Admits Defrauding Computer Equipment Companies of
$2.5 Million

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man today admitted using phony documents and "straw
buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted computer
equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco), U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 51, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Shipp
in Trenton federal court to an information charging him with one count of wire
fraud.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple e-mails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

The wire fraud charge to which Silverman pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Silverman will be
required to forfeit $2.5 million under terms of the plea agreement. Sentencing
is scheduled for May 19, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              July 2, 2012 Monday

Humane Society of El Paso offering discounted adoptions for July 4

BYLINE: By Hayley Kappes / EL PASO TIMES

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


The Humane Society of El Paso will offer discounted dog and cat adoptions in
honor of Independence Day.

For cats and dogs four months and older, the adoption fee will be $60, which
includes age-appropriate shots, rabies vaccination and certificate, microchip
with local and national registration and spay or neuter surgery.

Normally, the adoption package costs $100 plus a $10 licensing fee for pets
older than 4 months, said Betty Hoover, executive director of the Humane Society
of El Paso, which is closed only three days out of the year.

Wednesday's discounted fee is "quite a good deal" for the services it includes
compared to what private veterinarians charge, Hoover said.

At private animal clinics, microchipping a pet costs about $25 and vaccinations
can run between $50 to $130 depending on the clinic, Hoover said.

The Humane Society is packed with about 50 cats and kittens and more than 130
dogs available for adoption.

For holiday events, pet adoptions double to between 15 and 18 from the average
daily number, Hoover said.

Wednesday's event will offer free hot dogs and soda.

"I believe having discounted adoption rates on occasion helps draw people in,"
Hoover said. "On holidays, people are looking for things to do. It might be a
good time to let one of these pets into your life."

Hayley Kappes may be reached at hkappes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6168. Follow her on
Twitter @hayleykappes.

What: Humane Society of El Paso July 4 discounted pet adoptionWhen: 11 a.m. to 5
p.m. WednesdayWhere: 4991 Fred Wilson Ave.Information: 532-6971, hselpaso.org

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A young Rottweiler mix named Tanner sat in his holding area at the
Humane Society adoption center at 4991 Fred Wilson Sunday. The center had
processed 518 pet adoptions as of Saturday during its adoption special which
ended Sunday. Rudy Gutierrez/El Paso Times
Andres Galindo looked at a Labrador Retriever named Chloe with his daughter,
Emmilia Galindo at the Humane Society adoption center at 4991 Fred Wilson
Sunday. The center had processed 518 pet adoptions as of Saturday during its
adoption special which ended Sunday. Rudy Gutierrez/El Paso Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                       March 3, 2016 Thursday 6:30 AM EST

The Best Western Aku Tiki Inn Offers Discounted Rates for Daytona Beach, FL
Family Spring Break Travel

BYLINE: Best Western Aku Tiki Inn

LENGTH: 496  words


Daytona Beach, FL,  March 03, 2016 --(PR.com)-- The Best Western Aku Tiki Inn
announces their discounted rates for family Spring Break 2016 travel. Travelers
can find discounted hotel rates when they book online at www.bwakutiki.com.
Discounts vary depending on the travel dates selected.

Blaine Lansberry, Vice President of Sales and Marketing for the Best Western Aku
Tiki Inn, states, "Family spring break is the perfect time to visit Daytona
Beach. Families can escape from the day to day routine of school and work and
spend time together. There are a many local attractions to visit such as the
Daytona International Speedway, the flea market, and the pier. Our hotel is not
far from Orlando where there are many area attractions from Walt Disney World to
Universal Studios and more. Travelers can make a day trip and enjoy those
popular theme parks. Families always enjoy staying with us for the best hotel
room rates in Daytona Beach."

This oceanfront resort offers a wide range of amenities. A daily hot breakfast,
daily cocktail hour, a daily newspaper, high speed Wi-Fi internet access, and
free parking based on first come, first serve are all included in their
affordable room rates. No resort fees are ever charged. Combine these amenities
along with the special discounted rates being offered for family spring break
travel and a family beach getaway becomes an affordable option.

The Best Western Aku Tiki Inn recognizes that families need options when
traveling. There are several Room options available such as rooms with two queen
beds, a microwave, small refrigerator, and coffee maker. Guests can also opt for
rooms with two queen beds with a fully equipped kitchenette. The kitchenette
includes a mid-sized refrigerator, microwave, four burner stove, and place
settings for four. Both of these options come with either a north ocean view or
a pool plus ocean view. Direct oceanfront views can be seen from the private
balcony of the oceanfront efficiency.

Lansberry adds, "Having a kitchenette in their room allows families the ability
to prepare their own meals. Oftentimes, the kids are tired from a day at the
beach so the kitchenette allows parents the option that flexibility. For guests
who wish to dine out during their stay we do offer an on-site restaurant called
Trader's. Our restaurant offers an island theme and overlooks the oceanfront
pool deck. The Trader's menu offers meals for all tastes and ages."

The Best Western Aku Tiki Inn is located at 2225 South Atlantic Avenue in
Daytona Beach, Florida. Spacious rooms, easy beach access, an on-site
restaurant, and affordable rates are all waiting for travelers. To learn more or
to reserve a room, please visit online at: www.bwakutiki.com or call
1-866-734-7746.

Lansberry adds, "Our room inventory will go quickly so we encourage travelers to
book early for the best inventory available. Room rates and travel dates can all
be checked online. We offer the best family travel deals in Daytona Beach."

LOAD-DATE: March 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 25, 2006 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Penobscot chief visits Venezuela leader

BYLINE: FROM STAFF AND WIRE REPORTS

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 386 words


CARACAS, Venezuela - Penobscot Indian Nation Chief James Sappier is in the midst
of a visit with Venezuela President Hugo Chavez to discuss the deal on
discounted heating oil that was made earlier this year.

In the contracts signed in January at Indian Island, Maine, the U.S.-based Citgo
Petroleum Corp., the national petroleum company of Venezuela, agreed to sell
discounted oil to the Maliseet, Micmac, Passamaquoddy and Penobscot tribes in
Maine.

The Penobscot chief is one of more than 60 Americans who visited from New York,
Vermont and other Northeastern states, where Citgo arranged for delivery of
millions of gallons of discounted heating oil.

Sappier is scheduled to be in Venezuela until Wednesday, Tim Love, economic
development adviser for the Penobscot tribe, said Monday.

The visiting Americans were treated as guests of honor during Chavez's weekly
radio and television program, broadcast from the eastern town of El Tigre.

"We want to thank you personally for what you're doing for people," Sappier told
Chavez.

Sappier, who is expected to talk to Chavez about the deal and the coming year,
gave the president a carved prayer staff and prayed with him.

Chavez, a fierce critic of President Bush, insists the U.S. government has
systematically sought ways to overthrow him in order to seize Venezuela's vast
oil reserves. U.S. officials have denied that and accuse the Cuban-allied Chavez
of posing a threat to democracies in the region.

The Venezuelan president did say, however, that he would welcome a visit by a
top U.S. State Department official and hopes to build close ties with
like-minded Americans despite his vehement opposition to Bush.

Chavez said Thomas Shannon, assistant secretary of state for Western Hemisphere
affairs, called his foreign minister to say he wanted to visit, and that Chavez
did not object.

However, "he shouldn't come to cause problems, to provoke," Chavez said. "If he
shows respect, we'll respect him."

Chavez didn't say when Shannon would visit, and U.S. Embassy officials said they
had no comment.

Chavez on Sunday also accused Washington of trying to undermine newly elected
Bolivian President Evo Morales. The guests on his program included Sandinista
presidential candidate Daniel Ortega of Nicaragua, who accused the U.S. of
interfering in his country's coming elections.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            March 14, 2015 Saturday

Hastings And Hastings Reports Record Interest In Discounted Attorneys Fees
Throughout Its 11 Office Locations In Phoenix

LENGTH: 640  words


(PRWeb) - Hastings and Hastings, an automobile accident personal injury lawyer
in Arizona reports record interest in discounted attorney fees throughout its 11
office locations in Phoenix. The firm has an established and respected
reputation throughout the Phoenix community as well as among peers and with
former and existing clients. Having earned the trust and respect of the
community, Hastings and Hastings is a law firm that proudly serves clients who
have been injured due to the negligence or malfeasance of another individual,
company or government entity. Sustaining injuries due to someone else's errors,
mistakes or poor judgment is often best handled by working with a professional
personal injury attorney in Arizona.


Most importantly, when working with a dedicated legal team, injury victims often
have a higher probability of gaining a favorable recovery. Hastings and Hastings
is a law firm that is dedicated to providing noticeably impressive discounted
lawyer's fees when it comes to personal injury related matters. The firm states
in no uncertain terms that the discount fees made available to clients will
never change throughout the entire duration of any recovery effort. This simply
means that whether a personal injury matter is settled through aggressive
negotiations with insurance companies or whether it requires full and
comprehensive litigation, Hastings and Hastings will always stand by its
original quoted fee.
Along with one clear and easy to understand fee, the firm also offers discounted
fees that result in clients retaining a greater amount of an overall recovery.
This can have a big impact on an accident victim's ability to better handle lost
wages and the cost of ongoing medical care and treatment. Helping clients return
to a more normal way of life is what the firm has been doing for more than 30
years. This has resulted in Hastings and Hastings enjoying a large number of
referrals and repeat business over the years the firm has practiced.
Hastings and Hastings routinely works with accident victims who have been
involved in everything from motorcycle accidents to slip and fall accidents and
trucking accidents as well as bicycle accidents, pedestrian accidents and dog
bite involved accidents. With a growing number of accidents occurring across the
country and throughout Arizona, Hastings and Hastings has seen a steady increase
in injury victims requiring experienced legal representation. This recent
announcement with regard to the firm reporting record interest in discounted
attorneys fees throughout its 11 office locations in Phoenix is just more proof
that the firm continues to deliver on its promises of providing discounted fees,
professional services and free consultations to injury victims who need this
type of service the most.  Hastings and Hastings is a leading provider of
discount personal injury legal services located in and serving the greater
Phoenix Metropolitan area. This respected legal firm specializes in assisting
individuals that have been the victim of serious injuries that have resulted
from accidents that were not fault of their own. Hastings and Hastings is a
trusted group of attorneys that deliver personalized service and guidance for
injury victims throughout Phoenix and all across the state of Arizona. Hastings
and Hastings is known throughout legal circles as a dedicated team of
professionals and a law firm that has been representing accident victims
throughout Arizona for decades. Hastings and Hastings has consistently exceeds
client's expectations with regard to representing a wide array of accident
related injury victims at times when it matters the most and always doing so
with discount attorney's Fees.
For the original version on PRWeb visit: http://www.prweb.com
/releases/2015/03/prweb12582418.htm 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                              July 20, 2015 Monday

Pennsylvania Man Sentenced to Six Months in Prison for Defrauding Computer
Equipment Companies of $2.5 Million

LENGTH: 462  words


TRENTON, NJ-A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man was sentenced today to six months in
prison and six months of home confinement for using phony documents and "straw
buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted computer
equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco), U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 52, previously pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge
Michael A. Shipp to an information charging him with one count of wire fraud.
Judge Shipp imposed the sentence today in Trenton federal court.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple e-mails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

In addition to the prison term, Judge Shipp ordered Silverman to serve three
years of supervised release, pay a $75,000 fine and forfeit $2.5 million in
restitution.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's sentencing.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

15-275

Defense counsel: William Winning and Megan Scheib Esqs., Conshohocken, Pa., and
Gerald Krovatin Esq., Newark 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                           November 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Orlando offers Canadians special savings, lures; Discounted or free rooms and
good deals on Florida attractions

BYLINE: Rick Cropp and Barbara Braidwood, For Canwest News Service

SECTION: WEEKEND EXTRA; Pg. E12

LENGTH: 314  words


The Orlando Convention & Visitors Bureau is hoping to entice you to visit with
its new Made for Canadians (1-800-551-2006, VisitOrlando.com/Canada) promotion
valid through April 30.

This is the first time the Orlando CVB has had a specific savings program just
for us. There are more than 70 offers that range from discounted or free
accommodation to deals on attractions or eateries. For example, when you book a
three-day golf school at the Faldo Golf Institute by Marriott, you receive free
lodging in a one-bedroom villa at Marriott's Grande Vista Resort for three
nights. The Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando/South Lake Buena Vista is offering a
discounted rate of $55 US per night and the Pirate's Dinner Adventure is giving
$20 US off per adult. Be prepared to show Canadian ID and blackout dates may
apply.

While in Florida, roller-coaster fans may want to visit SeaWorld Orlando's
(seaworld.com) new Manta ride that claims to give you the sensation of being a
giant ray. And Universal Studios Florida's (universalorlando.com) new Hollywood
Rip, Ride, Rockit coaster lets you select the music you'd like to shriek to as
you coast around.

If you can, make the trip (about an hour's drive) to one of our favourite
places: Daytona Beach (daytonabeach.com/canadian_sand_dollars for accommodation
discounts). It was the novelty of driving on the seemingly endless beach and the
cheap off-season prices that first attracted us, but we have since found other
attractions to draw us back.

Daytona boasts a huge flea market (daytonafleamarket.com) and the beach is a
terrific spot for viewing night launches at Cape Canaveral.

North of the strip is where you can catch a glimpse of old Florida.

Best of all are a series of historic attractions hidden down some of the roads
off the beach (ormondscenicloopandtrail.com) and the Tomoka State Park
(floridastateparks.org/tomoka).

(Vancouver Province)

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                           August 26, 2015 Wednesday

Boulder County to offer discounted solar panels, electric cars

BYLINE: Jerd Smith Business Editor

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 650 words


Boulder County is joining with Adams and Denver counties to offer residents  the
opportunity to purchase discounted home solar systems and electric vehicles.


The Solar Benefits Colorado program, launched this week, offers homeowners an
estimated 15 percent discount on solar rooftop systems and roughly $8,300 off
the cost of a Nissan Leaf, according to Brad Smith, a sustainability specialist
for Boulder County.



 The initiative grew out of a similar program that Boulder and Denver counties
offered  their employees in 2013, Smith said.

 "We wanted to help folks find a more simple, more affordable way of paying for
renewable energy," he said.

 The three counties have selected Sunrun Solar, a national solar installer, to
provide systems to homeowners and Boulder Nissan to run the discounted car
program, Smith said.

 According to the county, multiple vendors were vetted before Sunrun and Boulder
Nissan were selected.

 Nigel Zeid, electric vehicle specialist and sales consultant at Boulder Nissan,
said the dealership wanted to participate to get more innovative electric cars
on the road.

 "People look at $32,000 (the Leaf's sticker price)and say, 'That's a lot.' We
wanted to team up to make this appealing to normal folks," he said.

 Officials at Sunrun could not be reached for comment.

 The program, essentially a bulk-discount initiative, isn't receiving  county,
state or federal funding. Instead, the counties have  negotiated deals with the
vendors, who were willing to lower their prices in exchange for winning the
business of a larger number of customers, Smith said.

 "This offer is  great because local governments and employers don't have to
spend any taxpayer dollars. We are simply leveraging our relationships across
the Front Range to pool our buying power to lower the price of solar and
electric vehicles," he said.

 "This is an opportunity to scale up a program that Boulder County has done on a
pilot scale and offer it to a larger population, which will have much greater
potential environmental impacts."

 The three-county initiative comes as Colorado continues to be among the
national leaders in adopting use of renewable technologies. According to a
February  report from the Golden-based National Renewable Energy Laboratory,
Colorado ranks seventh in the country for electric vehicle sales per capita,
with 0.02 vehicles sold per person. Hawaii ranks No. 1, with 1.03 electric
vehicles per person.

 Joyce McLaren, an NREL policy analyst specializing in residential solar issues,
said she hadn't heard of a program like this until now. Consumers can purchase
either a rooftop system or an electric vehicle, but they're not required to
purchase both if they choose to participate in the program.

 Still, McLaren said more people were thinking about electric vehicle purchases
in tandem with residential solar because the systems could complement each
other.

 "It's great to see lots of different models being used because you're able to
reach a broader audience," she said.

 Smith said the three counties hope the discount program generates an additional
500 residential solar installations by the time the program ends in early
November. Xcel Energy, the state's largest electric utility, had 25,753
residential rooftop systems in place as of the end of May, according to the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission.

 The program hasn't set a goal for electric vehicle sales.

 Consumers have until Sept. 30 to purchase or lease a car and until Oct. 31 to
sign up for the solar rooftop program. Solar contracts must be in place by Nov.
8.

 Check  mygroupenergy.com/colorado for more information.

 Jerd Smith: 303-473-1332, smithj@dailycamera.com

Michelle Daigle pulls the charging cord on her newly leased Nissan Leaf as Sara
Cashin, Boulder Nissan's finance manager, looks on Tuesday. The Solar Benefits
Colorado program offers residents roughly $8,300 off the cost of a Nissan Leaf.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Daigle pulls the charging cord on her newly leased Nissan Leaf
as Sara Cashin, Boulder Nissan's finance manager, looks on Tuesday. The Solar
Benefits Colorado program offers residents roughly $8,300 off the cost of a
Nissan Leaf. Michelle Daigle puts her bike in the trunk of her newly leased
Nissan Leaf on Tuesday. Daigle said she has never owned a car and mostly biked
around town.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 21, 2016 Thursday

Idaho: Fish and Game discounts nonresident elk tags sold as second tags

LENGTH: 681  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Elk hunters can double their hunting opportunity at a discount in August by
buying a second tag to extend their season and have a chance to harvest two elk.





 Starting Aug. 1, Fish and Game is offering nonresident elk tags for $299 when
purchased as a second tag (plus $1.75 vendor fee), which is discounted from the
regular price of $416. It will return to the regular price on Sept. 1.



 Elk, Southwest Region, Idaho



 Second deer tags will not be discounted this year due to high demand, but will
still be available as second tags for $301.75 while supplies last.



 The second-tag program has been popular with hunters. For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 Starting 2014, Fish and Game discounted the second tags, but due to popularity
and growing demand, only elk tags will be discounted this year, and only during
August.



 Second elk and deer tags can be bought at any Fish and Game office that sells
licenses, at any license and tag vendor, online at https://idfg.idaho.gov/, and
by phone with a credit card at (800) 554-8685.



 More information can be found at https://idfg.idaho.gov/buy/second-tag along
with these frequently asked questions about nonresident tags as second tags
listed below:



 Q. Who can buy a second tag?



 A. Any hunter, no matter where they live, who has purchased a hunting license
and a 2016 deer or elk tag starting August 1.



 Q. Can I buy a second deer tag?



 A. Yes, but second deer tags will not be discounted this year due to high
demand. Deer tags will still be available as second tags for $300* while
supplies last.



 Q. Can I buy a second elk tag?



 A. Yes. Second elk tags will be discounted to $299* this year during the month
of August. Starting September, any remaining tags will return to the regular
nonresident price of $415*.



 Q. How many tags are there?



 A. Supplies are limited to the available nonresident tag quota [LINK], which is
12,815 for elk and 15,500 for deer.



  Q. Where can I use my second deer tag?



 A. Deer tags can be used in any general hunt in the state for the selected
species within their seasons.



 Q. Where can I use my second elk tag?



 A. When hunting elk in Idaho, you must hunt within the zone and season for
which each tag is designated.



 Q. Can I use a second elk tag in a different elk zone than my first tag?



 A. Yes.



 Q. Can I use a second tag in a capped elk zone?



 A. Yes, as long as there are still nonresident tags available for that zone at
the time you purchase a second tag. You must designate the zone for the hunt
where the second tag will be used.



 Q. If my first deer tag is a regular tag, can my second tag be a white-tailed
tag?



 A. Yes, and vice versa. Or they can both be the same type of deer tag.



 Q. Can my second tag be a controlled hunt?



 A. No. Second tags are available as "over-the counter" general hunt tags.



 Q. How will this affect game populations?



 A: There will likely be no effects, or minor ones. In 2015, second deer tags
accounted for about 3.5 percent of the statewide deer harvest, and second elk
tags accounted for about 1.4 percent of the statewide elk harvest. There were
over 168,000 deer and 101,000 elk tags sold in Idaho in 2015.



 Because second tags are tags are already allocated for nonresident hunters,
harvest is already accounted for, and there is not expected to be any negative
impacts from harvest by second tag holders. In areas where populations or
harvest rates fall below Fish and Game's objectives, hunting rules are adjusted
by limiting hunting opportunity, shortening seasons, converting to controlled
hunts, or limiting tags available in some areas. These restrictions would also
apply to hunters using second tags.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Idaho: Fish and Game discounts nonresident elk tags sold as second tags

LENGTH: 681  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Elk hunters can double their hunting opportunity at a discount in August by
buying a second tag to extend their season and have a chance to harvest two elk.





 Starting Aug. 1, Fish and Game is offering nonresident elk tags for $299 when
purchased as a second tag (plus $1.75 vendor fee), which is discounted from the
regular price of $416. It will return to the regular price on Sept. 1.



 Elk, Southwest Region, Idaho



 Second deer tags will not be discounted this year due to high demand, but will
still be available as second tags for $301.75 while supplies last.



 The second-tag program has been popular with hunters. For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 Starting 2014, Fish and Game discounted the second tags, but due to popularity
and growing demand, only elk tags will be discounted this year, and only during
August.



 Second elk and deer tags can be bought at any Fish and Game office that sells
licenses, at any license and tag vendor, online at https://idfg.idaho.gov/, and
by phone with a credit card at (800) 554-8685.



 More information can be found at https://idfg.idaho.gov/buy/second-tag along
with these frequently asked questions about nonresident tags as second tags
listed below:



 Q. Who can buy a second tag?



 A. Any hunter, no matter where they live, who has purchased a hunting license
and a 2016 deer or elk tag starting August 1.



 Q. Can I buy a second deer tag?



 A. Yes, but second deer tags will not be discounted this year due to high
demand. Deer tags will still be available as second tags for $300* while
supplies last.



 Q. Can I buy a second elk tag?



 A. Yes. Second elk tags will be discounted to $299* this year during the month
of August. Starting September, any remaining tags will return to the regular
nonresident price of $415*.



 Q. How many tags are there?



 A. Supplies are limited to the available nonresident tag quota [LINK], which is
12,815 for elk and 15,500 for deer.



  Q. Where can I use my second deer tag?



 A. Deer tags can be used in any general hunt in the state for the selected
species within their seasons.



 Q. Where can I use my second elk tag?



 A. When hunting elk in Idaho, you must hunt within the zone and season for
which each tag is designated.



 Q. Can I use a second elk tag in a different elk zone than my first tag?



 A. Yes.



 Q. Can I use a second tag in a capped elk zone?



 A. Yes, as long as there are still nonresident tags available for that zone at
the time you purchase a second tag. You must designate the zone for the hunt
where the second tag will be used.



 Q. If my first deer tag is a regular tag, can my second tag be a white-tailed
tag?



 A. Yes, and vice versa. Or they can both be the same type of deer tag.



 Q. Can my second tag be a controlled hunt?



 A. No. Second tags are available as "over-the counter" general hunt tags.



 Q. How will this affect game populations?



 A: There will likely be no effects, or minor ones. In 2015, second deer tags
accounted for about 3.5 percent of the statewide deer harvest, and second elk
tags accounted for about 1.4 percent of the statewide elk harvest. There were
over 168,000 deer and 101,000 elk tags sold in Idaho in 2015.



 Because second tags are tags are already allocated for nonresident hunters,
harvest is already accounted for, and there is not expected to be any negative
impacts from harvest by second tag holders. In areas where populations or
harvest rates fall below Fish and Game's objectives, hunting rules are adjusted
by limiting hunting opportunity, shortening seasons, converting to controlled
hunts, or limiting tags available in some areas. These restrictions would also
apply to hunters using second tags.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                            August 25, 2015 Tuesday

Boulder County to offer discounted solar panels, electric cars

BYLINE: Jerd Smith Business Editor

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 634 words


Boulder County is joining with Adams and Denver counties to offer residents  the
opportunity to purchase discounted home solar systems and electric vehicles.


The Solar Benefits Colorado program, launched this week, offers homeowners an
estimated 15 percent discount on solar rooftop systems and roughly $8,300 off
the cost of a Nissan Leaf, according to Brad Smith, a sustainability specialist
for Boulder County.



 The initiative grew out of a similar program that Boulder and Denver counties
offered  their employees in 2013, Smith said.

 "We wanted to help folks find a more simple, more affordable way of paying for
renewable energy," he said.

 The three counties have selected Sunrun Solar, a national solar installer, to
provide systems to homeowners and Boulder Nissan to run the discounted car
program, Smith said.

 According to the county, multiple vendors were vetted before Sunrun and Boulder
Nissan were selected.

 Nigel Zeid, electric vehicle specialist and sales consultant at Boulder Nissan,
said the dealership wanted to participate to get more innovative electric cars
on the road.

 "People look at $32,000 (the Leaf's sticker price)and say, 'That's a lot.' We
wanted to team up to make this appealing to normal folks," he said.

 Officials at Sunrun could not be reached for comment.

 The program, essentially a bulk-discount initiative, isn't receiving  county,
state or federal funding. Instead, the counties have  negotiated deals with the
vendors, who were willing to lower their prices in exchange for winning the
business of a larger number of customers, Smith said.

 "This offer is  great because local governments and employers don't have to
spend any taxpayer dollars. We are simply leveraging our relationships across
the Front Range to pool our buying power to lower the price of solar and
electric vehicles," he said.

 "This is an opportunity to scale up a program that Boulder County has done on a
pilot scale and offer it to a larger population, which will have much greater
potential environmental impacts."

 The three-county initiative comes as Colorado continues to be among the
national leaders in adopting use of renewable technologies. According to a
February  report from the Golden-based National Renewable Energy Laboratory,
Colorado ranks seventh in the country for electric vehicle sales per capita,
with 0.02 vehicles sold per person. Hawaii ranks No. 1, with 1.03 electric
vehicles per person.

 Joyce McLaren, an NREL policy analyst specializing in residential solar issues,
said she hadn't heard of a program like this until now. Consumers can purchase
either a rooftop system or an electric vehicle, but they're not required to
purchase both if they choose to participate in the program.

 Still, McLaren said more people were thinking about electric vehicle purchases
in tandem with residential solar because the systems could complement each
other.

 "It's great to see lots of different models being used because you're able to
reach a broader audience," she said.

 Smith said the three counties hope the discount program generates an additional
500 residential solar installations by the time the program ends in early
November. Xcel Energy, the state's largest electric utility, had 25,753
residential rooftop systems in place as of the end of May, according to the
Colorado Public Utilities Commission.

 The program hasn't set a goal for electric vehicle sales.

 Consumers have until Sept. 30 to purchase or lease a car and until Oct. 31 to
sign up for the solar rooftop program. Solar contracts must be in place by Nov.
8.

 Check  mygroupenergy.com for more information.

 Jerd Smith: 303-473-1332, smithj@dailycamera.com

Michelle Daigle puts her bike in the trunk of her newly leased Nissan Leaf on
Tuesday. Daigle said she has never owned a car and mostly biked around town.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Michelle Daigle puts her bike in the trunk of her newly leased Nissan
Leaf on Tuesday. Daigle said she has never owned a car and mostly biked around
town. Michelle Daigle pulls the charging cord on her newly leased Nissan Leaf as
Sara Cashin, Boulder Nissan's finance manager, looks on Tuesday. The Solar
Benefits Colorado program offers residents roughly $8,300 off the cost of a
Nissan Leaf.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Pennsylvania Man Admits Defrauding Computer Equipment Companies of $2.5 Million

LENGTH: 475  words


Washington,D.C.: FBI - Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of United
States of America has issued the following news release:

A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man today admitted using phony documents and "straw
buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted computer
equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco), U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 51, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Shipp
in Trenton federal court to an information charging him with one count of wire
fraud.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple e-mails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

The wire fraud charge to which Silverman pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Silverman will be
required to forfeit $2.5 million under terms of the plea agreement. Sentencing
is scheduled for May 19, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             May 2, 2001 Wednesday

Earn more points with these deals;
FREQUENT FLIER is a monthly feature on the;
best ways for frequent fliers to earn more;
air miles from travel, hotel stays and other;
purchases - as well as a look at air routes;
currently offering points deals.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T6

LENGTH: 1297 words


Air Canada
Aeroplan

Air Canada: Double miles between Edmonton and London (Heathrow) on non-stop
flights.

June 1 to June 30.

   Double miles between Calgary and San Jose on non-stop flights.

June 29 to Sept. 1.

   Double miles on the first round-trip flight between Edmonton and London
(Heathrow).

June 1 to June 30.

   Double miles for the first round-trip flight between Ottawa and San Jose,
Calif.

Until May 5.

   Double miles between Calgary and San Jose.

June 29 to Sept. 1.

Air Canada, Air Canada Regional: Earn bonus qualifying miles to reach higher
tiers of Aeroplan status - Aeroplan Super Elite, Aeroplan Elite, or Aeroplan
Prestige - when travelling in selected classes. In full-fare first or business
class (J), earn double qualifying miles; earn 135 per cent of actual miles flown
in discounted first or business class (C); receive 125 per cent bonus in
(full-fare or discounted economy (Y or M); receive bonus of 75 per cent for
discounted economy class within Canada (T). Promotion also applies to: Air
Alliance; Central Mountain Air; Air Canada four-digit flights operated by Calm
Air and Air Labrador; Lufthansa flights between Toronto or Vancouver and
Frankfurt in C, D, and Y classes; and on Mexicana flights between Toronto or
Montreal and Mexico City in J, D, and Y classes.

May 10 to July 10, 2001.

Air Alliance: Double miles on the first non-stop, return flight between Montreal
and Albany, N.Y., or Manchester, N.H.

To June 9.

Austrian Airlines: Earn 1,500 bonus miles on the first round-trip flight in
economy class between Toronto and Vienna. Earn 3,000 bonus miles for
business-class flights.Until July 30.Canadian Regional Airlines: Double miles on
the first return trip or first two one-way segments between Toronto and
Indianapolis.

May 7 to July 7.

Best Western: Earn 250 bonus miles at Canadian, American and Caribbean
locations. Earn 500 bonus miles at properties in Quebec, Ontario and British
Columbia.

Until May 31.

Delta Hotels: Earn double miles at the following new Ontario resorts -- Delta
Grandview Resort, Delta Lake Joseph Resort, Delta Rocky Crest Resort, Delta
Sherwood Inn (Muskoka), and Delta Pinestone Resort (Haliburton)

May 15 to June 30. (888) 244-8666.

Fairmont Hotels: Earn double miles when paying the Fairmont Aeroplan Summer Rate
at participating properties in Canada, Bermuda or Mexico and triple miles at
participating locations in the United States.

June 15 to Sept. 3. (800) 441-1414.

   Earn double miles at the Fairmont Winnipeg for qualifying rates at the New
Entree Gold Level.

May 15 to Sept. 3.

Hilton HHonors program: Earn 1,000 bonus HHonors points for enrollingin the
Hilton HHonors program on-line at: www.hiltonhhonors.com .

Until June 30.

   Earn double miles on the second and subsequent stays at participating
locations worldwide of: Conrad International, Doubletree, Embassy Suites Hotels,
Hilton and Homewood Suites by Hilton.

June 1 to Aug. 31.

Hampton Inn and Hampton Inn & Suites: Double miles on second and subsequent
stays.

June 1 to Aug. 31.

Marriott or Renaissance Hotels, Canada: Members of the Marriott Rewards program
earn 1,500 bonus Aeroplan miles when staying for two consecutive weekend nights
(Thursday through Sunday) at the weekend rate.

May 15 to Sept. 2. (888) 228-9290.

Alamo Rent A Car: Double miles and up to 15 per cent off when renting acompact
car up to a minivan for at least four days at participating locations worldwide.

Until July 18.

Budget car rental: Double miles for qualifying rentals in Canada of at least two
consecutive days.

May 15 to June 30.

All-Purpose Realty: Earn 2,000 bonus miles for each completed sale and/or
purchase through All-Purpose Realty.

Until June 30. (888) 808-1272.

CIBC AeroMortgage: Receive 10,000 miles when taking out a mortgage for the first
time with CIBC.

Until Dec. 31. (888) 381-6111.

FTD.com: New partner. Earn 10 miles for every $1 (U.S.) spent on floral
arrangements. Go to ftd.com or ftd.com/aeroplan to purchase.

Points.com: New partner. Exchange or consolidate frequent-flier miles from other
programs using Pointsxchange at points.com. Participating airlines are Air
Canada, Alaska Airlines, American Airlines, America West Airlines and Midwest
Express. Also participating are beenz.com, Loyalty Travel and PhoneHog.com.
Roots Air
Roots Air-Alaska Airlines Mileage Plan

   Starting June 4, earn and redeem points on Roots Air and its partners:
American Airlines, Alaska Airlines, British Airways, Continental Airlines,
Horizon Air, KLM, LanChile, Northwest Airlines, Qantas and TWA. Hotel partners
are: Best Western, Coast, Hilton, Hyatt, Holiday Inn, ITT Sheraton, Starwood,
West Coast, Westin and Westmark. Car-rental partners are: Avis, Budget, Hertz,
Thrify and Dollar. Members also receive 20 per cent off at Roots stores.

(866) 229-7330.
American Airlines
Aadvantage

   Many programs require registration by calling (800) 882-8880, pressing 1**26
and citing the appropriate promotion code, or on-line at: www.aa.com.

American: Earn 7,500 bonus miles in economy class between San Jose, Calif., and
Taipei; 15,000 miles in business and first class. Registration required. Code
SJCTP.

Until June 30.

   Earn 7,500 bonus miles on round-trip flights between San Jose or Los Angeles
and Paris (Charles de Gaulle) in economy (Y or B) class; 15,000 miles in
business or first class. Registration required. Code CDGBN.

Until May 31.

   Miles requirement between Honolulu via Dallas/Fort Worth or San Jose, or to
Maui via Los Angeles or San Jose reduced by 5,000 miles in economy to 30,000
milesround trip. Cite code HI30SPC upon reservation.

To May 24.

American Eagle: Double miles between Chicago (O'Hare) and Norfolk, Va.
Registration required. Code ORFRJ.

Until May 31.

Cathay Pacific: Miles requirements for economy-class travel between North
America and: Hong Kong, Australia, New Zealand, Middle East or Africa reduced by
20,000 miles. Requirement to other Asian destinations reduced by 25,000 miles.

To May 31.

Points.com: Partner in pointsxchange. See Points.com entry under Air Canada.
Continental Airlines
OnePass

   On-line registration may be required at: www.onepass.com .
Continental: Awards requirement cut in half for travel between the contiguous
United States and: Frankfurt, Dusseldorf (Germany); Bermuda, St. Maarten,
Antigua, Aguadilla Puerto Rico and Grand Cayman (Caribbean); Rio de Janeiro, Sao
Paulo and Belo Horizonte (Brazil); Leon/Guanajuato, Veracruz, Aguascalientes,
Saltillo, (Mexico); Managua (Nicaragua).

Until May 31. (800) 621-7467 for Mexico. (800) 344-1411 for other destinations.

   Earn 2,000 bonus miles each way on flights between New York/Newark to
London/Stansted.

May 1 to July 1.

   Earn 1,000 bonus miles for purchasing an eTicket on-line. Earn another 1,000
miles when checking in using eService kiosks in participating airports.

Until Dec. 31.
Delta Airlines
SkyMiles

Delta: Double miles in economy class (except S, T and U) and triple miles in
business class (I class receives double miles) between New York and Tokyo or
LosAngeles and Nagoya on new non-stop service. Registration required. Call (888)
558-3358, enter code 1006.

Until June 30.

   Double miles in economy class (except S, T, and U) and triple in business
class(double miles for I class) between Atlanta and Buenos Aires on new non-stop
service. Call (888) 558-3358 to enroll. Enter code 1008.

To June 30.
Northwest Airlines
WorldPerks

On-line booking bonus: Earn 4,000 bonus miles for purchasing your ticket on-line
for the first time at www.nwa.com .Until June 30.United AirlinesMileage
PlusRegistration may be required by calling (800) 447-6772 or on-line at
www.ual.com .
United: Earn 1,000 bonus miles on round-trip flights between Denver and:
Atlanta, Billings or Colorado Springs. There is a three-bonus limit.

Until May 31. Code 124.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

18 South Florida Residents Sentenced for their Role in Accessing AT&T and
Verizon Subscriber Accounts with Stolen Personal Identifying Information to
Purchase iPhones

LENGTH: 873  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


United States Attorney's Office for the Southern District of Florida has issued
the following press release:

Eighteen South Florida residents were sentenced in connection with their role in
a scheme that used fraudulently obtained personal identifying information (PII)
of AT&T and Verizon mobile telephone plan subscribers to purchase iPhones as a
discounted rate. Three of the individuals sentenced stole the PII from their
respective employers, including Verizon.

Wifredo A. Ferrer, United States Attorney for the Southern District of Florida,
Paula A. Reid, Special Agent in Charge, United States Secret Service (USSS), and
J.D. Patterson, Jr., Director, Miami-Dade Police Department (MDPD), made the
announcement.

Between August 2012 and July 2013, Alexander Nicholas Katsabanis, Jr., 23,
Dimitris Nicholas Katsabanis, 25, and Christian Fernando Dume, 32, each of
Miami, secured and caused co-conspirators, including Daniel Allen Limbacher, 31,
Yurien Martinez Gallardo, 34, and Jade Amber Garcia, 27, all of Miami, to secure
the PII of mobile telephone plan subscribers, including subscribers with AT&T
and Verizon. In particular, Gallardo, who worked for Verizon, Limbacher, who
worked for Cellular Sales, and Garcia, who worked for Baptist Hospital, stole
from their respective employers PII that was used to facilitate the fraudulent
scheme. The customers' PII included the customer's name, mobile telephone
number, date of birth, and last four digits of such customer's Social Security
Number.

After obtaining the PII, A. Katsabanis, D. Katsabanis, Dume, and their
co-conspirators, called, or caused others to call, AT&T and Verizon, and used
the unlawfully acquired PII, to add additional users on the existing, legitimate
customer accounts without the customer's knowledge or authorization. These
individuals also used the PII to purchase iPhones at a discounted price of
approximately $200.00, which discount was only available to customers and their
authorized users. The retail price for each iPhone ranged from $550.00 to
$649.00.

A. Katsabanis, D. Katsabanis, Dume, and others, also recruited various
individuals to serve as "runners." These "runners" were added as purported
"authorized users" on the existing, legitimate accounts of AT&T and Verizon
subscribers, and also purchased iPhones at discounted prices. The purchases were
made in the Southern District of Florida, as well as, other locations in
Florida, California, and Nevada. Christine Eliz Marrero, 24, Dietter Navarro,
32, Keilyn Nicole Gonzalez, 21, Felix Marino Garcia Custodio, 32, Desiree Marie
Basanta, 29, Jonathan Gabriel Gonzalez, 24, Dominga Ivett Guerrero, 50, Melissa
Rivas, 25, Johan Alvarez, 20, Gustavo Andres Jimenez, 26, Javier Osvaldo
Labrador, 26, each of Miami, Florida, Mirelys Reyes, 19, of Hialeah, Florida,
Yasael Aquit, 29, now of Tampa, Florida, together with Garcia and Limbacher
served as "runners" for the above-described fraudulent scheme. The runners would
deliver their purchases to A. Katsabanis, D. Katsabanis, Dume, and others, and
were paid approximately $100.00, for each fraudulently acquired iPhone.

During the course of the scheme, approximately 860 Verizon customer accounts
were fraudulently accessed in order to purchase approximately 1,200 iPhones at a
discounted price. As a result of the scheme, Verizon incurred a loss of more
than $400,000 based on the difference between the retail price of the iPhone and
the discounted price allowed to its subscribers.

Judge Scola imposed the following sentences:

D. Katsabanis was sentenced 60 months imprisonment; A. Katsabanis Jr. was
sentenced to 48 months imprisonment; Dume was sentenced to 78 months
imprisonment; Navarro was sentenced to 15 months imprisonment; Limbacher was
sentenced to 12 months and one day imprisonment; Marrero was sentenced to two
years of probation; Labrador was sentenced to six months imprisonment; K.
Gonzalez was sentenced to 20 days imprisonment and two years of probation;
Custodio was sentenced to eight months imprisonment; Basanta was sentenced to
one year of probation; J. Gonzalez was sentenced to two months imprisonment and
two years of probation; Rivas was sentenced to one year of probation; Guerrero
was sentenced to two years of probation; Alvarez was sentenced to 10 days
imprisonment and two years of probation; Jimenez was sentenced to 30 days
imprisonment and two years of probation; Reyes was sentenced to two years of
probation; Aquit was sentenced to one year of probation and four months home
confinement; and Gallardo was sentenced to four months imprisonment, to be
followed by four months of home confinement.

Garcia is scheduled to be sentenced on January 21, 2015, at 8:30 a.m., before
Judge Scola.

Noel Sebastian Cisneros, 23, of Homestead, Florida, who was charged with wire
fraud and aggravated identity theft for his role in this scheme as an alleged
runner, is scheduled to commence trial before Judge Scola, on March 9, 2015, at
9:00 a.m.

Mr. Ferrer commended the investigative efforts of the USSS and MDPD Economic
Crimes Bureau. The case is being prosecuted by Assistant U.S. Attorney Sarah J.
Schall.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 28, 2011 Friday

Santa Clara County: Humane Society to offer discounted spay, neuter surgeries

BYLINE: Bay City News Service

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 326 words


The Humane Society of Silicon Valley will be offering discounted spay and neuter
surgeries for dogs and cats across Santa Clara County next month.

The facility is partnering with 20 local veterinary clinics to offer sliding
scale price reductions on puppy and kitten procedures as well as adult pet
surgeries.

"Traditionally, Spay Day is the last Tuesday of the month," humane society
spokeswoman Laura Fulda said. "But we've taken the national effort and turned it
into a local month."

Fulda said that pet owners would only have to pay $65 to spay a female cat,
which normally costs $90, and just $35 to neuter a male cat, down from the
regular price of $50.

The discounted cost of surgery on dogs ranges from $50 for a male dog under 26
pounds to $115 for a female dog between 76 and 99 pounds, Fulda said.

In addition to the procedure itself, prices include a pre-operation exam,
anesthetic before and during the surgery, a nail trim, hospitalization, and
take-home pain medication.

Fulda said the humane society hopes the lower prices will encourage pet owners
to have the surgery done.

"We want to get people off of the couch and say, 'Hey, don't delay,'" she said.

But it's not just the hefty price tag of the surgery that Fulda said keeps
owners from fixing their pets.

"Some worry that their dog won't be as good of a protector if he's not intact.
That's a misconception," Fulda said.

She also debunked the myth that animals become obese after the procedures.

"Weight is purely a manifestation of their diet and exercise routine," Fulda
said. "(The surgery) is good for the planet, it's good for your pet, and really,
it's the best thing you can do for your animal."

Owners wishing to spay and neuter their pets are encouraged to call the humane
society at (408) 262-2133 ext.108 to schedule an appointment.

Copyright © 2011 by Bay City News, Inc. "... republication, re-transmission or
reuse without the express written consent of Bay City News, Inc. is prohibited.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            February 24, 2008 Sunday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

CULTURE CASH;
ARTS ORGANIZATIONS, ALWAYS IN THE HUNT FOR FUNDING, HOPE FOR HELP FROM STATE

BYLINE: Courant Arts Staff Courant Staff Writers Eric R. Danton, Matt Eagan,
Frank Rizzo and Donna Larcen wrote this story.

SECTION: SPECIAL; Pg. L8

LENGTH: 1686 words


The arts are a vital part of the economic engine in Connecticut and next year
might get a boost from the state in the form of increased grants included in the
governor's revised budget proposal. In addition, the state might create a
separate bonding fund for capital improvements for the arts, cultural, historic
and tourism venues. n Entertainment dollars are important, whether it's
traditional venues such as museums or the opera, or rock concerts at Toad's
Place or the XL Center. n Here's an overview of some of the players, big and
small:

PRICED TO ATTRACT

How do you get younger audiences? That's a question that traditional arts venues
such as the Bushnell Center for the Performing Arts, Hartford Stage and the
Wadsworth Atheneum Museum of Art are asking. Venerable arts groups such as
Connecticut Opera and the Hartford Symphony Orchestra are interested in the same
question.

One way is to offer discounts to attract first-timers. The orchestra is pitching
season tickets at half price; Connecticut Opera pitched $25 seats to "La
Cenerentola" (Cinderella); Hartford Stage offers $10 seats to its performances.

"We have to be smart and capture that younger person," said Robert H. Roggeveen,
interim director of marketing at HSO. "But we can't survive only selling
discounted tickets."

The Greater Hartford Arts Council offers discounted ticket options on its
website, www.letsgoarts.org. Last-minute tickets are discounted up to 50 percent
for members of the Let's Go Arts program. And for $110, the Hartford Arts 6-Pack
comes with seven tickets to six organizations (a Broadway musical and a comedy
at the Bushnell), Hartford Stage, Connecticut Opera, TheaterWorks, HSO, and a
visit and film (with popcorn) at the Wadsworth.

FILM

"All right, Mr. DeMille, I'm ready for my close-up," says Norma Desmond in
"Sunset Boulevard."

So is Connecticut.

Tax credits, a film commission and meetings of movie professionals, university
representatives and legislators are pushing to create "Hollywood East."

In 2007, high-profile films "Indiana Jones and the Kingdom of the Crystal
Skull," "Sisterhood of the Traveling Pants 2" and "Revolutionary Road" had
shoots in Connecticut.

That followed a 2006 business tax credit of 30 percent for producing films and
digital media in Connecticut. In 2007, the legislature approved a 10 percent to
20 percent business tax credit for capital projects to develop production
facilities.

It's exciting to have Harrison Ford streaking across the Yale campus on a
motorcycle while Steven Spielberg directs. And the state wants to continue to
encourage filmmakers to set their films in Connecticut. But just as important is
to have its investment ($87 million from May 2006 to July 2007) pay off in
infrastructure. Connecticut-based production studios mean jobs here. In
mid-January, Blue Sky Studios Inc., a digital animation studio that created "Ice
Age" and "Robots," announced that it was moving its headquarters and 300 jobs
from New York's Westchester County to Greenwich.

The "Hollywood East" task force, set up by House Speaker James Amann, D-Milford,
is involving local universities to encourage technical training in film and
digital trades. It is working with the Office of Workforce Competitiveness,
which has a $1 million grant from the state, to develop and run the program.

The task force took its cue from similar training programs in New Mexico and
Louisiana.

CONCERTS

Using last year's numbers to forecast this year's concert business is sort of
like predicting what will be on the front page of next Sunday's newspaper - it
all depends on what happens.

The live-music business depends very much on who's touring, and although some of
last year's biggest acts - Bruce Springsteen and the Police among them - are on
the road again this year, there are also plenty of variables. British rock band
Radiohead has dates scheduled (none in Connecticut), and rumors continue to
swirl about a Led Zeppelin tour, although guitarist Jimmy Page said that if such
a thing happens, it might not be until 2009.

Last year's numbers, then, are useful only for assessing last year's concert
business.

Continuing a trend, Mohegan Sun Arena posted the best attendance figures among
the large venues in Connecticut, with 424,484 people buying tickets to 69 shows,
including rapper Kanye West and rockers Van Halen, according to figures reported
to Pollstar, an industry trade magazine. Although Mohegan Sun featured 10 fewer
shows in 2007 than the year before, attendance climbed by more than 12,000.

The Dodge Music Center in Hartford also hosted fewer shows - 23 in 2006 and 15
last year - with a corresponding drop in attendance - 286,955 paid for tickets
in 2006, compared with 212,267 in 2007. Kenny Chesney and the Dave Matthews Band
were the most popular acts to play the Hartford amphitheater last summer; each
performed to sellout crowds.

The Dodge is one of two venues in Connecticut owned by concert conglomerate Live
Nation (which books events at a third venue, Mohegan Sun). The other, the
Chevrolet Theatre in Wallingford, attracted nearly 165,000 paying customers to
60 shows, including concerts and musical theater. That's eight fewer shows than
in 2006, but more than 10,000 additional people.

The former Hartford Civic Center, rechristened the XL Center last year, hosted
10 shows for a total of 96,551 tickets sold to concerts featuring the likes of
Springsteen, Genesis and Hannah Montana. The Civic Center held 13 shows in 2006,
for a total of 141,569 tickets sold.

The Arena at Harbor Yard in Bridgeport hosted seven shows in 2007, including
Fall Out Boy and Bob Dylan with Elvis Costello, down from 10 shows in 2006.
Attendance fell from 68,643 to 42,427.

THEATER

After years of expansion, renovation and construction projects, Connecticut
theaters slowly inched forward.

Although plans for a new Goodspeed Opera House in East Haddam have stalled, the
theater is moving ahead to create actors' housing for the hamlet on the
Connecticut River.

But plans for a new configuration of Goodspeed's second stage, the Norma Terris
Theatre in Chester, are on the back burner, vexed by parking issues.

Hartford Stage will renovate and expand its Church Street theater beginning next
year, funded by supporters of the theater. But a second phase of the project - a
new second theater - is now seen as a distant goal.

Long Wharf Theatre is completing its many studies for a move to downtown New
Haven as the ball now goes into the architect's court and theater leaders try to
figure out how much money they can raise in the uncertain economic climate. And
although the state has committed $30 million to the project, that money is not
in hand.

At Westport Country Playhouse, artistic director Tazewell Thompson was let go in
the second year of his three-year contract. Joanne Woodward returned to the
theater's leadership to help in transition, along with co-artistic director Anne
Keefe. It remains to be seen if the theater will accept a strong, independent
visionary or be held in check by a board of strong personalities as it evolves
as a functional year-round facility.

Last year, the arts received a hearty boost from the state legislature, which
added $4 million to the arts grants through the Connecticut Commission on
Culture and Tourism. That came on top of the existing $2.4 million designated
specifically to arts groups.

In announcing her revised budget for fiscal 2008-09, Gov. M. Jodi Rell asked the
legislature to increase grant money to the commission to a total of $10 million,
an increase of $3.6 million. At least 25 percent of the funds in the governor's
new proposal are targeted to "smaller programs.

Karen Senich, who filled in as acting executive director of the agency for more
than a year after Jennifer Aniskovich was let go, was put into the top job by
Gov. M. Jodi Rell.

MUSEUMS

Expansion was the buzzword of the early part of the decade. Now that much of the
building and moving is done, state art lovers have more options than ever
before.

The New Britain Museum of American Art underwent a major renovation and the
Florence Griswold Museum in Old Lyme underwent a makeover.

The Wadsworth hopped from one expansion plan to another and is now set on
renovating its own building, nixing the most recent project in October to expand
to The Hartford Times building because the project's cost rose from $15 million
to $20 million. The museum was allowed to withdraw from a 99-year lease and keep
a $15 million state grant that was initially approved for a $100 million
expansion plan. That money is now earmarked for repairing and reorganizing the
historic buildings that make up the Wadsworth.

Aside from the basics, such as repairing the roof and renovating the facade of
the 166-year-old landmark, the museum hopes to find additional exhibition and
office space within its walls.

Susan Lubowsky Talbott, the Wadsworth's new director, will face those challenges
when she begins her tenure May 1.

At the Griswold Museum, the opening of the Krieble Gallery and the restoration
of the original Griswold House has given visitors twice as much to look at.

The gallery has been used as exhibition space while the house, restored to look
as it did at the dawn of the 20th century, allows visitors a glimpse into the
life of the artists' colony.

The late-Georgian-style mansion, purchased by Griswold's father in 1841, was the
home of the Old Lyme Artists' Colony, which was at the center of the American
Impressionist movement.

The parlor, the dining room, Florence Griswold's bedroom and an artist's bedroom
show visitors how the artists lived at Griswold's home in 1910.

The $26 million expansion at the New Britain Museum of American Art, which was
completed in 2006, has transformed the museum in ways that might not have been
initially anticipated.

The expansion, which nearly doubled the size of the museum, has allowed
organizers to bring in shows without removing essential parts of the permanent
collection to make room.

Whether its utterly refreshing works by California artists or Robert Lesser's
collection of pulp art, the museum in New Britain has made the most of its
newfound space.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO 1: COLOR, STEPHEN DUNN / THE HARTFORD COURANT PHOTO 2: COLOR,
JOHN LONG / THE HARTFORD COURANT
 PHOTO 1-2: DIRECTOR Steven Spielberg, above, signs autographs for fans while in
New Haven last summer filming the latest installment of the "Indiana Jones"
series. Below, Stephen Hendee's "The Eye" is on display at the expanded New
Britain Museum of American Art.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SPECIAL SECTION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Memorandum: Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Memorandum:



  From:     Representative Martin T. Causer

 To:     All House members

 Subject:     Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration



 I soon will be reintroducing legislation proposing to raise the income level
for senior citizens to be eligible for the discounted $10 fee to register a
motor vehicle in the Commonwealth.





 Currently, any person who is retired and receiving social security or other
pension and whose total annual income does not exceed $19,200 is eligible to be
exempt from the normal fee for registering a vehicle in Pennsylvania and is
required to pay only a $10 processing fee to register their vehicle. My
legislation would increase that income level to $23,500.



 The income eligibility level that I am proposing is comparable to the current
income eligibility level in place for the PACENET drug assistance program.



 It should be noted that the last time the income eligibility level for the
discounted vehicle registration fee was raised was 1998. Over the past 15 years,
senior citizens have received COLAs or other adjustments to their retirement
plan that have elevated their income just barely over the eligibility limit for
this program. I believe it is time for another increase to ensure that deserving
senior citizens continue to be eligible for the program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Memorandum: Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Memorandum:



  From:     Representative Martin T. Causer

 To:     All House members

 Subject:     Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration



 I soon will be reintroducing legislation proposing to raise the income level
for senior citizens to be eligible for the discounted $10 fee to register a
motor vehicle in the Commonwealth.





 Currently, any person who is retired and receiving social security or other
pension and whose total annual income does not exceed $19,200 is eligible to be
exempt from the normal fee for registering a vehicle in Pennsylvania and is
required to pay only a $10 processing fee to register their vehicle. My
legislation would increase that income level to $23,500.



 The income eligibility level that I am proposing is comparable to the current
income eligibility level in place for the PACENET drug assistance program.



 It should be noted that the last time the income eligibility level for the
discounted vehicle registration fee was raised was 1998. Over the past 15 years,
senior citizens have received COLAs or other adjustments to their retirement
plan that have elevated their income just barely over the eligibility limit for
this program. I believe it is time for another increase to ensure that deserving
senior citizens continue to be eligible for the program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Memorandum: Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Memorandum:



  From:     Representative Martin T. Causer

 To:     All House members

 Subject:     Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration



 I soon will be reintroducing legislation proposing to raise the income level
for senior citizens to be eligible for the discounted $10 fee to register a
motor vehicle in the Commonwealth.





 Currently, any person who is retired and receiving social security or other
pension and whose total annual income does not exceed $19,200 is eligible to be
exempt from the normal fee for registering a vehicle in Pennsylvania and is
required to pay only a $10 processing fee to register their vehicle. My
legislation would increase that income level to $23,500.



 The income eligibility level that I am proposing is comparable to the current
income eligibility level in place for the PACENET drug assistance program.



 It should be noted that the last time the income eligibility level for the
discounted vehicle registration fee was raised was 1998. Over the past 15 years,
senior citizens have received COLAs or other adjustments to their retirement
plan that have elevated their income just barely over the eligibility limit for
this program. I believe it is time for another increase to ensure that deserving
senior citizens continue to be eligible for the program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 8, 2016 Thursday

Memorandum: Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration

LENGTH: 252  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania House of Representatives has issued the following
Memorandum:



  From:     Representative Martin T. Causer

 To:     All House members

 Subject:     Income level adjustment for discounted vehicle registration



 I soon will be reintroducing legislation proposing to raise the income level
for senior citizens to be eligible for the discounted $10 fee to register a
motor vehicle in the Commonwealth.





 Currently, any person who is retired and receiving social security or other
pension and whose total annual income does not exceed $19,200 is eligible to be
exempt from the normal fee for registering a vehicle in Pennsylvania and is
required to pay only a $10 processing fee to register their vehicle. My
legislation would increase that income level to $23,500.



 The income eligibility level that I am proposing is comparable to the current
income eligibility level in place for the PACENET drug assistance program.



 It should be noted that the last time the income eligibility level for the
discounted vehicle registration fee was raised was 1998. Over the past 15 years,
senior citizens have received COLAs or other adjustments to their retirement
plan that have elevated their income just barely over the eligibility limit for
this program. I believe it is time for another increase to ensure that deserving
senior citizens continue to be eligible for the program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            November 1, 2009 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

Orlando offers Canadians special savings; lures: Discounted or free rooms and
deals on attractions

BYLINE: Rick Cropp and Barbara Braidwood, Special to The Province

SECTION: TRAVEL; travel talk; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 472  words


The Orlando Convention & Visitors Bureau is hoping to entice you to visit with
its new Made for Canadians (1-800-551-2006, www.VisitOrlando.com/Canada)
promotion valid through Apr. 30.

This is the first time the Orlando CVB has had a specific savings program just
for us. There are over 70 offers that range from discounted or free
accommodation to deals on attractions or eateries. For example, when you book a
three day golf school at the Faldo Golf Institute by Marriott, you receive free
lodging in a one bedroom villa at Marriott's Grande Vista Resort for three
nights. The Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando/South Lake Buena Vista is offering a
discounted rate of $55 US per night and the Pirate's Dinner Adventure is giving
$20 US off per adult. Be prepared to show Canadian ID and blackout dates may
apply.

While in Florida, roller coaster fans may want to visit SeaWorld Orlando's
(www.seaworld.com) new Manta ride that claims to give you the sensation of being
a giant ray. And Universal Studios Florida (www.universalorlando.com) new
Hollywood Rip, Ride, Rockit coaster lets you select the music you'd like to
shriek to as you coast around.

If you can, make the trip (about an hour's drive) to one of our favourite
places: Daytona Beach (www.daytonabeachcvb.org, click on Canadian Sand Dollars
for accommodation discounts). It was the novelty of driving on the seemingly
endless beach and the relatively cheap off-season prices that first attracted
us, but we have since found other attractions to draw us back.

Daytona boasts a gargantuan flea market (www.daytonafleamarket.com) and the
beach is a terrific spot for viewing night launches at Cape Canaveral.

North of the strip is where you can catch a glimpse of old Florida. The hotels
have been kept to a maximum of a few storeys and are mostly located on the
non-water side of the two-lane highway. The beach is miles of untrammelled wide
sand where you can fish without snagging a swimmer or sunbather.

Best of all are a series of historic attractions hidden down some of the roads
off the beach (www.ormondscenicloopandtrail.com). We love the Tomoka State Park
(www.floridastateparks.org/tomoka), where we once happened upon a couple Norman
Rockwell-type boys fishing blue crabs out of the meandering creek. They shyly
showed us where the alligators like to sun and told us about the manatees that
munch through the aquatic forest that waved hypnotically under the tiny bridge.

On an aimless meandering we also came across the Bulow Plantation Ruins Historic
State Park (www.floridastateparks.org/bulowplantation). The narrow winding drive
along Plantation Road is a step back in time with overhanging live oak branches.
The ruins themselves are fascinating but the serenity of the salt marshes and
creek and absence of anyone all afternoon made it just another day in the 1800s.

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2009 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             July 17, 2004 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Silver Dips Into Campaign Funds to Hire Lawyers

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 854 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, July 16


State Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver has spent $15,000 of his campaign
donations to hire lawyers as he faces questions in an investigation of a casino
company that gave him a discounted suite in a Las Vegas hotel, according to
campaign finance records he filed this week.

Mr. Silver, the most powerful Democrat in state government, was subpoenaed last
month by the state lobbying commission. The commission is investigating whether
Caesars Entertainment, a company that is trying to break into the gambling
market in New York, violated the state's $75 limit on gifts from lobbyists in
2002, when it gave Mr. Silver and his wife a luxury suite at a Las Vegas hotel
for $109 a night for two nights. The company sometimes rents the room for four
times that amount, or more, though it has been rented for less on occasion.

In a filing with the State Board of Elections this week, Mr. Silver's campaign
committee, Friends of Silver, reported spending $15,000 on legal services from
Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, a Manhattan firm. A spokesman for Mr. Silver, Charles
Carrier, said that the speaker had hired the firm. ''The retainer relationship
involves legal consultations, including on Caesars Entertainment,'' Mr. Carrier
said.

Mr. Silver is not accused of any wrongdoing in the current case; the state's
lobbying commission investigates only lobbyists, not elected officials. The
focus of its investigation is whether Caesars violated the law by offering a
discounted hotel suite.

While it is unusual for candidates to use campaign donations to pay for lawyers
who specialize in areas other than election law, it is permitted by state law,
which gives broad latitude to legislators in spending donations. An advisory
opinion by the Board of Elections states that candidates can use campaign funds
to pay for lawyers to represent them on matters ''related to the political
campaign or the holding of a public office.''

And in New York, it is not unusual for lawmakers -- who rarely face serious
challenges and are re-elected more than 98 percent of the time -- to use
campaign contributions to pay for meals, trips and car leases, among other
things.

Earlier this year, State Senator Guy J. Velella, a Republican from the Bronx,
was criticized for using $400,000 of his campaign funds to pay a law firm to
defend him against criminal bribery charges, including nearly $150,000 that was
donated to Mr. Velella's campaign funds from the campaign funds of his fellow
Republican senators. Mr. Velella then pleaded guilty and resigned, and he is now
serving a one-year sentence on Rikers Island.

Mr. Silver has said that he sought no special treatment from the hotel. He went
to Las Vegas in January 2002, three months after the State Legislature and Gov.
George E. Pataki had approved the largest extension of legalized gambling in New
York's history, giving the green light to a casino in the Catskills that Caesars
and the Saint Regis Mohawk Tribe want to build. A Caesars official has said that
Mr. Silver received ''the government rate.''

On Friday afternoon, Mr. Silver's office released a statement saying he planned
to give the lobbying commission ''a sworn affirmation detailing his visit to Las
Vegas in January 2002.'' The statement said he was providing the information
''even though the subpoena issued by the commission was not properly served.''

The statement said that Mr. Silver would provide the commission with copies of a
receipt for his hotel stay and his appointment log, which designates the dates
of his stay in Las Vegas as ''personal.''

But by late Friday afternoon, the lobbying commission said it had not received
the papers from Mr. Silver. ''We cannot confirm any of the details contained in
the speaker's press release and are only aware of the press release as a result
of it being provided to us by the media,'' said Kris Thompson, a spokesman for
the commission.

After details of the Caesars investigation were made public, the members of the
commission, who are political appointees, voted to order its outspoken executive
director, David M. Grandeau, not to comment on its investigations

Earlier in its investigation, the lobbying commission asked Caesars for a list
of other state lawmakers who have stayed at its hotels, to see if any others had
received discounts. Caesars denied the request, saying it was inappropriate, a
Caesars official said.

''We think that we have done everything that is required,'' said Robert Stewart,
a spokesman for Caesars.

Stroock & Stroock & Lavan, the firm advising Mr. Silver on the lobbying
investigation, is itself registered to lobby in New York. It was hired to lobby
for an insurance company last year and by the New York Jockey Injury
Compensation fund this year, according to records filed with the lobbying
commission.

Mr. Silver, who is not expected to face any serious opposition this November
when he faces re-election, along with the rest of the State Assembly, raised
$203,000 over the last six months, bringing his campaign war chest to nearly
$2.7 million. During the same period, the fund spent $48,261.01, nearly a third
of it on the law firm.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver faces questions over a
discounted hotel suite. (Photo by Associated Press/Stewart Cairns)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                March 5, 1983, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

U.S. and Canada in Air Fare Accord

BYLINE: UPI

SECTION: Section 1; Page 35, Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 337 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, March 4


The United States announced today a tentative agreement in its dispute with
Canada about the sale of deeply discounted airline tickets, apparently ending
weekend travel uncertainty for thousands of ticket-holders.

The settlement apparently met the United States Government's requirement that a
domestic carrier, Continental Air Lines, be granted a route with a favorable
fare from Canada to Australia with a stop in Los Angeles.

In a terse announcement, the State Department said that the two governments had
''reached an agreement in principle which resolves the specific air fare
issues'' troubling the two neighbors. Details of the agreement were not
disclosed.

The Civil Aeronautics Board had banned Air Canada's deeply discounted weekend
tickets to United States destinations, which were intended to spur traffic
during a slow winter season. The C.A.B. had acted because Canada had refused to
allow Continental to start service from Canada to Australia with a stopover in
Los Angeles.  Canadian Pacific Air Lines already has such a route.

''The agreement will permit the use of seat sale (discounted) fares between the
United States and Canada and matching fares between Canada and South Pacific
points,'' the Government announcement said.  The Civil Aeronautics Board said
the agreement is to last one year pending further consultations.

The C.A.B.'s chairman, Dan McKinnon, said that ''I hope there is no longer any
doubt about the United States's commitment to the benefits of flexible pricing
policies in international aviation.''

''This will allow us to operate this weekend,'' Dave Pember, an Air Canada
spokesman, said in New York. ''The whole program is in place.''

Air Canada's discounted tickets averaged about half the normal economy fare for
the weekend flights. Six United States carriers have said that they will match
the discounts.

About 100,000 tourists were expected to take advantage of the special fares
before they end in late June to fly from Canada to various United States points.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1983 The New York Times Company


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           September 2, 2010 Thursday

BRIEF: Fort Bragg offers county agricultural fair discount

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 259 words


Sept. 02--Deeply discounted tickets to the Cumberland County Agricultural Fair
will be sold in advance of the event to military members and their families.

The tickets will cost $14 and will cover gate admission, unlimited carnival
rides and discount coupons for food and beverages at the fair in late September,
according to a release from Fort Bragg's Morale, Welfare and Recreation office.

Discounted fair tickets for non-military members cost $20.

The MWR office sought to arrange the ticket discount after it had to cancel
Oktoberfest, a similar fair that's usually held on post every October. The
office was unable to find a company to provide and run carnival rides at the
fair.

The county fair will be held Sept. 16-26 at the Crown Center in Fayetteville.
Military members can get discounted tickets through Sept. 24 at Fort Bragg
Leisure Travel Services. A valid military ID is required. For information, call
396-8747.

Non-military members can find discounted fair tickets ahead of the event at
several businesses. For their locations, go to
www.cumberlandcountyfair.org/advtix.asp.

Tweet

To see more of The Fayetteville Observer, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.fayettevillenc.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Fayetteville
Observer, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20100902-FY-BRF-Fort-Bragg-offers-county-agricultural-fair-discount-0902-2010090
2

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2010 The Fayetteville Observer


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Pennsylvania Man Admits Defrauding Computer Equipment Companies of
$2.5 Million

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of USA has issued the
following news release:

A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man today admitted using phony documents and "straw
buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted computer
equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco), U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 51, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Shipp
in Trenton federal court to an information charging him with one count of wire
fraud.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple e-mails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

The wire fraud charge to which Silverman pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Silverman will be
required to forfeit $2.5 million under terms of the plea agreement. Sentencing
is scheduled for May 19, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 11, 2009 Friday

Twin Cities a hotbed of discounted homes this season

BYLINE: By Christopher Snowbeck csnowbeck@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 411 words


As the traditional peak to the home-selling season falls away, some in the Twin
Cities are getting a little desperate with their asking prices.

A full 34 percent of for-sale listings in the 13-county metro area had seen
price reductions as of Sept. 1, according to a report released Friday by
Trulia.com , a real estate Web site.

That ranked the Twin Cities seventh among the 50 largest cities in the U.S. in
terms of the share of reduced-price listings, according to the report.
Jacksonville, Fla., was at the top of the list, with 37 percent of listings
showing price reductions; Houston was at the bottom with 10 percent.

The size of the average price reduction in the Twin Cities was 9 percent.

"If they haven't been getting bites, sellers start to get nervous that they're
going to be stuck with the house," said Ken Shuman, a spokesman for Trulia,
which has tracked steady increases in the share of discounted homes in markets
across the country.

In the Twin Cities, for example, Shuman noted 31 percent of homes on the market
during June had seen price cuts. The market share of discounted homes here has
steadily increased as summer's end nears.

The results dovetail with statistics from the St. Paul Area Association of
Realtors, which show the frequency of price changes in the 13-county metro area
increased to 6,001 in August from 1,923 during June.

During the first 11 days of September, there already have been 3,442 price
changes among listings of existing single-family homes, said Patrick Ruble of
the St. Paul Realtors group.

The numbers make sense to Jeff Allen, the data manager for the Minneapolis Area
Association of Realtors.

"There are very few price reductions, relatively speaking, in the spring because
everything is new to market," Allen said. "It's not until later in the summer
that sellers who've seen no movement get desperate."

All the discounting has made price-watching a spectator sport this summer among
home buyers and real estate agents.

Ross Kaplan, an agent with Edina Realty in Minneapolis, has been chronicling on
his City Lakes Real Estate Blog price cuts for a Minnetonka home that first
listed in July at $595,000. The sellers have been rhythmically cutting the price
in $10,000 increments every week or so, Kaplan said.

Then on Thursday, they took a big discount -- dropping the price by $35,000 to
an even half-million.

"I think we can now call that capitulation," Kaplan said Friday.

Christopher Snowbeck can be reached at 651-228-5479.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Sedalia Democrat (Sedalia, Missouri)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 1, 2010 Thursday

BRIEF: Discounted fair admission tickets set to go on sale

BYLINE: The Sedalia Democrat, Sedalia, Mo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 266 words


July 01--The Missouri State Fair is a little more than a month away, but future
fairgoers can get discounted admission tickets as early as Friday at some area
businesses.

According to a news release from the Missouri State Fair, admission tickets to
the fair will be sold at Missouri Break Times, Orscheln Farm & Home stores, and
the fair's box office for $6.

The discounted tickets will be available through Aug. 11.

Regular admission tickets to the fair are $8 for adults, $6 for seniors 60 and
older, $2 for children ages 6 to 12 and children 5 and younger are free.

In addition to the discounted tickets, Break Times also will be selling the
unlimited daily deal ticket for $27. The deal includes a one-day adult admission
pass and a one-day unlimited carnival ride wristband.

The Missouri State Fair box office is open from noon to 6 p.m. Monday through
Friday through Aug. 11.

Other promotions during the 11-day fair which runs from Aug. 12-22 include $2
admission on opening day, $4 admission Aug. 12, 19 and 22. A $5 admission after
5 p.m. also is offered Aug. 16-18.

For more information about admission prices visit mostatefair.com.

To see more of The Sedalia Democrat or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.sedaliademocrat.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Sedalia Democrat,
Sedalia, Mo. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100701-SX-BRF-Discounted
-fair-admission-tickets-set-to-go-on-sale-20100701

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SX


                      Copyright 2010 The Sedalia Democrat


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 31, 2014 Sunday
                              SUN PERSPECT Edition

Fare to say, RTD has a problem

BYLINE: Jeremy P. Meyer

SECTION: PERSPECT; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 580 words


The Regional Transportation District has a mess on its hands with a convoluted
fare system and a difficult goal of having a new process in place by 2016.

Good luck.

Last week RTD finished up a series of meetings to gather feedback on what the
public thinks about its fare policies.

Judging from Thursday's meeting at RTD headquarters in Denver, the public is not
pleased with the current structure, giving RTD officials grist for their ongoing
fare study.

Officials say they want a simpler system that is "equitable" and "cost
effective."

The system now is confusing and complex. Prices differ based on distance, zones
and class of service. Passengers pay using cash, tickets and passes. And
discounted fares are available for seniors, students and people with
disabilities.

Audience members on Thursday questioned almost every part of the current system:
Why does a bus trip to Denver International Airport cost three times more than a
local route? Why not have one standard fare for every trip? Why do discounted
fare products seem to be out of reach to those who need them the most?

All good questions and issues RTD must address while at the same time complying
with federal law that requires fares be equitable for disadvantaged populations.

So far, the district does not have a good system for the poor.

RTD touts a program that lets nonprofits buy fares at reduced prices for
distribution to their low income clients. Currently, 225 agencies participate,
spending $5 million a year for fare products at a discounted net cost of around
$3 million, RTD says.

The program doesn't make it necessarily easy for the poor, many of whom rely on
RTD for all transportation needs getting to child care, going shopping, and
getting to work and school.

To obtain reduced fare passes, people must travel to the agencies. In some cases
they need to win a lottery to get a pass. This isn't a requirement for those who
get other fare discounts, such as the elderly, disabled or students.

Seattle recently became the country's second major transit system behind San
Francisco to announce a reduced fare program for the poor giving people whose
household incomes are less than 200 percent of the federal poverty level smart
cards for discounted fares.

Seattle's Metro Transit expects to lose $4.75 million a year by giving the fare
relief, according to the Seattle Times. When operating expenses are added, the
total loss will be more like $7 million to $9 million.

The challenge is developing a system that cannot be easily manipulated but is
readily available for people in need.

It's a safe bet RTD will use its fare study to streamline its fare program, get
rid of its convoluted zones and come up with a better way to serve low income
riders.

RTD hasn't had a fare increase since 2011, and those hikes are supposed to
happen every three years. No increase occurred this year, but a 10 percent
increase is assumed in 2015's strategic budget plan.

RTD is setting itself up for big growth, adding five new lines in 2016,
including commuter rail to DIA and bus rapid transit on U.S. 36. It will likely
want more money.

Yet at Thursday's meeting one person suggested dropping fares altogether,
offering free rides over the sprawling district.

Despite a state law forbidding that, it wouldn't happen anyway. No organization
would give up $119 million in revenue.

It's a nice thought, though. Might as well make Broncos games free too.

E mail Jeremy Meyer at jpmeyer@denverpost.com Follow him on Twitter:
@JPMeyerDPost

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A passenger boards an RTD bus in downtown Denver. (Denver Post file)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Idaho Business Review (Boise, ID)

                                August 18, 2008

Bargain grocer to open on Broadway in Boise

BYLINE: Dani Grigg

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 311  words


The first of three planned grocery stores in the Treasure Valley opened Aug. 15
in the Pinon Square shopping center in Boise.

Three B's on Broadway (Boise Bargain Basket) will offer a unique variety of
goods it buys at discounted prices for any number of reasons: it could be a
manufacturer overrun, a discontinued product from a store or warehouse or a
product rejected by another retailer because of damaged or nonstandard
packaging.

Store employees will inspect each item to make sure it's top quality before
putting it on the shelf.

"It's like a treasure hunt," said Marsha Sparks, who owns the store along with
her husband, Steve Sparks. "When we're out searching for products, we never know
what we're going to get. It could be anything from an organic cookie to an
energy drink to a really hot buy on a national brand cereal. "

The store, which is located in the 10,000-square-foot space vacated by Trading
Places on Broadway, will also offer a coffee bar with discounted coffee.

"I don't want to say discounted, because that makes you think second rate, but
we're going to beat the prices of anybody of our competition," Sparks said.
"With the economy the way it is, we can really help stretch that dollar. "

Ramona Hildebran of Capitol Commercial Properties, who brokered the real estate
transaction for the store, said shoppers can find any number of "exotic and cool
things" among the staples; if the purchasers happen to track down five pallets
of marmalade or German schnitzel or hearts of palm or organic lip balm, shoppers
will find those items on the shelves.

"From week to week, when you go to the store, you never know what you're going
to find," she said.

The owners live in the Seattle area and picked the Boise market for their stores
because their market studies showed stores like theirs, while common in the
Seattle area, were in short supply in Idaho.

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

3 Hearings In Philadelphia On Discounted Stormwater Rate For Community Gardens

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Environmental Issues in Pennsylvania Crisci Associates has issued
the following news release:



  The Philadelphia Water Department is hosting three more hearings on a proposal
to establish a discounted stormwater fee for community gardens.  The hearings
will be held--

 -- November 14: Community Room at Villas Del CARIBE, 167 W. Allegheny Avenue,
10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.;



 -- November 16: Conversation Hall, Room 201, City Hall, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.;
and

 -- November 18: Fumo Branch of the Free Library, 2437 S. Broad Street, 10:30
a.m.-12:30 p.m.

 On June 28, Philadelphia Mayor James F. Kenney signed an ordinance passed by
Philadelphia City Council that allows community gardens a special discounted
rate for stormwater services.

 The ordinance directs the Rate Board to establish a special discounted
stormwater charge, in an amount up to and including 100 percent, for approved
community gardens.

 As a result, the Board may exempt community gardens from paying a monthly
stormwater charge, as long as the gardens meet the criteria in the ordinance.

 If a full stormwater charge exemption is granted to community gardens, the
revenue loss to the Water Department is small enough that all other existing
rates and charges will not increase for the remainder of the current Rate
Period.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 8, 2016 Tuesday

3 Hearings In Philadelphia On Discounted Stormwater Rate For Community Gardens

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Environmental Issues in Pennsylvania Crisci Associates has issued
the following news release:



  The Philadelphia Water Department is hosting three more hearings on a proposal
to establish a discounted stormwater fee for community gardens.  The hearings
will be held--

 -- November 14: Community Room at Villas Del CARIBE, 167 W. Allegheny Avenue,
10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.;



 -- November 16: Conversation Hall, Room 201, City Hall, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.;
and

 -- November 18: Fumo Branch of the Free Library, 2437 S. Broad Street, 10:30
a.m.-12:30 p.m.

 On June 28, Philadelphia Mayor James F. Kenney signed an ordinance passed by
Philadelphia City Council that allows community gardens a special discounted
rate for stormwater services.

 The ordinance directs the Rate Board to establish a special discounted
stormwater charge, in an amount up to and including 100 percent, for approved
community gardens.

 As a result, the Board may exempt community gardens from paying a monthly
stormwater charge, as long as the gardens meet the criteria in the ordinance.

 If a full stormwater charge exemption is granted to community gardens, the
revenue loss to the Water Department is small enough that all other existing
rates and charges will not increase for the remainder of the current Rate
Period.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2016 Saturday

3 Hearings In Philadelphia On Discounted Stormwater Rate For Community Gardens

LENGTH: 236  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Environmental Issues in Pennsylvania Crisci Associates has issued
the following news release:



  The Philadelphia Water Department is hosting three more hearings on a proposal
to establish a discounted stormwater fee for community gardens.  The hearings
will be held--

 -- November 14: Community Room at Villas Del CARIBE, 167 W. Allegheny Avenue,
10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.;



 -- November 16: Conversation Hall, Room 201, City Hall, 10:30 a.m.-12:30 p.m.;
and

 -- November 18: Fumo Branch of the Free Library, 2437 S. Broad Street, 10:30
a.m.-12:30 p.m.

 On June 28, Philadelphia Mayor James F. Kenney signed an ordinance passed by
Philadelphia City Council that allows community gardens a special discounted
rate for stormwater services.

 The ordinance directs the Rate Board to establish a special discounted
stormwater charge, in an amount up to and including 100 percent, for approved
community gardens.

 As a result, the Board may exempt community gardens from paying a monthly
stormwater charge, as long as the gardens meet the criteria in the ordinance.

 If a full stormwater charge exemption is granted to community gardens, the
revenue loss to the Water Department is small enough that all other existing
rates and charges will not increase for the remainder of the current Rate
Period.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

THE BEST OF THE WEB WHAT YOU'RE COMMENTING ON AT www.MANCHESTEREVENINGNEWS.CO.UK

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 329 words


THE possible closure of city centre venue Night & Day It's like people buying a
house near a school and complaining about people parking their cars, buying a
house near the airport and complaining about the aircraft noise, and buying a
house near a football stadium and complaining about congestion on match days.
Manchester council should have the bottle for once to say no. Beverley Macca
Guess what? This is not the first time that the Council receives complaints
about this venue.

This particular complaint may have been raised by just one person but this venue
has a history. Also, technicians from the Council will have verified the
complaint has valid grounds (visited the residence and check the excessive level
of sound). The reality is that for a complaint of this nature to progress to
this level there must have been a history of complaints.

My own personal experience tells me they care little for the residents in the
area and feel entitled to be as loud as they want. James Tukey If you can't have
a live music venue even in the centre of Manchester - a hub of the global music
scene - I fear in 50 years time there won't be any left at all. Ursula Rothe
United selling discounted tickets to students What's the problem with them
selling spare tickets at a discounted price to 'communities' which have less
money? This country.

DevMonkey University of Salford Students' Union been selling discounted tickets
for City, Bolton, Wigan and United for ages.

I see nothing wrong with giving students a few spare discounted tickets.

Some will remain fans who may spread the word abroad and also help clubs in
difficult times.

I understand local United fans though, also because this move shows how
desperate times have arrived to Old Trafford. Armen Haczmerian Pensioner helped
by teenagers from Oldham after a fall Need more stories like this...respect to
the group of teenagers and hope the gentleman gets well soon GavLa Brilliant
girls and boys fantastic. malcolm.foran.7

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2014 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 11, 2015 Wednesday

Pennsylvania Man Admits Defrauding Computer Equipment Companies of $2.5 Million

LENGTH: 475  words


Washington,D.C.: FBI - Federal Bureau of Investigation, The Government of United
States of America has issued the following news release:

A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man today admitted using phony documents and "straw
buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted computer
equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco), U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 51, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Shipp
in Trenton federal court to an information charging him with one count of wire
fraud.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple e-mails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

The wire fraud charge to which Silverman pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Silverman will be
required to forfeit $2.5 million under terms of the plea agreement. Sentencing
is scheduled for May 19, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                    November 26, 1989, Sunday, City Edition

Investing without all the headaches

BYLINE: ROBERT J. BRUSS

SECTION: TAMPA; REAL ESTATE NOTEBOOK; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 811 words



What elements would you like in the perfect real estate investment?

 Perhaps high yield on dollars invested, very little management time, no
physical labor, low risk, and significant cash flow? Or would you    prefer a
real estate investment that offers potential for appreciation    in market
value, significant management time, income tax shelter, low    risk, and little
or no cash flow?

     As you may have guessed, the first alternative describes discounted
mortgage investments. The second choice describes income property such    as
rental houses, apartments and commercial buildings. Maybe you would    like to
balance your real estate investment portfolio, as I do, with    both mortgages
and investment properties.

     A discounted mortgage is not something you buy at a discount store    such
as K mart, Wal-Mart or Target. It is an existing mortgage usually    purchased
from an individual for less than the loan balance owed, thus    raising the
yield to the buyer.

     For example, suppose you recently sold your home and carried back a    $
20,000 second mortgage to help finance your buyer's purchase. You    thought the
10 percent interest rate and $ 264.30 monthly payment for 10    years would be a
good investment. But now you unexpectedly need $ 10,000    to bail your son out
of jail. You decide to sell your mortgage.

 Turning to the newspaper classified want ads under the "loans" or    similar
heading you spot my ad that says, "I buy existing mortgages    fast." I offer
you $ 13,676.26 for your $ 20,000 mortgage. Since you are    desperate to get
your son out of jail, you accept my generous offer.

     From the borrower's viewpoint, he will continue paying 10 percent
interest at $ 264.30 monthly until the loan is paid off. But from my
viewpoint as an investor, I just made a very profitable investment that    will
yield me 20 percent on my $ 13,672.26 investment. Although you took    a $
6,323.74 discount, you received the cash you needed.

     The biggest drawback of discounted mortgage investing is finding    them.
Few banks and S&Ls will sell their mortgages at a discount; they    would rather
go broke than sell off their low interest rate loans. The    primary source of
discounted mortgages is individuals, usually property    sellers who carried
back second mortgages. Newspaper ads and letters to    these mortgage holders
are excellent ways to find discounted loans.

     Other sources of discounted mortgage investments include real    estate
brokers, mortgage brokers, realty developers, home builders, and    lenders with
loans in foreclosure. Another excellent source are any    private lenders to
which you owe money. Each time you make a monthly    payment to a private party,
include a handwritten note saying, "How    much of a discount will you give me
if I pay off your mortgage now?"

 If you keep doing this month after month, eventually they will need    money
and make you a very good deal.

     The basic safety rule of buying discounted mortgages is never buy a    loan
secured by property you wouldn't want to own if the borrower    doesn't make the
payments. The best loan security is a single-family    house. The loan-to-value
ratio should usually not exceed 75 percent.

 But the worst mortgage security is a management-intense property such    as a
hotel or restaurant because if you have to foreclose you will then    have to
operate the business.

     At this point, you may be thinking it would be easier to make    direct,
hard money loans to borrowers who need money. However, such    loans are usually
not as profitable nor as safe as buying seasoned    discounted mortgages at high
yields.

     The general rule is, the higher the yield, the higher the risk. In
addition to checking the loan-to-value ratio and the property security,    other
factors to consider are the loan's position (a first mortgage is    safer than a
second mortgage), whether property values in the vicinity    are appreciating or
declining, and the borrower's on-time payment    record.

     Although discounted mortgages can be exciting and very profitable
investments, they should not be purchased without further study. The    two best
books on discounted mortgages are The Number One Real Estate    Investment No
One Talks About by Sanford W. Hornwood and I. Lucretia    Hollingsworth
(Prentice-Hall, $ 39, available by special order from    local bookstores) and
Invest in Debt by Jimmy Napier (available for $ 12    from Jim Napier Inc., P.O.
Box F, Chipley, Fla. 32428).

 Robert J. Bruss is a nationally syndicated columnist on real estate.



LOAD-DATE: November 10, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: TAMPA; BRANDON TIMES

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Record ( Stockton, California)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

Discounted Kings tickets available for Shaylee Night

BYLINE: The Record, Stockton, Calif.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 317 words


Jan. 10--Get a price break on one of the most anticipated matchups of the season
and help a Stockton teen recovering from a rare cancer when the Sacramento Kings
take on the Miami Heat on Friday.

Special promotional tickets are still available at deeply discounted prices for
the game, traditionally one of the most popular of the season. During the game,
14-year-old Christa McAuliffe middle school student Shaylee Murphy will be named
Queen of the Night during the special Night at the Kings celebration.

Last fall, Shaylee was diagnosed with a carcinoid tumor, which occurs very
rarely in children, and underwent an emergency appendectomy, followed by another
surgery in November to remove the malignant tumor and part of her affected
colon. Shaylee's back in school -- in fact, she received straight A's this
semester despite her illness -- but her mother has been struggling with the
rising expenses from the surgeries. The team's arena accounts manager, Marnie
Marfil, a parent at McAuliffe, brought the single mom's struggle to the
attention of the Kings.

Shaylee is looking forward to being able to come down onto the floor of Sleep
Train Arena, meet the players and be introduced to the crowd during the game,
said her mother, Trina Murphy.

The specially priced tickets for the 7 p.m. game, a critical one for both the
Kings and the Heat, are available for up to 40 percent off regular prices. They
can be purchased online at kingsgrouptickets.com/CancerAwareness. Promotional
prices range from $34-$42 for upper-level seats and $89 for the lower level; the
discount passcode is KINGS. For more information, email mmarfil@kings.com or
call (916) 928-8152.

McAuliffe staffers have also created a GiveForward.com fundraising page at
shayleethecancerfighter.com.

___ (c)2015 The Record (Stockton, Calif.) Visit The Record (Stockton, Calif.) at
www.recordnet.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150110-SK-Discounted
-Kings-tickets-available-for-Shaylee-Night-0110-20150110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SK


                           Copyright 2015 The Record


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                            October 23, 2009, Friday

$59 SPECIAL;
Greenbrier opens discount rates to other states

BYLINE: Eric Eyre, Staff writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P1A

LENGTH: 491 words


The Greenbrier resort has waived the requirement that guests must be West
Virginia or Virginia residents to take advantage of a special $59-a-night rate
on selected dates this fall and winter.

Jim Justice, who bought The Greenbrier in May, said the resort would not require
guests who reserve discounted rooms to show proof of residency when they check
in on the selected dates.

"We naturally wanted this to be something to appeal to people from West Virginia
and Virginia, but we can't deny people from other places," Justice said. "We
can't be discriminatory."

The resort initially announced Wednesday that the $59 rate was available only to
West Virginia and Virginia residents, who would have to show a photo ID at
check-in.

Standard guest rooms at the luxury resort normally cost a minimum of $275 a
night.

"We wanted this overwhelmingly to be for West Virginians and Virginians, but at
the same time, if someone calls from another state, we'd welcome them to come
and join in the celebration," Justice said.

The Greenbrier opened the $59 promotion to all guests late Thursday morning,
just hours after The Charleston Gazette asked Greenbrier administrators whether
the West Virginia-Virginia state residency requirement was a violation of the
federal Interstate Commerce Clause, which regulates trade across state lines.

The Greenbrier has booked more than 1,000 room nights since the resort started
offering the deeply discounted rates Wednesday afternoon, Justice said.

Justice said he expected all discounted rooms to be taken by late Thursday at
the earliest or this afternoon at the latest.

"I just want this to be a once-in-a-lifetime thing," Justice said. "I just
wanted to do something really great for the people of Virginia and West
Virginia."

On Thursday, The Greenbrier added three additional selected dates for discounted
rooms - all Mondays - in December, January and February, in response to demand.

By Thursday afternoon, the $59 room rate was available on eight of 13 selected
dates.

The Greenbrier initially offered the $59 rate for standard rooms, but later made
available "intermediate" rooms at the same low rate. Suites are available for as
little as $109 night.

The $59 rate was still available on Nov. 15-16, Dec. 20-21, Jan. 10-11, and Feb.
7-8.

Rooms at discounted rates were sold out on Dec. 18, Jan. 9, and Feb. 5-6.

"The national and international response to this promotion is an absolute
indicator of The Greenbrier's worldwide reputation," said Lynn Swann, the
resort's spokeswoman.

The "Tribute to the Virginias" package also includes complimentary greens fees,
discounts on sporting activities and $20 in coupons that can be used for
gambling at the resort's new Tavern Casino.

"We're not going to make any money on this, but I do really want all West
Virginians to feel like The Greenbrier is theirs," Justice said. "I want all of
us to be proud of what we have here."

Reach Eric Eyre at ericeyre@wvgazette.com

or 304-348-4869.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Charleston Newspapers


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Discounted Meds

                           43 Riverside Ave Suite 164
                               Medford,  MA 02155
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (781) 721-2565
URL: www.discountedmeds.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 2

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are a New England based company, formed to provide you with savings up to
80% on brand name prescription drugs! We are partnered with some of Canada's
leading pharmacies in order to provide you with affordable prescriptions drugs
that are substantially less then what you would pay in the United States.  If
you are paying full retail prices for your prescriptions we can help you! All
you need is a telephone, a credit card and your doctor's prescription.
Discounted Meds gives you a selection of more than 2000 drugs to choose from,
all of them 20%-80% cheaper than what you pay in the states. Whether you're
insured or have no insurance at all you'll find a reason to use Discounted Meds.
That's because Discounted Meds gives you huge savings even on the medications
that aren't covered by most insurance plans such as: Paxil, Prozac, Zoloft,
Viagra, Ortho Cyclean, and countless others.  Why are Prescriptions Drugs
Cheaper in Canada?  Canada places a limit on the price that can be charged by
the drug companies on prescription drugs. With those limits the price may be
half or less than what you are paying in the U.S. That, along with the lower
value of the Canadian dollar compared to US currency makes buying your
medications online from Canada a good value for the American Citizen.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 250,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 22, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Discount power programs criticized;
Study says state needs to re-examine allocations to 'legacy' firms, focus on
economic development

BYLINE: By James Heaney - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 797 words


New York doesn't get enough return for the half billion dollars in power
discounts it provides companies across the state, and the program that provides
dirt-cheap hydropower to some 130 industries in Western New York is particularly
ineffective, a study being released today shows.

The study, by the Citizens Budget Commission, found fault with all nine discount
power programs managed by the New York Power Authority and calls for their
wholesale elimination in favor of an initiative managed by the Empire State
Development Corp. that would target high-tech, clean-tech and other emerging
industries.

The commission is a New York City-based nonpartisan think tank. Its study
concluded that the deals provided to the industrial customers of hydropower
plants in Lewiston and Massena are "particularly troublesome." Many of the deals
date to the 1960s.

"Western New York needs economic development programs that work and are going to
generate the biggest return. These legacy arrangements aren't doing the job,"
said Elizabeth Lynam, the commission's deputy research director.

"Some of these legacy firms may be deserving, but they need to be re-examined.
They just shouldn't be receiving power because they always have," she said.

Discounts for other programs offered by the state range from $247 to $630 per
job per year. For the hydro programs, the cost ranges from $5,836 to $7,883
annually per job.

A look at the major recipients of low-cost hydropower customers in Erie and
Niagara counties further drove home the point.

Statewide, the authority allocated on average 4.4 kilowatts of power for every
job created or preserved. But the allocation for Olin Corp. in Niagara Falls
works out to 497 kilowatts per job. The allocation is 244 per kilowatt per job
for BOC Gases in Buffalo and 202 for Occidental Chemical in Niagara Falls.

"The legacy arrangements in the Replacement, Expansion and Preservation Power
programs are particularly troubling," the study said. "They provide generous
benefits to a small number of firms."

Indeed, the study found that the Power Authority's allocation of discounted
hydropower has created a handful of "haves" and many more "have nots" among
manufacturers in Western New York. The study said 92 percent of local
manufacturers do not receive power subsidies and "struggle to be competitive
without a NYPA subsidy."

The Citizens Budget Commission study is being released at a time when the
legislation that established many of the programs is sunsetting and many of the
contracts with companies for discounted power, including industries in Western
New York, are due to expire over the next five years.

Four programs involve the sale of discounted hydropower to industry located
primarily near the Lewiston and Massena plants. The other five programs involve
the authority buying electricity on the open market and then selling it at a
discount to businesses and, to a lesser extent, nonprofits, many of them located
downstate.

The discounts cost the authority $479 million to $640 million a year --
primarily by selling hydropower to industry at a discount rather than hawking it
at market rates.

The Budget Commission questioned the state's emphasis on using the nine programs
to provide discounted power to manufacturers, given its diminished role in the
economy. Manufacturing accounts for only 6 percent of jobs statewide, down from
20 percent in 1980, but receives 61 percent of discounted power, including
almost all of the hydroelectricity sold with the deepest discounts.

"There is no clear justification for using so much of the subsidy to support
manufacturing concerns," the study said.

The Budget Commission found three basic problems with the state's use of
discounted power:

*The programs are not aligned with other economic development strategies and
thus represent a "wasted opportunity."

*The programs also are not connected to state goals to reduce energy consumption
by 15 percent by 2015. Among other things, the study noted that some programs
discourage companies from reducing their energy consumption.

*The authority's management of the programs mask their costs by failing to make
important information available to the public.

"NYPA's economic development programs are not transparent," the study concluded.

To reform the programs, the study recommends that some power be allocated to
companies and businesses, and the balance sold at market rates. A portion of the
proceeds would be used to provide grants to targeted companies.

The study recommended the state target companies with high energy costs that
provide good-paying jobs, primarily in the "high tech, clean tech and other high
value added industries."

Another option for using the proceeds: invest them in upgrading the state's
energy infrastructure.

e-mail: jheaney@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo The energy generated by the Niagara Power Project in
Lewiston should target high-tech, clean-tech industry, a study says.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           September 22, 2009 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Discount power programs criticized;
Study says state needs to re-examine allocations to 'legacy' firms, focus on
economic development

BYLINE: By James Heaney - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 797 words


New York doesn't get enough return for the half billion dollars in power
discounts it provides companies across the state, and the program that provides
dirt-cheap hydropower to some 130 industries in Western New York is particularly
ineffective, a study being released today shows.

The study, by the Citizens Budget Commission, found fault with all nine discount
power programs managed by the New York Power Authority and calls for their
wholesale elimination in favor of an initiative managed by the Empire State
Development Corp. that would target high-tech, clean-tech and other emerging
industries.

The commission is a New York City-based nonpartisan think tank. Its study
concluded that the deals provided to the industrial customers of hydropower
plants in Lewiston and Massena are "particularly troublesome." Many of the deals
date to the 1960s.

"Western New York needs economic development programs that work and are going to
generate the biggest return. These legacy arrangements aren't doing the job,"
said Elizabeth Lynam, the commission's deputy research director.

"Some of these legacy firms may be deserving, but they need to be re-examined.
They just shouldn't be receiving power because they always have," she said.

Discounts for other programs offered by the state range from $247 to $630 per
job per year. For the hydro programs, the cost ranges from $5,836 to $7,883
annually per job.

A look at the major recipients of low-cost hydropower customers in Erie and
Niagara counties further drove home the point.

Statewide, the authority allocated on average 4.4 kilowatts of power for every
job created or preserved. But the allocation for Olin Corp. in Niagara Falls
works out to 497 kilowatts per job. The allocation is 244 per kilowatt per job
for BOC Gases in Buffalo and 202 for Occidental Chemical in Niagara Falls.

"The legacy arrangements in the Replacement, Expansion and Preservation Power
programs are particularly troubling," the study said. "They provide generous
benefits to a small number of firms."

Indeed, the study found that the Power Authority's allocation of discounted
hydropower has created a handful of "haves" and many more "have nots" among
manufacturers in Western New York. The study said 92 percent of local
manufacturers do not receive power subsidies and "struggle to be competitive
without a NYPA subsidy."

The Citizens Budget Commission study is being released at a time when the
legislation that established many of the programs is sunsetting and many of the
contracts with companies for discounted power, including industries in Western
New York, are due to expire over the next five years.

Four programs involve the sale of discounted hydropower to industry located
primarily near the Lewiston and Massena plants. The other five programs involve
the authority buying electricity on the open market and then selling it at a
discount to businesses and, to a lesser extent, nonprofits, many of them located
downstate.

The discounts cost the authority $479 million to $640 million a year --
primarily by selling hydropower to industry at a discount rather than hawking it
at market rates.

The Budget Commission questioned the state's emphasis on using the nine programs
to provide discounted power to manufacturers, given its diminished role in the
economy. Manufacturing accounts for only 6 percent of jobs statewide, down from
20 percent in 1980, but receives 61 percent of discounted power, including
almost all of the hydroelectricity sold with the deepest discounts.

"There is no clear justification for using so much of the subsidy to support
manufacturing concerns," the study said.

The Budget Commission found three basic problems with the state's use of
discounted power:

*The programs are not aligned with other economic development strategies and
thus represent a "wasted opportunity."

*The programs also are not connected to state goals to reduce energy consumption
by 15 percent by 2015. Among other things, the study noted that some programs
discourage companies from reducing their energy consumption.

*The authority's management of the programs mask their costs by failing to make
important information available to the public.

"NYPA's economic development programs are not transparent," the study concluded.

To reform the programs, the study recommends that some power be allocated to
companies and businesses, and the balance sold at market rates. A portion of the
proceeds would be used to provide grants to targeted companies.

The study recommended the state target companies with high energy costs that
provide good-paying jobs, primarily in the "high tech, clean tech and other high
value added industries."

Another option for using the proceeds: invest them in upgrading the state's
energy infrastructure.

e-mail: jheaney@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File photo The energy generated by the Niagara Power Project in
Lewiston should target high-tech, clean-tech industry, a study says.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 25, 2008 Friday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Rethink Niagara power;
Find better ways to distribute low-cost electricity generated here

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGE; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 768 words


It took a rock slide to set in stone the way discounted electricity is parceled
out in the Niagara region. After Niagara Mohawk's Schoellkopf Power Plant
dropped into the Niagara Gorge in 1956, New York State's much larger hydropower
replacement project included a replacement power deal that continued low-cost
electricity for Niagara Mohawk's industrial customers.

That system has grown unstable. Not all those industries survive, and many that
do have shed jobs as times and technologies change. Yet the heritage companies
still have a lock on much of the region's discount power allotment.

The discounted power offers huge utility-cost breaks to surviving manufacturing
and chemical industries, which now employ far fewer workers. Two chemical
companies alone, with a combined work force of 418, get 29 percent of the
low-cost power. A study done by University at Buffalo professors for the New
York Power Authority in 2001 found that 85 percent of the low-cost power
available could be better used in ways that boosted not just the corporations
getting the breaks, but the region and its economy.

Change is needed, and at last the state government has committed to a review of
replacement and expansion power allocations. There are many suggested revisions,
but one goal: Find a better way to use a regional asset to boost companies,
create and retain jobs and expand the local economy.

The Niagara Power Project produces electricity for about half a penny per
kilowatt hour. It sells that power in this region, wholesale, for 6.6 cents --
far less than the 12 to 14 cents the average residential user pays, retail. But
discounted power is sold for about a penny and a half -- and that makes it a
powerful and valuable tool for attracting business.

Four state programs channel that discounted power. Statewide, allocations are
made through an Economic Development Power program and from a larger Power for
Jobs block of 483 megawatts. Business growth in this area can tap a 250 megawatt
"expansion power" block, while nearly twice as much discounted electricity --
450 megawatts -- is available to the surviving companies from the 50-year-old
"replacement power" deal made with former Schoellkopf customers.

Today's bottom line is this: Niagara Falls is an incredible treasure and a huge
business advantage. Too many state and federal laws dissipate that advantage.
The struggling Niagara region needs to regain its birthright, and use it to
promote a better future.

While opening any practice to change involves an element of risk, the plan to
rethink how inexpensive power is doled out in this region is long overdue. That
examination is expected to be part of a larger review of statewide programs,
some of which expire in June. The intent -- and the need -- is to ensure that
the electricity generated by the Niagara Power Project is used as efficiently as
possible in meeting its goal of encouraging economic development.

That is not the case today, as a Buffalo News series showed last year. While
about 100 Western New York companies benefit from the Power for Jobs program,
two-thirds of the power goes to just 10 companies, many of which have been
bleeding jobs. The result has been an inefficient use of a critical resource.

Significant changes in the way this power is distributed would require a change
in legislation, and there will be great pressure on lawmakers to leave things as
they are. In some cases that may make sense, but if Western New York is to
thrive again, it needs to use its most valuable resource in a way that promotes
the economy.

That's why this review needs to be careful in its approach and thorough in its
scope. If laws need to be changed, state energy officials will have to present a
compelling case, so that the governor, legislators and interested New Yorkers
will have sufficient information to ensure that recommendations proceed to
action.

This is an exciting time in Western New York. Important projects seem to be
cropping up everywhere: the Buffalo waterfront, the Southtowns Connector, the
Niagara Greenway, the Richardson Towers, the Buffalo Niagara Medical Campus and
others envision a more robust economy not many years away.

But the feather in that cap, in some ways, would be to finally make the best use
of the inexpensive power that belongs to this region. That is the key that will
open the doors to a new economy. Gov. Eliot L. Spitzer, who has emphasized
redevelopment of the upstate economy, should take advantage of this chance to
help Western New York without impacting the state budget.

This review is critical. It should proceed, diligently and quickly.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorials

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2008 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Discounted Parking Available at BEA 2016

LENGTH: 310  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Booksellers Association has issued the following Press
release



  Discounted parking at Chicago's McCormick Place convention center is available
to American Booksellers Association bookseller members at BookExpo America 2016.
The trade show and ABA programming run from Wednesday, May 11, through Friday,
May 13.


 Discounted parking at McCormick Place is available to ABA members in good
standing. A flat $10 parking fee per day will be available for Lots A, B, or C
on May 11, 12, and 13. Members must bring their parking receipt to the ABA
Member Lounge (Booth T-100 on the trade show floor) for a voucher to receive the
discount. A separate voucher is required for each day of the show and will need
to be presented when exiting the parking lot.
 A BEA shuttle bus will run May 11 through 13 on a loop from The Drake Hotel,
this year's Hotel ABA, to McCormick Place.
 All ABA Regular Bookstore and Provisional members are entitled to receive free
BEA admission badges when they provide their ABA Membership ID number upon
registration. Booksellers in need of their ID number should contact ABA Member
Relationship managers Nathan Halter (for NCIBA, SCIBA, MPIBA, PNBA, SIBA) at
(800) 637-0037, ext. 7514, or Catherine Cusick (for NAIBA, NEIBA, GLIBA, MIBA)
at (800) 637-0037, ext. 7566.
 April 1 is the deadline for ABA members who have not attended the trade show in
the last two years to apply to win one of 60 BEA scholarships of $435 each to
help defray their hotel and travel costs. To qualify, booksellers must stay at
least one night at The Drake Hotel during the show and participate in the BEA
VIP Rewards Program (this involves visiting different exhibitors at the show to
learn about their books and products).




 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                            January 10, 2017 Tuesday

Officials Cut Leola Community Pool Fees;
Upper Leacock Reduces Family Membership Price To Attract More People

BYLINE: John Jascoll Correspondent

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 315  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


JOHN JASCOLL

LNP CORRESPONDENT

Good news for families using Leola Community Pool: Upper Leacock Township
supervisors have reduced membership rates for the 2017 season, as recommended by
the pool advisory committee.

"There's some thought that if we lower the rate, we're gonna get a lot more
people in," said Ron Simmons, chairman of the supervisors.

Upper Leacock and East Lampeter residents will continue getting discounted rates
because their townships each contribute $8,000 annually toward upkeep of the
pool.

The general family membership rate will go down from $385 to $340, and the Upper
Leacock and East Lampeter discounted family rate will drop from $290 to $250.

Individual membership rates will remain at $90 for Upper Leacock and East
Lampeter residents and $120 for everyone else.

Student/swim team member rates will remain at $70 for Upper Leacock and East
Lampeter residents and $100 for all others.

Senior member rates will remain at $50 for Upper Leacock and East Lampeter
residents and $100 for those living outside the two townships.

Daily rates will remain the same for everyone at $8 per day and $5 after 5 p.m.

Last year West Earl residents also received the discounted rate, but this will
end because their township has not made a pool contribution since 2015. Simmons
said West Earl received the discounted rate last year because a contribution was
anticipated but never came through.

Township manager Michael Morris will call West Earl supervisor vice chair Butch
Keppley and township manager Candie Johnson about contributing to the pool's
upkeep. Simmons said if West Earl makes a contribution, its residents would
receive the discounted rates effective from when it comes through.

In a related matter, the board approved Lititz Rec Center continuing to manage
the pool for the coming year.

Upper Leacock Township owns the pool and makes all decisions concerning
membership fees.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: In This File Photo, Swimmers Enjoy The Water At Leola Community Pool.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2017 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                      January 26, 2017 Thursday 00:00 EST

TKTS Adds Permanent Lincoln Center Booth

BYLINE: ANDREW R. CHOW

SECTION: THEATER

LENGTH: 167 words



HIGHLIGHT: The booth will sell discounted tickets to Broadway, Off Broadway and
Lincoln Center performances.


The TKTS booth is staying at Lincoln Center. The pop-up ticket outlet that
opened last July will now be a permanent part of the David Rubenstein Atrium.

TKTS sells discounted tickets to Broadway and Off Broadway productions, and this
booth will also sell discounted tickets to Lincoln Center performances. The
Theater Development Fund, which runs TKTS, opened the branch last year in the
hope of attracting more local ticket-buyers. (The main booth in Times Square
caters mostly to tourists, with 70 percent of its customers coming from outside
the tristate area.) The endeavor seems to have worked: According to Victoria
Bailey, executive director of the Theater Development Fund, the new booth is
selling 1,000-2,000 tickets a week, with 70 percent of customers from the city.

There are TKTS booths at the South Street Seaport and in Downtown Brooklyn, but
this will be the only branch where customers can line up indoors. The
organization sold a total of 1.4 million tickets over the last fiscal year.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Alameda briefs: Discounted Alameda County Fair tickets available

BYLINE: Alameda Journal

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; News; Local

LENGTH: 427 words


Discounted county fair

tickets to be available

Discounted Alameda County Fair tickets will be distributed at 11 a.m. Saturday
in the Alameda City Hall parking lot by former City Councilman Lil Arnerich, who
is also a director emeritus of the fair board.

The tickets provide a 50 percent discount off the standard price of $12. The
fair will open Wednesday and end July 4. Special days include military
appreciation, $1 admission and $1 rides, free senior Thursdays, $2 Tuesdays and
kids' free admission Fridays.

Library to screen

wolf documentary

The Alameda Free Library will screen the new Wolf OR-7 Expedition documentary
film on Saturday.

It will take place from 2 to 4 p.m. at the main branch, 1550 Oak St. There will
be a question-and-answer session with expedition member Jay Simpson after the
screening. The Wolf OR-7 Expedition team retraced by bicycle and on foot the
approximate 1,200-mile route taken by the GPS-collared wolf called OR-7, also
known as Journey.

OR-7 was born in Oregon and in 2011 left his pack and headed south to find new
territory. He became the first known wolf in California in 90 years, and he is
still roaming. This screening is free and open to all ages. Registration is
requested by calling the reference desk at 510-747-7713.

Games for grown-ups

at library on Sunday

The Alameda Free Library will host a board game program for adults on Sunday.

"Grown Up Gaming" will take place from 2 to 4:30 p.m. in the Regina Stafford
Community Room at the main branch, 1550 Oak St. The program will feature
"Gravwell: Escape from the 9th Dimension," a game in which players move ships
through a black hole and gravitate toward the nearest object. Players must then
get out of the black hole and dodge debris and other ships.

The library also will provide a selection of board games, and participants may
bring their own games to play. Friendly competition is encouraged, and all skill
levels of players are invited to participate. Participants must be at least 18
years old. Call 510-747-7713 for information.

Fire displaces eight

on Lincoln Avenue

Firefighters are investigating what caused a fire June 2 that displaced eight
people from an apartment building on Lincoln Avenue.

No one was injured during the fire, which was reported at 12:06 p.m. in a
four-unit building in the 700 block of the street and declared extinguished at
12:34 p.m. One apartment in the two-story building sustained fire damage, while
the other three units sustained water damage, according to the fire department.
The Red Cross is helping the eight adults who were displaced.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             June 8, 2016 Wednesday

Alameda briefs: Discounted Alameda County Fair tickets available

BYLINE: Alameda Journal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 427 words


Discounted county fair

tickets to be available

Discounted Alameda County Fair tickets will be distributed at 11 a.m. Saturday
in the Alameda City Hall parking lot by former City Councilman Lil Arnerich, who
is also a director emeritus of the fair board.

The tickets provide a 50 percent discount off the standard price of $12. The
fair will open Wednesday and end July 4. Special days include military
appreciation, $1 admission and $1 rides, free senior Thursdays, $2 Tuesdays and
kids' free admission Fridays.

Library to screen

wolf documentary

The Alameda Free Library will screen the new Wolf OR-7 Expedition documentary
film on Saturday.

It will take place from 2 to 4 p.m. at the main branch, 1550 Oak St. There will
be a question-and-answer session with expedition member Jay Simpson after the
screening. The Wolf OR-7 Expedition team retraced by bicycle and on foot the
approximate 1,200-mile route taken by the GPS-collared wolf called OR-7, also
known as Journey.

OR-7 was born in Oregon and in 2011 left his pack and headed south to find new
territory. He became the first known wolf in California in 90 years, and he is
still roaming. This screening is free and open to all ages. Registration is
requested by calling the reference desk at 510-747-7713.

Games for grown-ups

at library on Sunday

The Alameda Free Library will host a board game program for adults on Sunday.

"Grown Up Gaming" will take place from 2 to 4:30 p.m. in the Regina Stafford
Community Room at the main branch, 1550 Oak St. The program will feature
"Gravwell: Escape from the 9th Dimension," a game in which players move ships
through a black hole and gravitate toward the nearest object. Players must then
get out of the black hole and dodge debris and other ships.

The library also will provide a selection of board games, and participants may
bring their own games to play. Friendly competition is encouraged, and all skill
levels of players are invited to participate. Participants must be at least 18
years old. Call 510-747-7713 for information.

Fire displaces eight

on Lincoln Avenue

Firefighters are investigating what caused a fire June 2 that displaced eight
people from an apartment building on Lincoln Avenue.

No one was injured during the fire, which was reported at 12:06 p.m. in a
four-unit building in the 700 block of the street and declared extinguished at
12:34 p.m. One apartment in the two-story building sustained fire damage, while
the other three units sustained water damage, according to the fire department.
The Red Cross is helping the eight adults who were displaced.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Meridian Star (Mississippi)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 18, 2012 Wednesday

BRIEF: Vets offer discounted pet cancer screenings

BYLINE: The Meridian Star, Miss.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 202 words


April 18--MERIDIAN -- Three local animal hospitals are offering discounted pet
cancer screenings as part of the Bark for Life and Relay for Life fundraisers.

For a tax deductible donation of $25 or more to the American Cancer Society
through Bark for Life or Relay for Life, the clinics will perform pet cancer
screenings checking for oral cancer, abdominal cancer, abnormality of the
palpitating lymph nodes, intra-ocular tumors, polyps of tumors of the ears,
prostate tumors, and anal sac impaction or tumors.

The participating veterinarians note that the examination is a screening only,
and that certain types of cancer can only be determined by biopsy, blood work,
or imaging, which are not included in the American Cancer Society fundraiser
exam.

Participating doctors are Dr. A.G. Harrell at Meridian Animal Clinic  (601)
482-5159, Dr. Alison Moore at Meridian Animal Care (601) 693-3940, and Drs. Earl
Laird and Al Seal at Seal-Laird Veterinary Hospital (601) 482-3125. Pet owners
must call ahead to the clinic of their choice to schedule their pet's screening.

___ (c)2012 The Meridian Star (Meridian, Miss.) Visit The Meridian Star
(Meridian, Miss.) at meridianstar.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120418-ZG-BRF-Vets-offer-discounted
-pet-cancer-screenings-0418-20120418

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZG


                        Copyright 2012 The Meridian Star


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 4, 1999, Saturday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

COLORADO SKI RESORTS GIVE IN TO NEED FOR DEEP DISCOUNTS

BYLINE: Robert Weller; Associated Press

SECTION: BUSINESS, Pg. 33

LENGTH: 334 words

DATELINE: VAIL, COLO.


Vail Resorts disdained deeply discounted, wildly popular buddy passes offered by
Colorado resorts a year ago. But it isn't taking any chances this year.

After posting a 16.2 percent decline in ski traffic, which cost Vail its crown
as the nation's busiest resort, company officials are offering deals like the
buddy pass program.

The drop in business was blamed on a dearth of early season snowfall. But, Bill
Jensen, chief executive operating officer for Vail Mountain, acknowledged, "Vail
is not immune" to pressures from discounted prices.

Major resorts from Breckenridge to Winter Park have decided to offer the buddy
passes again this year, creating a competition that analysts say has no match in
the leisure industry, with the exception of airline fares.

With this year's discounted programs, a day's skiing will be as cheap as $ 10 or
less at some resorts. Berthoud Pass, a small resort about 50 miles west of
Denver, will charge less on days when there isn't any fresh snow.

Vail is offering 10-day and 20-day passes, with limited restrictions, for $ 269
and $ 499 respectively, or $ 26.90 and $ 24.95 per day.

Even Aspen, which once described itself as the Mercedes of ski resorts, is
widely advertising discounted tickets.

Outside Colorado, resorts are generally holding the line on ticket prices, with
season passes typically in the $ 1,000 mark in many premier areas.

"Every day I see something new," said Kip Pitou, executive director of Ski Utah.
Denver area resorts "seem to be eating each other up instead of going out to get
the rest of the market."

The so-called buddy passes were introduced amid much fanfare a year ago, when
Winter Park, 60 miles west of Denver, reduced season passes to about $ 200
apiece if four were purchased together.

The price equaled season lift ticket costs in the early 1970s, before the advent
of high-priced, high-speed lifts.

For the first time ever, Breckenridge last year edged out Vail, its sister
resort, in skier days.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO Photo by THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - Customers line up at Gart Sports
Castle in Denver a year ago to buy deeply discounted ski passes to Breckenridge,
Keystone and Arapahoe Basin resorts. Vail Resorts disdained the discounts last
year but now has joined the line.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                   The Original Irregular (Kingfield, Maine)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                  May 8, 2013

Kingfield POPS Early Bird Sale has begun;
Discounted tickets available at Kingfield and Farmington locations through May
19

BYLINE: The Original Irregular staff

LENGTH: 202  words


KINGFIELD -- Tickets to the 11th annual Kingfield POPS are now available at
discounted rates during the POPS' annual Early-Bird Sale.

Tickets will be on sale for the discounted price of just $18 at Tranten's Family
Shurfine locations in Kingfield and Farmington, and at Camden National Bank in
Kingfield. The sale will continue through Sunday, May 19.

This year's Kingfield POPS and Festival of the Arts is scheduled for June 29,
and will feature live music by the Bangor Symphony Orchestra, Canadian group
Sultans of String, Maine folk singer Anni Clark, youth bands Flight 317 and The
Smith Brothers, as well as the Kingfield-based Western Mountain Trash Can Band.

The annual concert will be held at the Kennedy Farm in Kingfield, and will
conclude with a spectacular fireworks display.

The Kingfield POPS is a non-profit, community-based organization working to
provide music and arts programming for regional residents, local schools, and
visitors to the Kingfield area. The POPS is inspired by the belief that a
vibrant arts environment enhances quality of life and creates opportunities for
economic development.

For more information, visit www.kingfieldpops.com or contact Vici Robinson at
vici@kingfieldpops.com

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Art and Culture

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORI

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                     Copyright 2013 The Original Irregular


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The News Courier (Athens, Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 7, 2014 Wednesday

BRIEF: Joe Wheeler State Park offering discounted rates to storm victims

BYLINE: Lora Scripps, The News Courier, Athens, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 144 words


May 07--Joe Wheeler State Park is currently offering discounted rates to
families displaced by recent storms.

"Joe Wheeler, along with many other state parks, have been impacted by severe
weather in the past and we want to do our part to help those in need right now,"
said Tim Haney, superintendent of Joe Wheeler State Park. "The people of North
Alabama are an important part of making Joe Wheeler what it is every single day
and we want to be there for them when they need a helping hand."

The state park will rent any available rooms at a discounted rate of $50 per
night and any available campsites for $20 per night for storm victims. The offer
is open until Thursday.

For more information, visit www.alapark.com/joewheeler.

___ (c)2014 The News Courier (Athens, Ala.) Visit The News Courier (Athens,
Ala.) at enewscourier.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140507-XN-BRF-Joe-Wheeler-State-Park-offering-discounted
-rates-to-storm-victims-0507-20140507

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: XN


                        Copyright 2014 The News Courier


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Toronto Star

               April 15, 1989, Saturday, SATURDAY SECOND EDITION

Double discounted fare called a 'real bargain'

BYLINE: By Marilyn Anderson Toronto Star

SECTION: STAR PROBE; Pg. E41

LENGTH: 1217 words


   * We feel we have been overcharged by our travel agent, Avion Travel, because
it took too much federal tax on our airline tickets.

We booked two air-only tickets on a Paramount Holidays return flight to St.
Petersburg, Fla., at $219 each.

To this, an additional $95.80 in taxes was added, as follows: federal departure
tax 2 x $39, $79.80; Toronto departure tax, 2 x $4, $8; United States departure
tax, 2 x $4, $8.

Enclosed is a photocopy of our total bill of $533.80, plus $60 cancellation
insurance.

We feel that we have been overcharged by $18 each on the federal departure tax,
since other travel companies quote this 10 per cent tax on the actual ticket
price.

Avion's travel agent insisted that the 10 per cent federal tax must be charged
on the full fare, which in our case was quoted at $399 each.

Please check into this and, if we are correct, let us have the name of the
federal department where we could obtain our refund.

Erna E. Endicott

Pharmacy Ave.

The Canadian government imposes a 10 per cent air transportation tax on most
tickets purchased in Canada, although some aircraft are exempt from it.

According to a publication of the Canadian Transport Commission, titled "A Guide
for the Canadian Air Traveller," the tax is charged "on the applicable fare to a
maximum of $50 per passenger for travel in Canada, the U.S. (except Hawaii) and
the Islands of St. Pierre and Miquelon."

A spokesman for Transport Canada told Star Probe that "the applicable fare"
meant the discounted fare.

Therefore, it appeared the Endicotts were correct in arguing that they should
have been charged 10 per cent of the $219 discounted fare they paid, not 10 per
cent of the $399 regular fare they said they were quoted by Avion.

After sending the case to Avion Travel in January, we received several telephone
calls from the travel agency, indicating it was contacting Paramount Holidays,
which had operated the charter flight in question.

In late March, someone from Avion called our office to simply say that Paramount
had the money in dispute and suggested we write to it.

We did that, noting that our contact at Transport Canada said the tax should be
charged on the discounted fare, not on the regular fare.

Explained position

The answer we got was that the 10 per cent tax was, in fact, charged on
Paramount's discounted fare. The discounted fare was $399, reduced from the
regular fare of $499 per person, Star Probe was told.

Paramount's manager of customer service was surprised to find the matter was
still outstanding as she said she had explained her firm's position to Avion
Travel.

"In this particular case, the advertised regular fare was $499 per person," she
said. (Our reader had indicated the advertised regular fare was $399.)

But Paramount reduced this fare "considerably for a 'last-minute sell off' and
our recommended price was $399," the Paramount spokeswoman told Star Probe.

Avion Travel, however, "chose to offer a further discount from this price and
the passengers benefitted by virtue of this particular agent's volume discount.

"The fact that taxes were based on the discounted recommended retail price is
quite usual," the spokeswoman said.

"In the case of North American charter flights, taxes are paid on the total cost
of the entire aircraft regardless of the number of seats occupied. The charterer
is then responsible for the individual collection based on those seats occupied.

"Mr. and Mrs. Endicott received a true bargain and we are somewhat surprised
that they are blaming their agent for overcharging when the reverse seems more
appropriate."

Customer accepts

reduced refund

* I had to go out and buy another Christmas gift when I did not receive the
black purse I ordered in mid-October from Ambassador, a mail-order firm in
Rexdale.

My cheque for $35.62 was cashed promptly, but I can't get any response to the
letter of inquiry I sent to Ambassador.

Can you help me get a refund?

Lori Flowers

Eastmount Ave.

According to Ambassador's records, the purse was shipped the first week of
January, Star Probe was told in mid-February by the firm's customer service
manager.

Maybe so, Flowers told us, but she still didn't have it by early March.

After we checked back with Ambassador, we were told a refund cheque was issued
to Flowers.

She recently confirmed that she had received a cheque for $32.92. Ambassador had
deducted $2.70 for shipping and handling.

It has been our practice to question such deductions from mail-order refunds in
cases where consumers have not received any goods.

If consumers are seeking refunds for goods they've returned as unsatisfactory,
for whatever reason, we would not question deductions of shipping and handling
charges.

But when the consumer is being given a refund for undelivered goods, that's
another matter.

Flowers, however, declined our offer to pursue any additional refund.

She said she wasn't going to be bothered over such a small amount.

We can't help readers who break the law

If it's against the law, Star Probe can't help.

That's the message we conveyed recently to a man who wanted our help in getting
service, and repairs, on an illegal device.

The device was a decoder, modified to allow him to unscramble U.S. and Canadian
pay-TV signals that were being picked up on his backyard satellite dish.

In other words, the rigged decoder allowed him to get free pay-TV, from both
Canadian and U.S. networks.

And that's against the law.

According to Section 287.1 of the Canadian Criminal Code: "Every one who,
without lawful excuse . . . manufactures, possesses, sells or offers for sale or
distributes any instrument or device or any component thereof . . . under any
circumstances that give rise to a reasonable inference that the device . . . was
intended to be used to obtain the use of any telecommunication facility or
service without payment . . . is guilty of an indictable offence and liable to
imprisonment for two years."

That means it is illegal in Canada to make, use, sell or distribute an
unauthorized device to decode signals broadcast by cable TV companies, whether
you are picking up the signals via cable or satellite.

As a matter of long-standing policy, Star Probe will not intervene as a
third-party mediator when a consumer's problem is in conflict with any law.

That's what we recently had to tell an eastern Ontario reader who was having
difficulty getting a local satellite systems dealer to respond to his complaint
that a "modified decoder" he bought in January, 1988, wasn't working properly.

The man later told us that he was unaware that the decoder he bought was an
illegal device.

He said "the only guilt I have is being naive and perhaps a bit gullible
concerning the information given me by the person who sold me the decoder. I
would never have written Star Probe had I known the machine was illegal."

Nevertheless, he thanked us for tipping him off, and said he was going to go
back to the dealer "in the hope that I can return the decoder. If not, I shall
seek legal help in order to clear up the matter."

We wish him luck.

get Marilyn Anderson signature logo

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1989 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                               May 2, 2011 Monday

St. Vincent offering discounted mammograms

BYLINE: Abbey Doyle, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 469 words


May 02--ANDERSON, Ind. -- Saint John's Women's Center in Anderson, St. Vincent
Mercy Hospital at Elwood and Northwest Radiology Network are offering $55
discounted mammograms.

Participants must schedule their mammograms by May 13, and the mammograms must
be conducted by June 30. To schedule a mammogram at the discounted price,
participants can call 646-8284 for Anderson or 552-4941 for the  Elwood area
before May 13 and mention the $55 promotion, or they can purchase certificates
at St. Vincent Mercy Hospital or Saint John's Health System.

Certificates can be purchased at these locations:

--Saint John's cashier's office, in the main lobby of Saint John's Medical
Center in Anderson from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Monday through Friday.

--Saint John's Ambulatory Services Center registration, 2020 Meridian St., Suite
150, from 8 a.m. to 4 p.m. Monday through Friday.

--St. Vincent Mercy Hospital's registration desk anytime in Elwood.

No insurance will be billed for patients receiving the $55 mammogram from this
special promotion. The $55 discounted fee includes one screening mammogram with
the radiologist's interpretation.

Discounted mammograms are available for women 40 or older, with no breast
disease symptoms, no current or previous breast cancer and who have not had a
mammogram within the last 12 months. Mammograms must be referred by a physician.
Follow-up exams that may be recommended as a result of this initial screening
are not eligible for the $55 discounted rate. Insurance may be billed for
follow-up exams.

Women who do not qualify for discounted mammograms are encouraged to check with
their insurance representative for their policy's coverage of screening and
diagnostic mammograms.

St. Vincent offers free screening mammography through the Komen Grant Foundation
to uninsured women in the community who qualify. The next screening will be
provided on June 13. For information or to schedule an appointment call
552-4587.

Saint John's Health System provides free screening mammograms year-round to
uninsured women who meet income guidelines through the Marie's Hope Program. In
addition to the financial guidelines, to qualify for a free screening mammogram
women must be 40 or older, with no breast disease symptoms, no current or
previous breast cancer and who have not had a mammogram within the last 12
months. For more information contact Woman to Woman Health Care at 646-8532.

Contact Abbey Doyle, 640-4805, abbey.doyle@heraldbulletin.com

To see more of The Herald Bulletin, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theheraldbulletin.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Herald Bulletin,
Anderson, Ind. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110502-HU-St-Vincent-offering-discounted-mammograms-0502-20110502

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2011 The Herald Bulletin


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 23, 2005 Tuesday

Discounted parking offered for Eagles games

LENGTH: 213 words


Discounted parking offered for Eagles games

The Philadelphia Parking Authority will make remote discount parking available
at their parking facilities closest to Broad Street during Eagles home games.

First Deputy Executive Director Vince Fenerty announced that "in an effort to
assist the City with parking during this year's home Eagles games, the PPA has
agreed for the second year, to supply remote discount parking at their parking
facilities closest to Broad Street."

The remote parking will enable Eagles fans to access SEPTA at these remote
locations and take SEPTA to the games (Park & Ride).

Motorists must produce an Eagles Game Day Ticket for the discounted rate to
apply. The discounted flat rate is $5 for the entire length of stay for that
game day. The PPA will also have SEPTA tokens available for purchase for $2.60
for a two-pack (round trip).

The remote PPA parking facilities where the game day discounts will apply are as
follows:

AutoPark, JFK Plaza Garage, 15th and Arch Streets.

AutoPark, Center City Lot, 15th and Arch Streets.

Gateway Garage, 15th and Vine Streets. (Please note this garage will be
available at its regular all-day weekend flat rate of $5 (after 5 p.m. on week
nights for Monday Night & Pre-Season Games).

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2005 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

IN TRANSIT; Weekly Travel Deals From LivingSocial

BYLINE: By MONICA DRAKE

SECTION: Section TR; Column 0; Travel Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 193 words


LivingSocial, the Web site that offers daily deals to 10 million subscribers in
more than 120 international and domestic cities, last month started a companion
travel site called LivingSocial Escapes. The site offers packages for getaways
near or within the cities where it already lists daily deals, as well as a few
more faraway locales.

The packages typically include a discounted hotel stay and a few related perks.
For example, LivingSocial Escapes' first package, a rock star weekend in
Chicago, included a discounted stay at the Hard Rock Hotel, drinks at its bar,
10 downloads from iTunes and a Gibson guitar rental. New packages are announced
every Wednesday.

The location of potential packages broadened a bit recently with the addition of
six cities to LivingSocial's growing empire. This month it added Durham/Chapel
Hill, N.C.; South Bend, Ind.; Rochester, N.Y.; Flint, Mich.; Lincoln, Neb.; and
Hartford to the list of cities where it offers daily deals. Some of the
locations -- ahem, South Bend, ahem -- may seem unlikely, but LivingSocial says
it chooses its new cities based in part on feedback from local residents and
merchants MONICA DRAKE

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The New York Times Company


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 3, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Discounted passes for 2014 Plaza Classic Film Festival on sale

BYLINE: El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT NEWS

LENGTH: 134 words


Dec. 03--Starting today, special discounted passes are on sale for the annual
Plaza Classic Film Festival.

The event returns to the historic Plaza Theatre for the seventh time Aug. 7-17.
The festival has featured more than 400 movies and special guests such as Al
Pacino, Debbie Reynolds, Rita Moreno and Eva Marie Saint.

For $175, the special pass, offers admission to the 80 movies the festival will
show. entrance to the opening night VIP event, an express lane to skip the line,
advance reservations for Philanthropy Theatre films, special events and
discounts. The discounted pass will be offered through Dec. 24.

Information: plazaclassic.com; 533-4020.

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20131203-EY-BRF-Discounted
-passes-for-2014-Plaza-Classic-Film-Festival-on-sale-1203-20131203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Alameda City Briefs: County fair's discounted tickets available Sunday

BYLINE: Alameda Journal

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 354 words


Tickets discounted for Alameda County Fair

For the 14th consecutive year, discounted tickets to the Alameda County Fair
will be available from noon to 2 p.m. Sunday at the City Hall parking lot.

The tickets will be distributed by former Vice Mayor and Alameda County Fair
Board Director Lil Arnerich. After serving 12 years on the board, Arnerich was
recently named "director emeritus."

The fair will continue through July 6. It is closed on Mondays and offers
special days for the military, seniors and children.

Wolf expedition talk set for July 29 at library

As part of its "Summer Reading for Adults" program, the Alameda Free Library
will host two members of the Wolf OR-7 Expedition to speak about their project
at 6 p.m. July 29.

The expedition follows a wolf that left his pack in September 2011 in
northeastern Oregon and made his way southwest into California, becoming the
first documented wild wolf in California since 1924. The wolf is called Wolf
OR-7 because he was the seventh radio-collared wolf in Oregon.

The animal's travels through Oregon and California have sparked conversations
about wolf/human coexistence in the region.

Using an estimated GPS tracking of OR-7, the expedition team plans to mountain
bike and hike across Oregon and Northern California and create a documentary
film.

The Alameda Free Library is following the expedition on maps. For information,
go to www.or7expedition.org . The Summer Reading for Adults program will be
looking at domestic and wild animals and how humans coexist with them. The
library is located at 1550 Oak St.

Meals on Wheels annual fundraiser to be July 20

The 18th annual Alameda Meals on Wheels Community Faire and Wine Tasting will
take place July 20 at the Rock Wall Wine Company, 2301 Monarch St.

Along with wine and hors d'oeuvres, the event will feature a silent auction and
live swing and jazz music by Three O'Clock Jump. This year's event, which will
take place from 1 to 5 p.m., will honor the memory of Janice Lee, who was a
volunteer and board member of the organization. Tickets are $20. For
information, call 519-865-6131 or go to www.alamedamealsonwheels.org .

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  The Register-Herald (Beckley, West Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 18, 2014 Friday

Hatfields and McCoys descendants get discounted TWV tickets

BYLINE: Wendy Holdren, The Register-Herald, Beckley, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 343 words


July 18--Descendants of the famous feuding families, the Hatfields and the
McCoys, will be offered discounted tickets on two special nights of Theatre West
Virginia's production of "Hatfields and McCoys."

Anyone with the last name "McCoy" will be given a discounted ticket price of $10
for tonight's performance, and anyone with the last name "Hatfield" will be
given the same deal Sunday.

General manager Scott Hill said, "If your name is McCoy or you have ever been a
McCoy, you and your guests can see the July 18 performance at the Cliffside
Amphitheatre for only $10."

The same offer applies to Hatfields and their guests Sunday night.

Hill said the idea was generated for these family nights because so many people
approach him after the shows, boasting their ancestry.

"I'll have people tell me they're a direct descendant of Devil Anse Hatfield or
Randall McCoy and they're proud of that heritage."

He said the theater wanted to take that pride and make it into a night of
celebrating the Hatfield or McCoy legacy.

Head counts will be taken each night of the Hatfields and McCoys in attendance,
and Hill said, "We'll see who supports Theatre West Virginia the most."

Special gifts for both the oldest and the youngest Hatfield and McCoy will be
presented on their respective nights.

Tonight's musical guest will be John Covey Cole and the national anthem will be
sung by Robin Hatcher. Saturday's musical guest is Say Grace and Alex Cory will
sing the national anthem. Sunday's musical guest will be Tish Westman and the
national anthem will be sung by Mary Sue Bailey.

Other special nights include "Miner's Buy One Get One Free Night" on Saturday,
where all coal miners and their families can receive buy one get one free
tickets.

Hill also said July 24 will be 25-cent root beer night.

For more information or to purchase tickets, visit www.theatrewestvirginia.com.

-- E-mail: wholdren@register-herald.com

___ (c)2014 The Register-Herald (Beckley, W.Va.) Visit The Register-Herald
(Beckley, W.Va.) at www.register-herald.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140718-WZ-Hatfields-and-McCoys-descendants-get-discounted
-TWV-tickets-0718-20140718

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WZ


                       Copyright 2014 The Register-Herald


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                              July 11, 2016 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

More hotels offer discounts to get customers to book directly

BYLINE: Nancy Trejos, @nancytrejos, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 833 words


Hotel companies are aggressively battling for online booking by offering their
most loyal customers discounted rates for reserving directly with them.

On July20, Choice Hotels International will introduce a members-only discounted
rate of up to 7% on ChoiceHotels.com and the company's mobile app. All 27million
Choice Privileges members are eligible.

Since April, Hyatt Gold Passport members have been able to get up to a 10%
discount for booking directly via the company's website, mobile apps and other
approved channels for stays in the USA, Canada and Australia.

That same month, Marriott International introduced Marriott Rewards Member Rates
discounted at least 2% on weekdays and at least 5% on weekends for loyalty
members who book directly on Marriott.com or the company's mobile app, call
centers or though select corporate travel professionals.

"We launched Member Rates to provide an exclusive benefit to those guests who
choose to have a closer relationship with our brands and hotels," says Drew
Pinto, vice president of distribution for Marriott. In addition to the online
discounts, members get free Wi-Fi and mobile check-in and check-out.

The efforts are aimed at online travel agencies (OTAs) that charge commissions
to hotels that have listings on their sites. The hotel companies would not
elaborate on the terms of their relationships with the OTAs, but said the member
rates do not mean they will stop working with companies like Expedia and
Priceline.

"OTAs play an important role in the market, and we continue to have productive
relationships with our OTA partners," says Ellen Lee, senior vice president of
digital for Hyatt. "OTAs help us introduce Hyatt brands to new customers and
those who are not likely to build a loyal brand relationship."

Melissa Maher, senior vice president of the Global Partner Group for Expedia,
says having hotel chains offer a variety of loyalty rates has made the booking
process more cumbersome for consumers.

"It's really putting the consumer in a position where they have to spend a lot
more time looking around and comparing different sites," she says.

Expedia, she says, lets consumers shop for travel vendors in one place. The
company, she says, helps hotels with technology, data, marketing, and customer
acquisition. In 2015, Expedia sites -- which include Travelocity, Orbitz
Worldwide, Hotels.com, and a few others -- drew more than 450million monthly
visits in more than 75 countries. It has a supply of more than 269,000 hotels.

Maher also says that because the hotel companies are not letting Expedia offer
their best rates, their listings are no longer as visible. The listings are
compiled through an algorithm that measures offer strength and quality score.

"Hotels that are giving us the same rate get more visibility on our site," she
says. "We're not penalizing hotels with loyalty rates. We're just making sure
our consumers are seeing the hotels that have the highest quality score on our
site."

At the same time, Maher says, Expedia is in discussions with the hotel companies
to be able to offer customers the member rates as well as perks such as free
Wi-Fi. Expedia has also lowered the commissions hotels have to pay.

Still, the hotel giants have waged marketing campaigns to convince travelers
that they'll get a better deal by booking directly with them.

In February, Hilton started a "Stop Clicking Around" marketing campaign, the
largest launched in the company's 97-year history.

The company is offering up to 10% discounts to Hilton HHonors members who book
directly through their channels. Other perks are earned points, free Wi-Fi, and
the ability to check-in, choose your room from a digital floor plan, and use a
digital key via the HHonors mobile app.

Last year, 57billion HHonors Points went unearned because guests booked their
stay through a third party, said Mark Weinstein, global head of customer
engagement, loyalty and partnerships at Hilton.

"There is a huge misconception that third parties always offer lower prices for
our hotel rooms, which is simply not true," he said.

Flavie Lemarchand-Wood, vice president of communications for Priceline.com,
takes issue with that, noting that Priceline "offers promotional savings that
are often greater than on individual brand sites."

Booking.com, meanwhile, says it has its own loyalty program that benefits
customers. Select loyal customers who have booked with them five times can earn
an additional 10% off some room rates at certain properties. They also get perks
such as late check-out, early check-in, free welcome cocktails, airport shuttles
and more.

Since launching its discounts, Hilton has seen a significant increase in direct
bookings. Also, the company has seen a surge in HHonors member enrollment,
levels of web activity and mobile app downloads. Of the guests who have booked
the HHonors discount since its launch, nearly a quarter were new to the program
and signed up after seeing the campaign. The company has more than 54million
HHonors members.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Andrea Rugg, Choice Hotels

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Texas: Patentees Prevail as Federal Circuit Upholds Limits to Patent Exhaustion

LENGTH: 1338 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Austin: JD Supra Business Advisor, The State of Texas has issued the following
news release:



    On Friday, February 12, 2016, the U.S. Court of Appeals for the Federal
Circuit upheld limits to its patent exhaustion or "first sale" doctrine despite
recent Supreme Court cases questioning the same. In an 129-page opinion authored
for the majority by Judge Taranto, the 10-2 court relied on the language of the
Patent Act, as well as Federal Circuit case law, to confirm that (1) a patentee
that sells a patented article with resale/reuse restrictions does not forfeit
its rights to charge the buyer that engages in restricted acts with
infringement, and (2) a patentee that approves foreign sales--even without a
reservation of rights--does not exhaust its U.S. patent rights. The Federal
Circuit sua sponte took the case en banc in light of recent Supreme Court
decisions finding that the first sale doctrine had exhausted IP protection.1



 Background



 Lexmark International, Inc.

(Lexmark) is a manufacturer of printers and toner cartridges. Lexmark owns
patents covering cartridges and the use of those cartridges, and makes "first
sales" of those cartridges domestically and abroad to resellers and end users.
Lexmark sells two types of cartridges: full-price "Regular Cartridges" and
discounted "Return Program Cartridges." Regular Cartridges are not subject to
resale/reuse restrictions--they can be refilled when empty and resold.
Discounted "Return Program Cartridges" are subject to no-resale/single-use
restrictions--they include a microchip that monitors toner levels and prevents
refills. Third parties hack the microchip technology that restricts refills of
the discounted Return Program Cartridges and sell them to resellers--including
Impression Products, Inc. (Impression)--for use in Lexmark printers.



 Lexmark sued Impression in the U.S. District Court for the Southern District of
Ohio for direct and contributory infringement under 35 U.S.C. ] 271, alleging
that Impression acquired hacked cartridges and sold/imported the cartridges into
the United States. Impression contested infringement liability on the ground
that Lexmark had exhausted its U.S. patent rights in the cartridges by its
initial sales. Impression filed a motion to dismiss Lexmark's claim of
infringement involving the Return Program Cartridges that Lexmark had first sold
within the United States. Although the Return Program Cartridges were sold under
post-sale restrictions, the district court held that "those post-sale use
restrictions do not prevent patent rights from being exhausted given that the
initial sales were authorized and unrestricted." On this point, the district
court concluded that the Supreme Court's 2008 decision in Quanta Computer, Inc.
v. LG Electronics2 "overruled" the Federal Circuit's 1992 decision in
Mallinckrodt, Inc. v. Medipart, Inc. "sub silentio."3 Accordingly, the district
court dismissed Lexmark's infringement claims regarding the Return Program
Cartridges sold in the United States. However, the district court held that
patent exhaustion did not apply to the cartridges first sold abroad, and found
Impression to have infringed where hacked and refilled Return Program Cartridges
were initially sold abroad. Impression appealed, and Lexmark cross-appealed to
the Federal Circuit.



 The Federal Circuit's Decision



 In an opinion that details the historical and policy implications of the sale
and licensing of patented articles, the Federal Circuit described how sales
might confer authority on the purchaser to take certain actions that would
otherwise be infringing. The court distinguished patent law from copyright
law--and relevant Supreme Court precedent--by noting that patent infringement is
limited to "whoever without authority makes, uses, offers to sell, or sells any
patented invention . . . infringes the patent."4 The Federal Circuit cites
congressional supremacy and explains that Congress has never prescribed an
exhaustion rule in patent law. The court concluded that the patentee preserves
its rights to sue for infringement when "[a] sale made under a clearly
communicated, otherwise-lawful restriction as to post-sale use or resale does
not confer on the buyer and a subsequent purchaser the 'authority' to engage in
the use or resale that the restriction precludes." In short, the court upheld
Mallinckrodt and concluded that a "first sale" does not exhaust patent rights
when the patentee has restricted the buyer's post-sale use. Accordingly, the
clearly communicated refill restrictions that Lexmark placed on purchases of the
Return Program Cartridges saved Lexmark from exhausting its patent rights
through those sales.



 Addressing the second question presented, i.e., whether Lexmark's foreign sales
of its cartridges conferred authority to commit infringing acts on its buyers
(and derivatively to Impression), the court determined that U.S. rights are not
waived, "either conclusively or presumptively, simply by virtue of a foreign
sale." The court analyzed, and ultimately upheld, its decision in Jazz Photo
Corp. v. International Trade Comm'n,5 which held that patent exhaustion does not
occur based solely on a foreign first sale. Moreover, the Federal Circuit
distinguished Lexmark from the Supreme Court's Kirstaeng decision, which "says
nothing about patent law; and does not address, even in the context of copyright
law, the exhaustion question presented by the Patent Act." The Federal Circuit
states plainly that "copyrights are different" and notes that the most serious
real-world problems described in Kirtsaeng are unlikely to carry over to the
patent arena. In addition, the Federal Circuit noted that applying a presumption
of international exhaustion "would place a U.S. patentee's preservation of U.S.
rights within foreign sovereign control." Accordingly, the Federal Circuit
resisted applying a presumptive-exhaustion rule to foreign sales and affirmed
the district court's finding that Impression had infringed Lexmark's patents
despite the foreign sale.



 The dissent, authored by Judge Dyk and joined by Judge Hughes, argues that
post-sale restrictions are enforceable as a matter of state contract law and
that the Federal Circuit "exceed[ed] our role as a subordinate court by
declining to follow the explicit domestic exhaustion rule announced by the
Supreme Court." The dissent also argues that presumptive-exhaustion should
control international sales when the "authorized seller has not explicitly
reserved the United States patent rights."



 Practical Effects



 The tension between recent Supreme Court case law and the Federal Circuit's
opinion will likely spur Impression to seek certiorari. The Supreme Court may
review Lexmark. In the meantime, patent owners seeking to avoid exhaustion of
their U.S. patent rights through sales should consider imposing clearly
communicated post-sale restrictions on purchasers, both in their own product
sales and, in licensing arrangements, by requiring licensees to likewise
communicate restrictions on purchasers. Buyers should consider negotiating
licenses from sellers that clearly set forth the right to use, resell, or import
to avoid unintended infringement disputes.



 The presentation and content of post-sale restrictions also needs to be
carefully considered. In Lexmark, the adequacy of Lexmark's notice of its
single-use/no-resale restrictions was unchallenged. This leaves open the
questions that would otherwise have arisen if the purchasers at issue had less
than actual knowledge of Lexmark's restrictions. As to the content of a
post-sale restriction, though also not at issue in Lexmark, the Federal Circuit
specifically noted that a particular restriction may give rise to a
patent-misuse defense, constitute an antitrust violation, or exceed the scope of
the Patent Act's express grant of exclusive rights over patented articles.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Straits Times (Singapore)

                            November 20, 2016 Sunday

Concierge Travel news and deals: British Airways deals

BYLINE: Lydia Vasko

SECTION: LIFE

LENGTH: 655 words


BRITISH AIRWAYS DEALS

British Airways is offering Singaporean travellers year-end deals with return
fares that start at $1,218 to London, $1,538 to New York, $1,988 to Rio de
Janeiro, $1,988 to Toronto and $668 to Sydney.

The deals are valid for travel from now till March 30 next year.

The discounted fares include a complimentary stopover at one of 24 cities in the
United Kingdom, one of 41 destinations in Europe or one of 25 destinations in
the United States.

In addition, customers who present their British Airways boarding pass can score
discounts at some of the UK's stores and best-known brands, such as 15 per cent
off Bentley & Skinner jewellery and 10 per cent off at Daks heritage tailoring
and Floris perfumers.

Discounted fares are available from now until Wednesday, subject to
availability. For more information, go to www.ba.com.

FIJI FLIGHT DEALS

For the holiday season, Fiji Airways is offering its lowest fares to the
tropical paradise. Return fares start at $599 for economy class and $1,888 for
business class.

The airline offers direct flights from Singapore to Fiji - which has 333 islands
- twice a week.

The discounted fares - the sale ends on Nov 30 - are eligible for travel from
now until June 30 next year.

For more information, go to www.fijiairways.com or contact your travel agent.

NEW BUDGET PACKAGES

Trafalgar's CostSaver brand of tours, which caters to travellers looking for
budget-friendly itineraries with more free time and a local guide, has launched
14 new itineraries to the United States, Canada and Mexico.

The itineraries start at US$96 (S$137) a day and include destinations such as
the Canadian Rockies, New York City, Mexico's Copper Canyon and a cross-country
tour of the US.

These trips complement 37 CostSaver itineraries for Europe, including new ones
such as the nine-day Highlights Of Sicily, a nine-day Grecian Magic tour to
sites such as the Acropolis, the Temple of Apollo and the castles and
monasteries of Corfu; and an 11-day Highlights Of Poland that includes a
sightseeing tour of Warsaw and the mediaeval city of Krakow.

From now until Dec 30, enjoy up to 25 per cent off the second guest for trips to
Europe, the US and Canada. Families can enjoy an additional 10 per cent off for
travellers aged five to 17. Those who have travelled with Trafalgar before are
eligible for an additional 5 per cent discount.

To book, contact your travel agent, go to costsaver.trafalgar.com or call
Trafalgar's Travel Experts on 6922-5950.

OUTRIGGER HOTELS CONTEST OFFERS FREE STAYS

For a limited time, Honolulu-based hotel chain and management company Outrigger
Hotels and Resorts is holding its Travel The World sweepstakes, in which one
winner will get to experience all of its nine Outrigger Resorts in destinations
such as Hawaii, Fiji, Mauritius, Guam, Thailand and the Maldives. Airfares are
included.

Another 25 second-prize winners will receive a complimentary four- night stay at
an Outrigger Resorts property of their choice.

To enter the sweepstakes, travellers must join the hotel's new loyalty
programme, Discovery, at outrigger.com/traveltheworld by Nov 30.

The programme rewards loyal guests with curated and authentic local experiences
such as learning Thai massage techniques at Outrigger Koh Samui Beach Resort, a
private ukulele lesson at Outrigger Waikiki Beach Resort and diving and
shark-feeding at Outrigger Guam Beach Resort.

In a separate promotion, Outrigger Laguna Phuket Beach Resort in Bangtao Bay is
celebrating its win for Best Luxury Family Hotel - South-east Asia at the World
Luxury Hotel Awards 2016 in Doha last month with a dining offer for children.

The 255-room beachfront resort is offering free meals at its Locavore, Metzo's
and Edgewater restaurants for children aged 12 and younger when they dine with
their parents.

To qualify, the booking must be made via Outrigger.com.

The offer is available for trips up to Oct 31 next year.

Lydia Vasko

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fly to London on British Airways, with fares that start at $1,218, and
visit St Paul's Cathedral.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Singapore Press Holdings Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 31, 2011 Saturday
                                 METRO EDITION

Crunch time for frequent fliers seeking their miles

BYLINE: WENDY LEE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 785 words



HIGHLIGHT: To reach Delta's Medallion status, travel junkies will fly or pay
cash to get what they need.


Some could argue that John Hanson went way too far this year to earn his
frequent flier miles.

In November, the Cottage Grove resident thought he would fall short of
qualifying for Delta Air Lines' Diamond Medallion status. So he set out on a
journey that zigzagged the nation, making eight grueling stops in four days.

"This is what you got to do for the status if you travel all the time," said
Hanson, 47, a lead system expert at Honeywell Building Solutions. "It's kind of
nice when you got the bigger seats."

The end of the year is crunch time for frequent fliers like Hanson, who are
willing to go to all sorts of far, weird and inconvenient places just to meet
requirements for Delta's elite Medallion program. Many of these loyal fliers
rushed to online forums like flyertalk.com, where they discussed strategies for
racking up enough miles and bragged about their journeys. Others bought the
extra miles to ensure their status.

About 1 million customers are enrolled in Delta's Medallion program, which has
four tiers -- Diamond, Platinum, Gold and Silver -- and a 25,000-mile minimum.
Some of the perks include priority boarding and seating, waived baggage fees and
access to a faster security line.

"People are just hooked. It's not the miles they want to add on," said travel
expert Terry Trippler. "They want to attain that elite status."

In the end, Hanson would have had enough miles to be Diamond Medallion based on
his credit card purchases, but he didn't want to leave it to chance.

"I did it more for insurance to hit Diamond," said Hanson, who spent $450 on the
flights and got 7,500 miles.

On Nov. 20, he left from the Minneapolis-St. Paul International Airport, made a
connection in Detroit, then landed in Orlando, where he spent the night and
golfed for a few hours with a friend the next day. That same day, he flew to
Atlanta, then to Las Vegas, where he slept on the airport floor overnight
because he was too tired to gamble. A few hours later, he headed to Atlanta,
then on to Orlando. The next day, he returned to the Twin Cities, making a
connection through Detroit.

Fred Haberman, another voracious flier from the Twin Cities, decided to move up
a business trip to California from 2012 to December because he was 2,000 miles
short of being Platinum Medallion.

"It's important for my lifestyle to have that Medallion status," said Haberman,
45. "It's not about need. It's about a lifestyle enhancement for someone who
travels a lot."

Trippler, who runs a travel website, theplanerules.com, called the frequent
flier programs "marketing genius," because they let airlines build loyalty with
customers, track their flying habits and create excitement for the brand.

The fervor behind frequent flier programs was the story line for the 2009 movie
"Up in the Air," which featured corporate downsizer Ryan Bingham (George
Clooney), who racked up miles while flying around the country laying people off.

But booking trips just to get the miles is becoming less common because airlines
often allow customers to purchase miles, said Randy Petersen, editor of
InsideFlyer magazine. For instance, Delta offered a sale this month that let
customers purchase up to 10,000 miles in increments of 2,500 miles, starting at
$295.

"You can't buy Medallion status, but this will allow customers who are close to
get over the threshold," Delta spokesman Paul Skrbec said.

The offer is a double bonus for Delta because it is able to sell the miles as
well as the seats to other passengers.

But Twin Cities retail branding executive Tim Pearson said such moves only
diminish Delta's Medallion program. He noted that it's already tough to get free
upgrades in certain cities, and now he'll be competing with others who want to
buy their way into carrier's elite program.

"They are making it too easy," Pearson said. "For us who have been earning it
every single year, it's a punch in the stomach."

Already, Delta has discounted entry into its elite Sky Clubs, offering coupons
on Groupon earlier this month for half off.

Wendy Lee - 612-673-1712

DELTA'S MEDALLION PROGRAM

All Medallion members get free upgrades to first class if available, but
Diamonds are given the highest priority. Members get priority boarding and at
least one free checked bag, depending on their level.

DIAMOND

125,000 miles

-Free Sky Club entry.

-Free economy seats with more legroom.

-Priority security line.

PLATINUM

75,000 miles

-Free economy seats with more legroom.

-Discounted Sky Club membership.

-Priority security line.

Source: Delta Air Lines

GOLD

50,000 miles

-Discounted economy seats with more legroom.

-Discounted Sky Club membership.

-Priority security line.

SILVER

25,000 miles

-Discounted economy seats with extra legroom.

-Discounted Sky Club membership.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Elkhart Truth (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           November 10, 2015 Tuesday

Veterans Day 2015: Free and discounted meals, hair cuts, entertainment and more
for Elkhart County-area military personnel

BYLINE: Ann Elise Taylor, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 604 words


Nov. 10--In honor of the military men and women who've served our country,
businesses around Elkhart County are offering free or discounted services, meals
and more on Veterans Day 2015.

A list of deals around the area for veterans and active-duty military members
are listed below. Know of one we've left out? Email information about it to
ataylor@elkharttruth.com

FREE SHOWING OF "FLAGS OF OUR FATHERS"

When and where: 2 p.m. Wednesday at The Lerner Theatre, 410 S. Main St. in
Elkhart

Details: The Lerner Theatre and the city of Elkhart are teaming up for a free
showing of the Oscar-winning movie "Flags of Our Fathers." The Lerner's doors
will open one hour before the movie starts. For more information, call the
Lerner at 574-293-4469.

FREE MUSEUM ADMISSION

When and where: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday at The History Museum, 808 W.
Washington St. in South Bend, and The Studebaker National Museum, 201 Chapin St.
in South Bend

Details: The two museums will offer free admission to veterans, those currently
serving in the military and their families.

FREE DRIVE AND SHINE CAR WASH

When and where: 7:30 a.m to 7 p.m. Wednesday at 2714 Cassopolis St. in Elkhart;
7:30 a.m. to 8 p.m. Wednesday 4340 Ironwood Drive in South Bend; and 7:30 a.m.
to 8 p.m. Wednesday at 5406 N. Main St. in Mishawaka

Details: Veterans and active military members can get a free Diamond Car Wash,
valued at $18, at all Drive and Shine locations.

FREE HAIR CUT AT GREAT CLIPS

When and where: Wednesday at Great Clips locations

Details: Great Clips will be offering veterans and active-duty military members
a free haircut Wednesday. On top of that, customers who pay for haircuts on
Wednesday will receive a card for a free haircut to give to a veteran. The cards
can be used any time before Dec. 31 and will be available while supplies last. A
military ID is required to take advantage of the offer. More details are
available on Great Clips' website.

DISCOUNT AT GOODWILL

When and where: Wednesday at Goodwill stores

Details: Goodwill plans to offer veterans 50 percent off their purchases at
Goodwill retail stores in honor of Veterans Day.

DISCOUNT AT LOWE'S HOME IMPROVEMENT

When and where: Wednesday at Lowe's

Details: Veterans will receive a 10 percent discount on in-store purchases. A
valid military ID or proof of service is required. More details are available on
Lowe's website.

DISCOUNT AT DOLLAR GENERAL

When and where: Wednesday at all Dollar General locations

Details: Veterans, active-duty military, National Guard members and Army Reserve
members, as well as their families, will get an 11 percent discount on
qualifying purchases. Military ID is required to take advantage of the discount.
More details are available on Dollar General's website.

DISCOUNT ON AUTOMOTIVE SERVICES

When and where: Available until Sunday at Firestone Complete Auto Care

Details: Veterans and active-duty military personnel can get an additional 10
percent off the lowest advertised price for any automotive service. Proof of
military service is required to take advantage of the officer. More details are
available on military.com.

DISCOUNT AT JC PENNEY

When and where: Available from until Wednesday at JC Penney

Details: Military veterans and active-duty members will receive an extra 5
percent off in-store purchases. A valid military ID of VA ID is required. More
information is available on JC Penney's website.

Do you know of a discount or freebie we've overlooked? Send information about it
to ataylor@elkharttruth.com

___ (c)2015 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151110-1ET-Veterans-Day-2015-Free-and-discounted
-meals-hair-cuts-entertainment-and-more-for-Elkhart-County-area-military-personn
el-1110-20151110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                        Copyright 2015 The Elkhart Truth


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Sun Herald (Sydney, Australia)

                            October 26, 2003 Sunday
                                  Late Edition

DEALS

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 715 words


DEAL OF THE WEEK: United Airlines has cut another $700 off discounted ski
package air fares to Colorado and Wyoming ski resorts, including Aspen, Vail,
Steamboat and Jackson Hole. Valid for departures from November 4 to December 5
and January 16 to February 29 but tickets must be paid for by tomorrow . Phone
Travelplan on 1300 130 754 .

SOMETHING FOR NOW

K-AIR has discounted three scenic flights during the World Cup Bush & Vineyards,
Mountains & Vineyards and Harbour Thriller. To get the discounted price, show
K-Air a valid Rugby World Cup ticket or ticket stub. The emphasis is on teams,
so the more passengers, the bigger the discount. For example, four people
booking a 45-minute Harbour Thriller flight pay $155 each (normally $165) and so
on. See www.k-air.com.au .

THREE S8 apartment resorts on the Sunshine Coast are offering a "stay for four
nights, pay for three" deal from now until Christmas Day. They are the 4
1/2-star South Pacific Resort, Noosa and the five-star Sirocco Resort and
Zanzibar Resort on The Esplanade overlooking Mooloolaba Bay. Prices start from
$414 for a one-bedroom apartment at the South Pacific. For details phone 1300
553 800 or visit www.s8resorts.com.au .

DARGAN Springs Retreat in the Blue Mountains has bed and breakfast options as
well as health packages. There's an outdoor hot spring-water spa and activities
include natural therapies, massages, guided bushwalks, meditation, biking and
rockclimbing instruction. Lunches (packed or at the retreat) and three-course
dinners are available. Rates from $240 a double per night. Phone 6355 2939 or
see www.dargansprings.com.au .

SOMETHING FOR LATER

TERRITORY Discoveries packages on the Ghan between Alice Springs and Darwin
include a Katherine Gorge cruise. The south-bound 12-day Territory Extravaganza,
for example, also includes the Top End and Red Centre, accommodation, some meals
and transfers from $3279 per person twin. The itinerary starts in Darwin and
concludes in Alice Springs after touring Ayers Rock. See
www.territorydiscoveries.com .

FLIGHT Centre has jumped in early with deals for next year's Melbourne Grand
Prix from March 4 to 7. Four-day packages with Qantas include return air travel,
four nights at Rydges Hotel in the CBD and a four-day general admission ticket
from $1099 per person twin from Sydney and Adelaide and $1235 from Brisbane.
Without the air fares, the packages cost $755. For more details phone 131 600 .

EARTHWATCH'S Waterbirds of the Coorong project in South Australia has whole
families aiding scientists in the field. The projects run January 8-13 and
18-23. Accommodation, at Gemini Downs Campground near Salt Creek, is for
camping, shared bunkhouse, or private cabins or units. Cost (which supports the
research) is $135 a day adults and $90 children 6 to 12 years. Phone (03) 9682
6828 or see www.earthwatch.org/australia .

WWW.DEAL

AIR Paradise has slashed prices to Bali for departures until November 30 to $709
for four nights including all taxes, or, better yet, pay $769 for 10 nights
ex-Sydney. See www.bestflights.com.au for details or phone 1300 767 757 to book.

DOMESTIC AIR FARES

 One-way Sydney to:  Melbourne Canberra Brisbane Adelaide

 Qantas  Full economy  328   212  337  423

   Lowest general  109  83 110 146

   Lowest gen return 222  165 224 291

   Lowest internet 98  72 99 129

 Virgin Blue Full economy 199  155 195 249

   Lowest general 99  76 99 125

   Lowest gen return 198  152 198 250

   *Lowest internet 69  49 69 99

 Conditions apply on all air fares.
 For daily updates on fares, see www.qantas.com.au (phone 131 313) or
www.virginblue.com.au (phone bookings on 136 789  add $10).

 Prices correct at time of going to print.
 Fares include all taxes.
 *Midweek sale fares, non-peak.



 INTERNATIONAL FARES

 LA (companion bus) To Dec 31 Japan Airlines $5150

 San Fran (comp bus) To Dec 31 Japan Airlines 5150

 New York (comp bus) To Dec 31 Japan Airlines 5290

 Paris (comp bus)  To Mar 31 Japan Airlines 5100

 London (comp bus)  To Mar 31 Japan Airlines 5100

 Rome (comp bus)  To Mar 31 Japan Airlines 5100

 Athens (business)  To Mar 31 Thai Airways 5125

 Dubai (senior bus)  To Dec 1  Emirates  4520

 Cairo (senior bus)  To Dec 1  Emirates  5210

 Istanbul (senior bus) To Dec 1  Emirates  5265

 Details from United World Travel, phone 9556 2665 .Taxes included.


LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: TWO TABLES: DOMESTIC AIR FARES; INTERNATIONAL FARES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2003 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of Zynga Inc. titled as "CUSTOMIZING OFFERS
FOR SALES OF COMBINATIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS"

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140329585, published on November 06, 2014, by Zynga Inc., titled as
"CUSTOMIZING OFFERS FOR SALES OF COMBINATIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:   Santini; Fabio; (Mountain View, CA) ; Lai; Peter Pao; (South San
Francisco, CA)
Assignee: Zynga Inc.

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of customizing offers for sales of combinations of virtual items at
discounted prices is disclosed. A combination of virtual items of a
computer-implemented game is selected such that the sum of the values of each of
the combination of virtual items has a proportion to an amount of currency in an
account of a user of the computer-implemented game, the selecting being
performed by a processor. An offer for a sale of the combination of the virtual
items at a discounted price is generated for the user of the
computer-implemented game. The offer for the sale of the combination of virtual
items at the discounted price is presented to the user."

The Patent was filed on July 16, 2014 under application No. 20140329585

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 7, 2014 Friday

USPTO Published Patent application of Zynga Inc. titled as "CUSTOMIZING OFFERS
FOR SALES OF COMBINATIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS"

LENGTH: 211  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140329585, published on November 06, 2014, by Zynga Inc., titled as
"CUSTOMIZING OFFERS FOR SALES OF COMBINATIONS OF VIRTUAL ITEMS" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:   Santini; Fabio; (Mountain View, CA) ; Lai; Peter Pao; (South San
Francisco, CA)
Assignee: Zynga Inc.

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
method of customizing offers for sales of combinations of virtual items at
discounted prices is disclosed. A combination of virtual items of a
computer-implemented game is selected such that the sum of the values of each of
the combination of virtual items has a proportion to an amount of currency in an
account of a user of the computer-implemented game, the selecting being
performed by a processor. An offer for a sale of the combination of the virtual
items at a discounted price is generated for the user of the
computer-implemented game. The offer for the sale of the combination of virtual
items at the discounted price is presented to the user."

The Patent was filed on July 16, 2014 under application No. 20140329585

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 31, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Treasury Securities Prices Retreat After Early Gains

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D;  Page 16;  Column 1;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 696 words


Prices of Treasury securities slumped yesterday, after a brief bounce from early
gains in the dollar.

The dollar surged after the German central bank lowered interest rates and four
other European central banks followed suit. A stronger dollar makes securities
denominated in it more attractive to foreign investors.

But the rise in the dollar failed to support Treasury prices. Part of the
reason, traders and analysts said, was the concern that lower European interest
rates could stimulate global economic growth and accelerate inflation as a
result.

"With foreign central banks stimulating their economies, the potential for
export growth in the U.S. is keeping the economy moving ahead at a
faster-than-sustainable level," said James Hale, a fixed-income analyst with MMS
International in San Francisco.

The price of the 30-year Treasury bond fell 14/32 , to 10218/32 . Its yield,
which moves in the opposite direction from its price, rose to 7.41 percent, from
7.37 percent on Wednesday. Rates on short-term bills were also higher, up an
average of about 4 basis points. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage
point.

Underscoring investor concern yesterday about economic growth, were two
employment reports. The Conference Board said its February index of help-wanted
advertising rose to 134 from 129 in January, suggesting there is still demand
for workers. And the Government's weekly report on initial jobless claims for
the week ended last Saturday fell by 10,000, to 338,000, which was in line with
expectations. But it also showed labor strength could accelerate inflation.

Rising prices of precious metals, often viewed as a proxy for inflation
expectations, played another factor in undermining the market, Mr. Hale of MMS
International said.

Also weighing on the market yesterday, some analysts said, were
end-of-the-quarter pressures brought on by managers selling securities to take
profits and dress up their portfolios. Traders noted some profit taking in early
trading on the bounce in prices on a strong dollar.

The Treasury, meanwhile, sold $42.25 million of short-term debt, with $25
billion of 17-day cash management bills and $17.25 billion of new one-year
bills. It brought the total amount of debt sold this week to $69.75 billion,
when the regular weekly bill auctions and sales this week of two- and five-year
notes are included. Traders said it was a sizable amount of debt for the market
to absorb during a week of so much uncertainty and could have also put pressure
on prices.

At auction, the new one-year bill was priced at an average rate of 6.02 percent,
down from 6.06 percent last month.

The weekly jobless claims data did not draw much notice even as they confirmed
the trend of strength in employment.

In the corporate bond market, the Tennessee Valley Authority increased the size
of its planned sale of equity-like debt to $600 million from $500 million amid
good investor interest.

The securities, which mature in 50 years, are callable in five. The pricing is
expected to take place today through underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs &
Company.

Following are the results of yesterday's Treasury auctions of a new one-year
bill and 17-day cash management bills:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 93.913
Discounted Rate . . . 6.02%
Coupon Yield . . . 6.41%
High Price . . . 93.933
Discounted Rate . . . 6.00%
Coupon Yield . . . 6.39%
Low Price . . . 93.903
Discounted Rate . . . 6.03%
Coupon Yield . . . 6.43%
Accepted at low price . . . 63%
Total applied for . . . $42,737,941
Accepted . . . $17,266,417
Noncompetitive . . . $1,184,396

The one-year bills mature on April 4, 1996.


(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 99.718
Discounted Rate . . . 5.97%
Coupon Yield . . . 6.09%
High Price . . . 99.719
Discounted Rate . . . 5.95%
Coupon Yield . . . 6.07%
Low Price . . . 99.718
Discounted Rate . . . 5.97%
Coupon Yield . . . 6.09%
Accepted at low price . . . 59%
Total applied for . . . $100,412,000
Accepted . . . $25,108,900

The cash management bills mature on April 20, 1995.

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "1-Year Treasury Bills" shows average discounted rate in percent
from Dec. '93-March '95. (Source: Treasury Department)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Robesonian (Lumberton North Carolina)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 21, 2015 Thursday

BRIEF: St. Pauls police hold clinic for discounted rabies shots

BYLINE: The Robesonian, Lumberton, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 179 words


May 21--ST. PAULS -- There will be discounted rabies shots available for pets on
Saturday in St. Pauls.

The St. Pauls Police Department, which is located at 210 W. Blue St., is
sponsoring the clinic in its parking lot from 9 to 11 a.m. The discounted shots
are $8.

Dr. Curt Locklear with Southeastern Veterinary Hospital will give the shots.

North Carolina law requires that every dog and cat over 4 months of age must be
vaccinated against rabies.

The most recent reported case of rabies in Robeson County occurred in Pembroke
on March 29. After spending a few days away from home, a man and his daughter
were attacked by their Chow-mix on Eddie Road. The father shot and killed the
the animal, which later tested positive for the virus.

The N. C. Division of Public Health has a website about rabies. Visit
www.epi.state.nc.us and click on "Veterinary Public Health."

For information, about the St. Pauls clinic, call 910-865-5155.

___ (c)2015 The Robesonian (Lumberton, N.C.) Visit The Robesonian (Lumberton,
N.C.) at www.robesonian.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150521-QK-BRF-St-Pauls-police-hold-clinic-for-discounted
-rabies-shots-0521-20150521

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QK


                         Copyright 2015 The Robesonian


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 15, 2016 Friday

Washington: Discounted tickets for Wild Waves and Enchanted Village in Federal
Way

LENGTH: 204  words

DATELINE: New York



 Seattle: City of Seattle, The State of Washington has issued the following news
release:



   Seattle Parks and Recreation's Teen Programs are selling deeply discounted
tickets for Wild Waves and Enchanted Village in Federal Way. Discounted tickets
purchased through Seattle Parks and Recreation cost $24 for entry to both parks.
This is a savings of $19.78 off the gate price.





 Tickets are on sale now through Sept. 3, 2016. Tickets are good for any Wild
Waves and Enchanted Village operating day until Sept. 5, 2016.



 Tickets are on sale at the following Community Centers:



 o Bitter Lake Community Center, 13035 Linden Ave. N, 206-684-7524

 o Green Lake Community Center, 7201 E Green Lake Dr. N, 206-684-0780

 o High Point Community Center, 6920 34th Ave. SW., 206-684-7422

 o International District/Chinatown Community Center, 719 8th Ave. S,
206-233-0042

 o Jefferson Community Center, 3801 Beacon Ave. S, 206-684-7481

 o Magnolia Community Center, 2250 34th Ave. W, 206-386-4235

 o Rainier Beach Community Center, 8825 Rainier Ave. S, 206-386-1925

 o Yesler Community Center, 917 E. Yesler Way, 206-386-1245



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:  editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday
                                  City Edition

Partnership to provide discounted medicine

BYLINE: SUSAN SIMPSON, Staff Writer <br> ssimpson@opubco.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 158 words

DATELINE: MCALESTER


MCALESTER - Caring Hands Health Clinics in McAlester have partnered with health
care firm SUNRx to make it easier for patients to access discounted prescription
medications.

Pennsylvania-based SUNRx will manage a federal 340B program, which provides
discounted medications to people with health insurance or inadequate insurance.
Prescriptions can be filled at Drug Warehouse in McAlester.

"It's a very important service to our community," said Christi Walker,
development director with Caring Hands.

Caring Hands has about 9,000 patients in rural Pittsburg County and surrounding
areas. About half of all residents in the area are uninsured, Walker said.

She said the clinics have seen more patients in recent years. Some have lost
jobs or insurance coverage.

Caring Hands has three clinics in McAlester and one in Hartshorne.

SUNRx also contracts with East Central Oklahoma Family Health Services in
Wetumka, said regional director Matthew Bobo.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             July 11, 2009 Saturday

MORNING BRIEFS

SECTION: Pg. C-10

LENGTH: 549 words


JACKSONVILLE NO. 1 FOR DISCOUNTED HOMES

For the second consecutive month, Duval County is No. 1 in the nation for the
most homes listed for sale at discounted prices, according to real estate
information site Trulia.com.

As of July 1, about 39 percent of homes listed for sale within Jacksonville were
listed for less than when they entered the market. The statistic does not
include Clay, St. Johns or Nassau counties. Jacksonville's average price
reduction was 12 percent, and total reductions in June amounted to $119,520,476,
according to Trulia.

The rest of the top 10 cities - minus their suburban areas - were Boston,
Minneapolis, Milwaukee, Honolulu, Tucson, Ariz., Chicago, New York, Austin,
Texas and Raleigh, N.C.

Kevin Turner/The Times-Union

CITIZENS INSURANCE URGES USE OF FMAP

In preparation for this year's hurricane season, Citizens Property Insurance
Corporation is urging Florida residents to utilize its Florida Market Assistance
Plan to help select a primary insurance carrier.

Once a potential customer enters his or her contact information into the online
FMAP database, the more than 1,000 registered agents will be able to review
requests and offer coverage if available.

"Historically, FMAP has been very successful in placing customers in the private
market," said Joe Bouthillier, director of Agent and Market Services who is
responsible for the FMAP program. "In 2008, over 4,100 policies representing
$771.2 million of exposure were placed in the private market through FMAP and we
expect even better results for the current year."

For more information on the Florida Market Assistance Program, consumers should
log on to www.FMAP.org and register or call (800) 524-9023.

James Cannon/The Times-Union

EUROPEAN AIR PASSENGER NUMBERS DOWN IN MAY

European airlines said Friday that passenger numbers fell 8.3 percent in May,
the worst drop since the economic downturn curtailed business and tourist
travel.

Airlines have cut back flights as demand slumps, but not quickly enough to avoid
financial loss, the Association of European Airlines said. All but three of its
member airlines - most of them national carriers - reduced capacity in May, it
said.

Early figures for June are "just slightly less gloomy," it said, with passenger
numbers falling around 7.5 percent in the first half of the month compared to
last year.

Lufthansa AG, Europe's biggest airline, posted a 6.6 percent drop in passenger
numbers from a year ago. Air France was down 7.4 percent and British Airways PLC
was down 7 percent. Smaller airlines serving vacation destinations saw sharper
drops: Greece's Olympic Airlines was down 26.3 percent.

Associated Press

WTC OWNERS OFFER PLAN TO FINANCE 2ND TOWER

The owners of ground zero have offered to partially fund the building of a
second tower planned by a private developer.

The Port Authority of New York and New Jersey says it will provide $1.2 billion
for a skyscraper as long as developer Larry Silverstein raises more than $600
million for it first.

Silverstein has threatened to go to an arbitrator in less than two weeks unless
he and the agency resolve long-stalled lease negotiations.

Silverstein has rights to rebuild as many as three towers at the World Trade
Center site but has said he can't pay for it without backing from the Port
Authority.

Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 The Florida Times-Union


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 5, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The week's best deals around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: Travel; P03

LENGTH: 732 words


*   More than 100 restaurants will participate in "Dine-About-Town San
Francisco" during January, offering three-course prix-fixe menus at $21.95 for
lunch and/or $31.95 for dinner. Info and reservations: 415-391-2000,
www.sfdineabouttown.com.

*  Rent an SUV from Budget in select ski markets and receive a $50 discount and
a free ski rack, which is usually $9 a day extra. The promotion is valid at
participating locations in California, Colorado, New Mexico, New York, Nevada,
Oregon, Washington state and Canada. The price for a weeklong rental of a Ford
Escape in Reno, for example, is $190, plus about $59 in taxes. Info:
800-222-6772, www.budget.com/ski. Mention rate code U032105.

*  The Massachusetts Office of Travel & Tourism is offering discounted tickets
to more than 40 cultural attractions and discounted rates at several hundred
hotels. For example, buy one adult admission at participating museums and get a
second admission at half-price. Hotel rates, which include breakfast, range from
$79 to $209 a night. The historic Hotel Northampton, for one, has rates from
$149, down from $180. Deals are good through Feb. 28. Info: 800-447-MASS,
www.deals.massvacation.com.

*  If you're not fussy about whether you cruise around the Western or Eastern
Caribbean, Costa Cruise Lines has a deal for you. Sign up for a seven-night,
Jan. 16 cruise departing Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on the Costa Altantica or the
Costa Mediterranea and pay $399 per person double, plus taxes of up to $59 -- a
savings of at least $100 per person. Fourteen days before departure, the cruise
line will choose your ship. Book through a travel agent. Info: 800-247-7320,
www.costacruises.com.

*  Aegeus Yachts, which rents self-skippered yachts at eight locations
throughout Greece, is offering 30 percent discounts on sailing yachts and 15
percent discounts on motor yachts for sailings in 2005. For example, a sailboat
that sleeps eight that costs about $1,330 in low season (early October until
early May) is $931 for a week. Book by Dec. 31. Info: fax 011-30-210-988-1715,
www.aegeus-yachts.com.

*  Attention high rollers. Cruise around the world on a luxury liner next year
and get an early booking discount of at least $22,170, a $1,000 per cabin ship
credit and free first-class airfare. Radisson Seven Seas is offering the
93-night "Grand Circle Pacific" cruise starting at $34,995 per person double
after the discount; port charges and taxes are $2,173 extra. The ship departs
Vancouver on Sept. 7. Info: 800-477-7500, www.rssc.com.

*   AirTran has a systemwide sale good for travel through March 2. For example,
fly round trip from BWI to Sarasota, Fla., for $178. Fare on other airlines is
about $195. Purchase by Dec. 14, at least 10 days in advance. Sale not valid for
Sunday travel. Info: 800-AIR-TRAN, www.airtran.com.

*   Fly round trip from Washington to Nice, France, for $295, plus $150 in
taxes, with a deal from Air France. The sale is good for Monday-Thursday travel
departing by March 16 and returning by April 16. Seven-day advance purchase
required. Delta, which code shares with Air France, is matching the fare. Cost
on other airlines is about $476. Info: 800-237-2747, www.airfrance.us.

*  An escorted tour to Belgium and Holland is $599 per person double at
Go-today.com. The package includes round-trip air from New York, six nights'
hotel, airport transfers, sightseeing and transport via motorcoach, tour guide,
breakfasts and hotel taxes; air taxes are an additional $89. Depart Feb. 17 or
24, or March 3. Priced separately, air and hotel alone would cost about more$20
per person. Info: 425-487-9632, www.go-today.com.

*  Travel to China with Ritz Tours for $1,349 per person double, including
round-trip air from Washington, intra-China flights, seven nights at five-star
hotels, sightseeing by motorcoach, tour guides and most meals. The "China
Tri-City Adventure" departs every Sunday from Jan. 2 until March 20. Taxes are
$159 extra. Priced separately, airfares to China and between Guangzhou, Beijing
and Hong Kong would cost about $1,748. Info: 800-900-2446, www.ritztours.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Valdosta Daily Times (Georgia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 18, 2017 Saturday

Golf Week registration has discounted rate

BYLINE: The Valdosta Daily Times, Ga.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 242 words


Feb. 18--Golfers age 21 years old and older interested in playing in the Georgia
Amateur Golf Promotions' Golf Week on April 10-14 can receive a discounted rate
of $240 until Feb. 23. The entry fee includes five days of golf on five
different courses, cart, daily awards, prizes, daily 19th hole with cash bar,
appetizers and live entertainment.

For additional information contact the GAGP at 614-441-3965 or email
johnungar@yahoo.com

The  amateur seniors will travel to The Lakes Golf Course at Laura S. Walker
State Park on Wednesday, March 8 in Waycross. Interested golfers should contact
John Ungar at 614-441-3965 or email johnungar@yahoo.com

The first Hoot-Owl Amateur Tour event is slated for Ironwood Golf Club in
Gainesville, Florida, on Saturday, April 1. Interested golfers should contact
the Hoot-Owl Amateur Tour at 614-441-3965 or email hootowltour@yahoo.com

GAGP begins the week at The Lakes Golf Course on Monday. The Quitman Country
Club hosts an event Tuesday in Quitman, the Francis Lake Golf Club in Lake Park
hosts Wednesday and the Kinderlou Forest Golf Club hosts Thursday in Valdosta.

The Country Oaks Golf Club in Thomasville hosts Friday, the Quitman Country Club
hosts Saturday and Francis Lake hosts to close out the week's worth of golf
events next Sunday.

___ (c)2017 The Valdosta Daily Times (Valdosta, Ga.) Visit The Valdosta Daily
Times (Valdosta, Ga.) at www.valdostadailytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170218-VD-Golf-Week-registration-has-discounted-rate-0218-20170218

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VD


                    Copyright 2017 The Valdosta Daily Times


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            November 29, 2015 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

HUD Homes at Half Price

BYLINE: By LISA PREVOST

SECTION: Section RE; Column 0; Real Estate Desk; MORTGAGES; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 626 words


A little-known program sponsored by the Department of Housing and Urban
Development allows police officers, teachers, firefighters and emergency medical
technicians to buy certain homes for half price. But financing these purchases
comes with some strings attached.

Called Good Neighbor Next Door, this program deeply discounts foreclosure
properties in areas designated as in need of revitalization. The homes are owned
by HUD and first offered only to full-time educators and emergency responders
who serve these areas. In return, the workers must agree to live in the home for
at least three years.

To be eligible, buyers may not own any other residential property or have owned
a home within the previous year.

Although the home price is halved, buyers must still be able to qualify for a
loan equal to the full price, said John Zubretsky Jr., the owner-broker of
Weichert Realtors, the Zubretsky Group in Wethersfield, Conn. The mortgage
amount, though, will be only for the discounted price, said Mr. Zubretsky, a
specialist in HUD properties.

But in order to make the buyers accountable for the three-year commitment, HUD
also requires that they sign a ''silent second'' mortgage for the amount that
the property was discounted. No interest or payments are required on this
mortgage as long as the buyer lives in the home for at least 36 months.

''That second note gets ripped up after three years,'' said Kevin Kelly, a local
listing broker for HUD homes in the Buffalo area. Mr. Kelly noted that HUD does
have methods for checking on the residency requirement and has prosecuted buyers
who knowingly violated that rule.

Buyers may notify HUD if and when they want to move out before the three years
are up, but they must repay the agency for the discounted amount on a prorated
basis based on how long they lived there.

Buyers can search for eligible properties in their area at hudhomestore.com. But
the listings can be sparse. For example, earlier this month, just two properties
were listed for the entire state of New York. One was a three-bedroom ranch in
Niagara Falls for $27,000; the other was a two-bedroom ranch in Syracuse, also
for $27,000.

The listings don't come along very often, brokers say. When they do, they are
offered under the program for a limited time. If there are multiple buyers for a
property, the winner is chosen at random by lottery, Mr. Kelly said. If there
are no buyers, the property is offered at full price to any buyer who intends to
be an owner-occupant.

HUD notes on its website that buyers interested in properties that need
renovation should apply for what is called a 203(k) renovation mortgage through
the Federal Housing Administration. Under that program, the price of the home
and the estimated cost of renovations are combined into a single mortgage.
Warren Foley, an agent who specializes in HUD listings in the St. Petersburg,
Fla., area, said he thinks the program is ''a phenomenal opportunity'' for
first-time buyers. But although he said he has received inquiries about it and
tells potential candidates about it, his buyers haven't followed through,
usually because of concern about the safety of the neighborhood or the quality
of the schools.

''It's never been a huge program,'' since it is limited to certain areas, said
Brian Sullivan, a HUD spokesman. Also, the numbers of listings have dwindled in
recent years as HUD's stock of foreclosure properties has declined, he said.

In the 2015 fiscal year ending Sept. 30, 262 homes sold under the Good Neighbor
program, according to HUD. That was about half as many as last year, and about a
third of the volume in 2013.

For weekly email updates on residential real estate news, sign up here. Follow
us on Twitter: @nytrealestate.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/29/realestate/hud-homes-at-half-price.html

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHARTS: INDEX FOR ADJUSTABLE RATE MORTGAGES: 1-year Treasury rate
(Source: HSH.com)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 9, 2007 Friday

IRS offers ``cure'' for discounted options

BYLINE: Mark Schwanhausser, Mercury News

LENGTH: 298 words


The Internal Revenue Service made an offer that could ease the tax-filing
headaches this April for workers who exercised backdated stock options -- but it
wouldn't affect options that employees still hold in their portfolio.

Under so-called Section 409A rules -- a reference to a part of the tax code --
workers face a 20 percent tax and interest on options that were discounted to
give them a head start to profits.

There are ways to ``cure'' discounted options so they will sidestep the Section
409 taxes due in April 2008 and beyond, but they're not likely to be popular
with employees. Essentially, workers can agree to reprice their options to erase
the discount, or they can commit to a schedule for exercising the options, a
decision that would remove the underlying flexibility to cash in at opportune
times.

In December, at least 10 Silicon Valley companies raced to beat a year-end
deadline to reprice tainted options for top executives and directors. Companies
have more time to decide what to do for rank-and-file workers -- that deadline
is Dec. 31. Now the clock is ticking as companies weigh whether to do something
similar for rank-and-file employees.

How companies handle the issue could be touchy, both in terms of employee morale
and investor unrest. Workers who elect to reprice the options will be faced with
losing potential compensation they had come to count on. Companies could respond
by issuing bonuses to make up for the lost discount -- a tactic some have used
for top executives who faced a Dec. 31, 2006, deadline to reprice tainted
options. On the other hand, that tactic has upset some investors who feel
executives shouldn't be compensated for a discount that was issued in error.

Contact Mark Schwanhausser at mschwanhausser@mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5543.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             July 2, 2015 Thursday

Chill Pass meant to lure you to Palm Springs;
More than three dozen hotels taking part in promotion

BYLINE: Kathryn Folliott

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T3

LENGTH: 531 words


Palm Springs, Calif. wants visitors to chill out with a new summer promotion
offering accommodation deals, dining discounts and savings on local attractions.

The "Chill Pass" applies to a long list of hotels, restaurants, shops, spas and
attractions, and most of the deals are available through Labour Day.

At Desert Willow Golf Course, golfers get 25 per cent off best available rate
tee times.

Another golf deal, at the JW Marriott Desert Springs Resort Spa, offers one
round with cart for $60 (all prices U.S.) per person.

Desert Adventures Eco-Tours has discounted rates for its Indian Canyons Jeep
Hiking Tour, down from $125 to $75 per person.

There's even a deal on scooters: rent two scooters at Scoot Palm Springs and get
20 per cent off.

And select behind-the-scenes tours are on sale at the Living Desert Zoo Gardens.

Dining deals include prix fixe menus and free desserts at local eateries.

There's also a discounted Sip Savor Pass at South Coast Winery Resort Spa, now
priced at $35 per person for five wine tastings and a choice of lunch items.

For accommodation, third nights are free at the Miramonte Resort Spa, and fourth
nights are free at the Monroe Palm Springs.

In all, more than three dozen hotels are taking part in the Chill Pass
promotion.

See chillpass.com.

Cruise deals with Cunard

Cunard is marking 175 years on the high seas with 175 cruise deals. Discounted
cruise fares are available on 175 voyages, to destinations including the
Mediterranean, Africa, Asia and the Middle East.

Europe fares start at $1,599 per person. Prices for U.S., Canada and the
Caribbean cruises have been marked down to a lead-in of $799 per person.
Trans-Atlantic sailings have been discounted as well.

"The Biggest Birthday Celebration Ever" also includes on-board credit worth $175
per stateroom.

Bookings must be made by July 31. All three Cunard ships - the Queen Victoria,
the Queen Elizabeth and the Queen Mary 2 - are taking part in the promotion.

See cunard.com.

Wine tastings on the

Seaway Wine Trail

The new 1000 Islands Harbor Hotel on the St. Lawrence River is right on the
Seaway Wine Trail in New York state.

The hotel's wine-tasting package comes with three wine tastings at two wineries
and one distillery plus a visit to the 1000 Islands River Rat Cheese shop in
Clayton, N.Y.

With one night's accommodation and breakfast for two, prices start at $199, a
savings of 20 per cent.

See the Specials Packages link at 1000islandsharborhotel.com.

Auberge stay in Winter Park

The Alfond Inn's "Auberge in the Park" package brings dining and accommodation
under one roof. Guests get a four-course tasting menu, complete with wine
pairings, at the hotel's restaurant.

Guests also get one night's accommodation.

The lead-in rate of $309 represents a 15-per-cent savings off the room rate.

The Alfond Inn is located in Winter Park in central Florida.

See thealfondinn.com.

Best buy of the week

Hilton Worldwide's "Stay Play Longer" promotion has rates from $99 per night at
several Caribbean resorts, including the British Colonial Hilton Nassau.

See hiltoncaribbean.com/summer.

Kathryn Folliott is a Toronto-based freelance writer. Prices quoted are subject
to change and availability.

Follow @KathrynFolliott.

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 10, 2015 Tuesday

Pennsylvania Man admits defrauding computer equipment companies for $2.5 million

LENGTH: 469  words

DATELINE: Trenton


United States Attorney's Office for the District of New Jersey has issued the
following press release:

A Gladwyne, Pennsylvania, man today admitted using phony documents and "straw
buyers" to fraudulently secure millions of dollars in discounted computer
equipment from Hewlett-Packard Co. (HP) and Cisco Systems Inc. (Cisco), U.S.
Attorney Paul J. Fishman announced.

Andrew Silverman, 51, pleaded guilty before U.S. District Judge Michael A. Shipp
in Trenton federal court to an information charging him with one count of wire
fraud.

According to documents filed in this case and statements made in court:

From January 2008 through May 2012, Silverman exploited HP and Cisco discount
programs that provided reduced prices on products used locally within a certain
country and were not resold. As the president and owner of DataQ Internet
Equipment Corp., which sold computer hardware and software, Silverman was not
eligible to receive these discounts.

Silverman admitted that he recruited business owners to pose as buyers
interested in securing a large volume of computing products. He directed these
straw buyers to falsely tell HP and Cisco that the procured products would be
used internally by those individuals' businesses and not resold. Once
negotiations were complete and the straw buyers fraudulently secured the
discounts, Silverman sent funds via international wire transfers to the straw
buyers to cover the purchase cost. He then had the discounted equipment shipped
to destinations other than the straw buyer's businesses, including to New Jersey
and other locations in the United States.

Silverman also admitted he sent multiple emails to HP representatives posing as
an individual named "P.B," regarding the purchase of deeply discounted HP
equipment. Silverman created a company called Integrated Data Centers to conduct
negotiations with an HP representative so he could fraudulently obtain
discounted HP products.

The estimated combined losses to HP and Cisco are $2.5 million.

The wire fraud charge to which Silverman pleaded guilty carries a maximum
potential penalty of 20 years in prison and a $250,000 fine. Silverman will be
required to forfeit $2.5 million under terms of the plea agreement. Sentencing
is scheduled for May 19, 2015.

U.S. Attorney Fishman credited special agents of the FBI, under the direction of
Special Agent in Charge Richard M. Frankel in Newark; and inspectors of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service, under the direction of Inspector in Charge Maria L.
Kelokates, with the investigation leading to today's guilty plea.

The government is represented by Assistant U.S. Attorney Lakshmi Srinivasan
Herman of the U.S. Attorney's Economic Crimes Unit in Newark.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Palo Alto Daily News (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 4, 2013 Wednesday

SamTrans board to vote on discounted group rates for pre-paid fares and annual
passes

BYLINE: Bonnie Eslinger, Palo Alto Daily News, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 487 words


Sept. 04--Prepaid SamTrans bus fares and passes would be offered at discounted
rates if bought in bulk, under a trio of proposals that the agency's board is
scheduled to consider approving today.

According to one proposal, housing complex residents and company employees could
receive annual passes worth up to $1,980 for the bargain price of $115.

The catch?

Only companies with at least 100 employees or housing complexes with at least
100 occupants older than 4 would qualify for the discount. And the purchaser
would have to buy a pass for every single employee or tenant, regardless of
whether they would use one, according to SamTrans spokeswoman Christine Dunn.

A second proposal calls for allowing groups of 25 or more people to get a 20
percent discount on pre-paid tickets.

Another proposal would reduce the price of a day pass from three times the
one-way fare to 2  1/2  times. A $6 adult day pass, for example, would be
dropped to $5. While the other two programs would be permanent, this discount
would be temporary, according to a memo for the board meeting.

The day pass fare would be implemented for a maximum of 18 months, but could be
stopped sooner if it's "in the best economic interest" of the transit agency,
according to the memo.

Dunn said SamTrans wants to offer discounts to generate more ridership and
increase revenue. The annual pass program could help the agency meet its goals
because "public transportation is most successful when it serves densely
populated areas, whether they are dense housing developments or large corporate
centers," Dunn wrote.

If approved, the changes would go into effect in January. The price of the
discounted annual pass would increase to $125 in 2015.

In recent years, SamTrans has conducted several pilot programs with an annual
pass. Peninsula Station in San Mateo began purchasing the passes for residents
in 2011, Dunn said, adding that the contract expires at the end of this year.

From 2007 to 2009, passes were provided to residents of Villa Montgomery in
Redwood City. And Mid-Peninsula Housing is expected to get passes for tenants at
its complex on South Delaware Street in San Mateo, starting in October, Dunn
said.

SamTrans, which has an operating budget of $123.8 million this fiscal year, has
struggled financially and agency officials recently asked the San Mateo County
Board of Supervisors for help. In response, the board tentatively approval
giving the agency a $10 million subsidy this fiscal year and next.

The SamTrans board is scheduled to meet 2 p.m. today at the Bacciocco Auditorium
on the second floor of the SamTrans Administrative Offices, 1250 San Carlos
Ave., San Carlos.

Email Bonnie Eslinger at beslinger@dailynewsgroup.com; follow her at
twitter.com/bonnieeslinger.

___ (c)2013 the Palo Alto Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) Visit the Palo Alto
Daily News (Menlo Park, Calif.) at www.paloaltodailynews.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130904-PL-SamTrans-board-to-vote-on-discounted
-group-rates-for-pre-paid-fares-and-annual-passes-0904-20130904

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PL


                      Copyright 2013 Palo Alto Daily News


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 April 25, 2005

Hospital can't recover under lien law, California Supreme Court rules

BYLINE: Lawyers Weekly USA Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 340  words


A hospital that accepted "payment in full" from a patient and health insurer
waived its right to recover any additional charges from a tort settlement under
the state's hospital lien law, the California Supreme Court has ruled.

Under the lien act, a hospital that treats a patient injured by a third party
tortfeasor may assert a lien against any judgment, settlement, or compromise
recovered by that patient from the tortfeasor in the amount of its "reasonable
and necessary charges. "

The hospital had an agreement with a health care network to provide discounts
for its providers. The plaintiff, a member of the network, was injured in a car
accident and treated at the hospital.

The hospital received payment from the patient and his health insurer for the
discounted total. But the hospital then asserted a lien against the patient's
subsequent tort suit against the driver of the vehicle who caused his injuries,
seeking the difference between its usual and customary charges and the
discounted payment it had already received.

The patient objected, arguing that the hospital breached its contract to accept
the discounted payments.

The court agreed.

"Because [the patient] no longer owes a debt to the hospital for its services,
we conclude that the hospital may not assert a lien under the [lien act] against
[the patient's] recovery from the third party tortfeasor," the court said.

"[A] lien under the [act] is based on a debt owed by the patient to the
hospital. ... [A]bsent an underlying debt, the hospital may not recover on the
lien even assuming that the recovery comes from the tortfeasor. ... If hospitals
wish to preserve their right to recover the difference between usual and
customary charges and the negotiated rate through a lien under the [act], they
are free to contract for this right. "

The court cited similar decisions from Colorado, Florida, Idaho, Illinois,
Indiana, New Mexico and New York.

Parnell v. Adventist Health System/West (Lawyers Weekly USA No. 9930507)
California Supreme Court No. S114888. April 4, 2005.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Bakersfield Californian

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 2, 2010 Wednesday

Thousands more eligible for PGandE discounted energy

BYLINE: John Cox, The Bakersfield Californian

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 475 words


Jun. 2--Thousands more Pacific Gas and Electric Co. customers qualify for
discounted energy under new guidelines put into effect this week.

The annual adjustment to the CARE, or California Alternate Rates for Energy,
program raises eligible income levels by about 2.7 percent to reflect the latest
federal poverty guidelines. The maximum qualifying income for a family of four
rose to $44,400 from $43,200.

More than 1.4 million PG&E customers are enrolled in CARE, which the company
said saves households $46 a month on their gas and electric bill, on average.

CARE customers pay significantly less than what it costs PG&E to provide the
energy. CARE electricity customers pay 8.3 cents to 9.6 cents per kilowatt hour,
depending on how much energy they use per month. That's well below standard
residential rates, which range between 12 cents and 40 cents per kilowatt hour.
Also, CARE rates have not changed in years.

With the recent focus on electric bills in Kern, there has been some discussion
about whether CARE customers are paying their fair share of PG&E's costs.

Michael Turnipseed, executive director of the Kern County Taxpayers Association,
acknowledged the need for discounted energy programs, but said his group would
like to see CARE rates set as a percentage of PG&E's actual costs. Otherwise,
rates paid by other customers rise disproportionately over time, he said.

"A discount is fine as long as there is some rationale that it adjusts for
inflation so its burden does not hurt everyone else," he said.

A spokeswoman for The Utility Reform Network, a San Francisco-based consumer
advocacy group, defended CARE rates as "more important than ever" given the
state's high unemployment rate. She suggested that customers unhappy with their
rates pressure PG&E to tighten its belt.

"It is not customer vs. customer," spokeswoman Mindy Spatt wrote in an e-mail,
"it is customer vs. PG&E."

PG&E has proposed changing the CARE rate structure by adding a third rate that
would have discount customers paying more per unit of energy if their use
exceeds a certain level. The company also wants to charge customers a $3 flat
monthly fee. These changes, if approved, wouldn't go into effect until next
summer.

Thousands of households qualify for the CARE program but have not enrolled, PG&E
said in a news release. Eligibility information and applications are available
online at www.pge.com/care or by calling 866-743-2273.

To see more of The Bakersfield Californian, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go
to http://www.bakersfield.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Bakersfield Californian
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100602-BK-Thousands-more-eligible-for-PG-E-discounted-energy-0602

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BK


                   Copyright 2010 The Bakersfield Californian


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            November 7, 2006 Tuesday
                                 Metro Edition

how - to;
DOLLARS & SENSE;
More holiday bargains for early birds;
Avoid the day-after-Thanksgiving crush at these great November sales featuring
candles, jewelry, camping equipment, teen clothing, gourmet foods, greeting
cards and holiday trim.

BYLINE: John Ewoldt, Staff Writer

SECTION: SOURCE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 755 words


Last month Dollars & Sense gave you five great October sales for nabbing holiday
bargains at discounts of 50 percent or more. November has just as many great
deals, proving that as we get closer to Christmas, the deals don't freeze up.

The soup ladies sale

Maggie and Mary's dry gourmet soup mixes (serves four to six; just add water)
are sold in upscale grocery stores and gift shops for about $7, but at their
warehouse sale, the soups, cheese ball, sauce and smoothie mixes and gift packs
are discounted 40 to 50 percent. The selection is even larger this year, thanks
to packaging changes required by new federal labeling laws that go into effect
Jan. 1. Only cash and checks are accepted at the North Aire Market sale (689
Canterbury Road, Shakopee, 952-496-2887). Hours are 10 a.m. to 6:30 p.m.
Wednesday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Thursday and Friday and 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday.

A can't-miss candle sale

Last month the most popular sale was Thymes Limited. This month it's the Illume
Candles sale. Formerly called Starlight and then Starlume, the sale Thursday
through Saturday includes candle tins, votives, glass candle containers,
pillars, candleholders, pillar plates, soaps and incense from 25 cents up to $5.
The items are discounted 50 to 90 percent. Sale hours are 10 a.m. to 7 p.m.
Thursday and Friday and 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Saturday at 2000 W. 94th St.,
Bloomington, 952-885-9600.

Greeting card  stock-up sale

The Gina B. Designs sale (12700 Industrial Park Blvd., Suite 40, Plymouth,
763-559-7595), 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Thursday and 8 a.m. to 6 p.m. Friday, includes
cards with simple, elegant designs and verses that will be discounted 50 to 80
percent. Greeting and photo cards will be four for $1, weekly calendar pads $2,
list pads $1, money cards five for $1, recipe cards 10 for $1, and boxed holiday
cards $2 for eight to 10 each. Shoppers are asked to bring a canned good or
other nonperishable item to donate to local food shelves. Sample products may be
viewed at www.ginabdesigns.com.

Campers and  outdoor enthusiasts

The semiannual expo at Midwest Mountaineering (309 Cedar Av. S., Minneapolis,
612-339-3433 and www.midwestmtn.com) Thursday (5 to 9 p.m. preview) through
Sunday includes 10 to 25 percent discounts on outdoor supplies and clothing for
camping, climbing and hiking. Also check out the Thrifty Outfitters clearance
room upstairs, with selected sleeping bags and tents discounted 50 percent. Sale
hours are 4 to 9 p.m. Friday, 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Sunday.

Large-size shoes

The Nordstrom Rack (Mall of America, Bloomington, 952-854-3131) brings in
hundreds of extra pairs of women's size 10 and above and men's size 14 and above
in dressy and casual styles starting Saturday, all at discounted prices.

Department 56 sale

Department 56 does an annual fundraiser for the Minneapolis Public Schools. The
sale is Nov. 17 and 18 at the Zuhrah Shrine Center (2540 Park Av. S.,
Minneapolis, 612-668-5335). Ornaments, candles, tabletop pieces and seasonal
merchandise sell for 60 to 80 percent below retail prices. Items may be
overstocks and samples donated by Department 56. Hours are 8 a.m. to 8 p.m. Nov.
17 and 8 a.m. to noon Nov. 18. Look for an even larger selection of ornaments
and holiday trim this year.

Young men's, kids',  women's activewear

During the Sample It sale (Days Inn, 7851 Normandale Blvd., Bloomington,
612-377-6981) from 9 a.m. to 8 p.m. Nov. 16 and 17, young men's and juniors'
fall skate, surf and snowboard wear will be discounted at least 50 percent from
retail at wholesale prices or below. Brands include Billabong, Volcom,
Quiksilver and Hurley. Women's fall and winter activewear, including brands such
as Hot Chillys and Salsa, also are discounted at least 50 percent. Credit cards
accepted.

Jewelry sale

Save 50 to 75 percent on beads and jewelry at the Lonnie Lovness sample sale
(450 N. Main St., Stillwater, 651-430-2234) from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Dec. 2.
Artistic pieces include necklaces, pins, watches, earrings and bracelets. Most
sale prices range from $9 to $50. Check the website (www.lonnielovness.com) for
samples.

Contemporary  clothing, shoes

Original prices on high-end designer clothing are discounted 50 to 75 percent
every day at the Len Druskin outlet (Southdale, 952-927-7923). The men's and
women's brands change frequently, but can include Custo, French Laundry,
L.A.M.B. and Twill 22. The outlet is tentatively expected to close Nov. 19.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or  jewoldt@startribune.com. His articles are online
at www.startribune.com/dollars.

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Retail News

                      August 28, 2012 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort Welcomes Guests Seeking Isaac Relief

LENGTH: 151  words


New Delhi, Aug. 28 -- Sandestin Golf and Beach Resort - the 2,400-acre resort on
Northwest Florida's Emerald Coast - will accommodate visitors seeking to
evacuate from Tropical Storm Isaac with discounted rates starting at $139.



The resort is accepting reservations and offering discounted accommodations to
help ease the burden of displaced, Gulf Coast residents. Sandestin is an easy
drive from destinations like New Orleans, Gulfport, Miss, and Mobile, Al.

In addition Sandestin is planning for this special long Labor Day weekend.
Resort activities will be in full operation and events will continue as planned
including the Baytowne Art Walk (Aug. 31 - Sept. 2), featuring world-class art
and live music in Sandestin's Village at Baytowne Wharf.

Evacuees are encouraged to regularly check weather and sources for conditions.
For reservations and information, contact (855) 252-3797 or visit Sandestin.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2012 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Hospitals decry bill mandating discounted care

BYLINE: By Philip Ewing POST-DISPATCH SPRINGFIELD BUREAU

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 472 words


A proposal requiring at least 8 percent of operating costs go to free or
discounted care is backed by Illinois' attorney general.

SPRINGFIELD, ILL. Hospitals across the state would become financial victims if a
proposal backed by Attorney General Lisa Madigan becomes law, a coalition of
lawmakers and hospital officials said Tuesday.

But a state official called the contention "scare tactics."

Madigan is pushing a bill that would require hospitals to devote at least 8
percent of their operating costs to free or discounted care. She says because
most hospitals don't pay taxes, they're obligated to provide a set amount of
free care.

The hospitals say they're already generous in helping poor patients and a
state-mandated minimum level of charity could force many of them into the red.

"These are among the most dangerous legislative proposals that I have ever
seen," said Ken Robbins, president of the Illinois Hospital Association. "It is
clear that the people who drafted this legislation really had no idea about how
the health care financing system operates."

Robbins appeared in a room packed with about 100 lawmakers, doctors and hospital
officials, all of whom condemned Madigan's initiatives.

A high-ranking lawyer with Madigan's office defended the proposals.

"The attorney general's perspective is that she would like to have a clear and
fair set of standards that hospitals should meet in exchange for the very
lucrative privilege of tax-exempt status," said Anne Murphy, senior counsel to
the attorney general. "I can assure you that for many hospitals, that's worth
millions in any given year."

The majority of hospitals in Illinois do not pay sales, income or property taxes
and can issue tax-free bonds to help finance expansions.

Madigan cites these benefits -- and says there are 1.8 million uninsured
Illinoisans and more than 100,000 driven into bankruptcy by medical costs -- as
reasons why state hospitals should provide a minimum amount of charity.

But yearly, Illinois hospitals already provide some $1.2 billion worth of free
care and other services, Robbins said, adding that a third of them operate at a
loss.

Hospitals would have to pay almost $800 million more per year to meet Madigan's
proposed base level of 8 percent, which he said would most hurt hospitals in the
state's poorest areas and, consequently, the state's poorest people.

Local hospitals would not be immune from the law: St. Elizabeth's Hospital in
Belleville provides about $28 million worth of free care and services, a
spokesman there said, and would have to pay between $4 million to $5 million
more per year to meet Madigan's minimum limits.

Robbins did concede that Madigan's worries about the state's uninsured were
valid.

"It is a problem," he said, "but there is a limit to what hospitals can do. We
cannot be the only answer to that problem."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Derby Evening Telegraph

                                January 12, 2001

DC Cook launches discount club

BYLINE: By Robert Maddox, Rmaddox@Derbytelegraph.Co.Uk

SECTION: Business: COMPANIES - CAR DEALERS / GARAGES/PETROL STATIONS, Pg.05

LENGTH: 505 words


DERBY motor dealer DC Cook has launched a ground-breaking new service to put its
customers firmly in the driving seat.

The firm, which is one of the country's leading motor groups, has introduced a
Discount Motoring Club with round-the-clock personal mechanics to take care of
the motoring needs of drivers - wherever they are in the UK.

Anyone buying a car from DC Cook, including motorists buying through the firm's
web site, will have at their fingertips a unique and comprehensive range of
support and advice services, including:

- A mechanic who they can speak to at any time;

- An on-line service to show the service and repair history of their vehicle;

- An on-line service to show the monthly costs of running their vehicle.

"We are taking the stress out of motoring and putting motorists firmly in the
driving seat," said marketing chief David Cook.

"We are offering an easy to access way to buy accompanied by the type of service
and benefits that probably have been only available before to drivers of fleet
cars.

"This is a major step forward for the industry as well DC Cook.

"We are using the best in technology to provide the best in motoring for our
customers. We are first out of the blocks in the race to lead a new era in motor
sales."

Customers buying through dccookinteractive.com or at any of DC Cook's 17
branches across the country, immediately qualify for free membership of the
motoring club.

And motorists who do not buy a vehicle through DC Cook can enjoy the facilities
by paying a small membership fee of GBP 30.

On joining, there is easy access to the services. Customers can ring a hotline
number wherever they are in the UK or can access the web site
(www.dccook.co.uk).

The club offers:

- Discounted parts;

- Discounted service;

- Discounted tyres;

- Discounted glass;

- Preferential booking service;

- Discounted breakdown recovery access;

- Discounted accident management access;

- On-line route planning service;

- On-line news and reviews;

- Discounted daily rental;

- Discounted insurance.

Said Mr Cook: "Members willhave access to a mechanic, who they can speak to at
any time from anywhere - even a roadside breakdown.

"The mechanic will book all the servicing and repairs required at the members'
place of choice. Customers will be told where they can get the best, closest or
cheapest deals."

The club has partnerships giving access to more than 2,000 mobile service units,
tyre and glass depots, franchised dealers and fast fit centres across the UK.

Added Mr Cook: "The club's on-line service will give members a complete history
of their motoring. It will show all transactions they have made concerning
servicing and repairs.

"We are in a position to tell our members the total cost of their motoring. When
it comes to selling, members will be able to give an accurate and comprehensive
history of their vehicle.

"DC Cook has always been in the vanguard of online motoring organisations now it
has taken another major step forward,"

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: DC Cook"s Mitsubishi dealership at Sir Frank Whittle Road, Derby. "We
are taking the stress out of motoring," says David Cook, DC Cook marketing
chief, pictured with a membership card for the firm's new discount club.

                     Copyright 2001 Derby Evening Telegraph


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 20, 2014 Sunday
                                 METRO EDITION

know + go

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 3G

LENGTH: 467 words


Amtrak alters children's discounts

Amtrak's definition of a child for the purpose of discounted fares has changed
to cover ages 2 to 12. The upper age had been 15. Those 12 and under remain
eligible for half-price fares (one discounted ticket per fare-paying adult).
Children younger than 2 still travel free (also one per fare-paying adult;
additional 2-and-younger passengers can get the 50 percent discount).

WASHINGTON POST

The spirit of flier complaints

U.S. PIRG Education Fund, a nonprofit consumer group, released a report finding
that Spirit dwarfed other airlines in terms of complaints from 2009 to 2013.
Since 2008, the Department of Transportation has hit Spirit with multiple fines
for violations of consumer protection laws. Frontier had the second-highest rate
of complaints in the past year, followed by United and American.

SLATE

The sound of high-pitched giggling can now be heard at Universal Studios
Hollywood. Yellow-skinned Minions - made popular through the two "Despicable Me"
movies - have made themselves at home on the theme park's grounds. Despicable Me
Minion Mayhem opened April 4 in the location once occupied by the Terminator 3-D
attraction. This isn't just a new ride; it's an entire themed area that starts
with the Despicable Me Minion Mayhem ride. It also includes Super Silly Fun
Land, which features the Silly Swirly Fun Ride, plus a children's area with 80
different water-play features. There also are two "Despicable Me"-themed
restaurants at the park in Universal City, Calif. Universal Studios Orlando has
a similar attraction, but it doesn't include the additional Fun Land or
restaurants.

FRESNO BEE

deal of the week

Take me out to the ballgame

To celebrate baseball season, Kimpton Hotels and Restaurants is taking 15
percent off rates on hotels near baseball parks. The Baseball for All promo runs
through Sept. 28 and features such hotels as Boston's Nine Zero (two miles from
Fenway Park), Monaco Chicago (five miles from Wrigley Field) and Seattle's
Alexis Hotel (less than a mile from Safeco Field). The deal also includes free
Wi-Fi and $10 minibar/bar credit for Kimpton InTouch Members (free to join).
Prices vary; use promo code BASES. Info at www.kimptonhotels.com.

WASHINGTON POST

"Old-Fashioned Corners of Paris" (the Little Bookroom, available May 6), with
whimsical text by Christophe Destournelles and photographs by Christophe
Lefébure, takes readers to places that evoke the past in its most palatable
forms. It is a nostalgic wisp of a book, good to have on hand if you're looking
for, say, old-fashioned caramels, a shoeshine or a belle époque bistro where the
check is scrawled on napkins. Old phone booths, one of the city's last artesian
wells, antique weighing machines in Luxembourg Gardens, a button shop: The book
has its charms.

NEW YORK TIMES

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

Matisse art exhibit ticket information

BYLINE: By Randy Ellis and Brandy McDonnell Staff Writers rellis@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 441 words


Ticket detailsThe exhibit "Matisse in His Time: Masterworks of Modernism from
Centre Pompidou, Paris" is drawing international attention to the Oklahoma City
Museum of Art, which will be exhibiting works by Henri Matisse and other
renowned artists Saturday&nbsp;through Sept. 18.Tickets are in high demand, so
the museum staff has instituted new ticketing procedures to accommodate the
anticipated large crowds. Visitors&nbsp;will be required to purchase a ticket
with a specific 15-minute window for the arrival time."We do expect that this
will be a much more popular exhibition, much greater attendance than average for
one of our exhibitions. So, we want to ensure â?¦ that we don't have too many
people in the gallery,"&nbsp;said Michael Anderson, the museum's&nbsp;director
of curatorial affairs.&nbsp;"We also want to make sure that people can see the
works and spend time in front of them and really get the best experience."Adult
tickets are $12 and can be purchased online at www.okcmoa.com/matisse, in person
at the Oklahoma City Museum of Art or by calling the museum at 236-3100. Tickets
will admit visitors to the entire museum, in addition to the Matisse
exhibit.Becky Weintz, marketing and communications director, said&nbsp;about
2,500 advanced tickets have already been sold, significantly more than
usual."The first time slot for (June)&nbsp;18th is already sold out,"
she&nbsp;said.

"So, we're expecting a pretty big crowd on the 18th. But we've sold tickets all
through the whole summer, and we've sold them all over the country: Texas,
Kansas, Hawaii."Weintz said visitors can buy tickets when they arrive at the
museum, but they may have to wait to enter the Matisse exhibit. They can tour
other exhibitions, including "Our City, Our Collection: Building the Museum's
Lasting Legacy" on the first floor and "Dale Chihuly: Magic &amp; Light" on the
third floor, and then proceed to the second-floor landing when their time comes
to enter "Matisse in His Time."&nbsp;She recommended visitors
arrive&nbsp;about&nbsp;15 minutes before their Matisse ticket time&nbsp;to
ensure they can&nbsp;find parking&nbsp;and&nbsp;maneuver through downtown street
construction.Discounted tickets are available for active military members,
seniors, students and children. Discounted student and military tickets must be
purchased in person, rather than online, and valid identification is
required.Museum members&nbsp;receive free admission to the exhibit, but still
are encouraged to reserve tickets in advance. Group tours are available at a
discounted ticket price for groups of 15 or more. Reservations must be made in
advance at 278-8213.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

Matisse art exhibit ticket information

BYLINE: By Randy Ellis and Brandy McDonnell Staff Writers rellis@oklahoman.com

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 441 words


Ticket detailsThe exhibit "Matisse in His Time: Masterworks of Modernism from
Centre Pompidou, Paris" is drawing international attention to the Oklahoma City
Museum of Art, which will be exhibiting works by Henri Matisse and other
renowned artists Saturday&nbsp;through Sept. 18.Tickets are in high demand, so
the museum staff has instituted new ticketing procedures to accommodate the
anticipated large crowds. Visitors&nbsp;will be required to purchase a ticket
with a specific 15-minute window for the arrival time."We do expect that this
will be a much more popular exhibition, much greater attendance than average for
one of our exhibitions. So, we want to ensure â?¦ that we don't have too many
people in the gallery,"&nbsp;said Michael Anderson, the museum's&nbsp;director
of curatorial affairs.&nbsp;"We also want to make sure that people can see the
works and spend time in front of them and really get the best experience."Adult
tickets are $12 and can be purchased online at www.okcmoa.com/matisse, in person
at the Oklahoma City Museum of Art or by calling the museum at 236-3100. Tickets
will admit visitors to the entire museum, in addition to the Matisse
exhibit.Becky Weintz, marketing and communications director, said&nbsp;about
2,500 advanced tickets have already been sold, significantly more than
usual."The first time slot for (June)&nbsp;18th is already sold out,"
she&nbsp;said.

"So, we're expecting a pretty big crowd on the 18th. But we've sold tickets all
through the whole summer, and we've sold them all over the country: Texas,
Kansas, Hawaii."Weintz said visitors can buy tickets when they arrive at the
museum, but they may have to wait to enter the Matisse exhibit. They can tour
other exhibitions, including "Our City, Our Collection: Building the Museum's
Lasting Legacy" on the first floor and "Dale Chihuly: Magic &amp; Light" on the
third floor, and then proceed to the second-floor landing when their time comes
to enter "Matisse in His Time."&nbsp;She recommended visitors
arrive&nbsp;about&nbsp;15 minutes before their Matisse ticket time&nbsp;to
ensure they can&nbsp;find parking&nbsp;and&nbsp;maneuver through downtown street
construction.Discounted tickets are available for active military members,
seniors, students and children. Discounted student and military tickets must be
purchased in person, rather than online, and valid identification is
required.Museum members&nbsp;receive free admission to the exhibit, but still
are encouraged to reserve tickets in advance. Group tours are available at a
discounted ticket price for groups of 15 or more. Reservations must be made in
advance at 278-8213.

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Calif. judge recommends Comcast-Time Warner deal - with conditions

BYLINE: By Bob Fernandez; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 463 words


A California judge has recommended that state regulators approve Comcast Corp.'s
proposed acquisition of Time Warner Cable Inc., a first for the megadeal by a
major government entity.

But the recommendation comes with a list of conditions that would tighten
regulation on the Philadelphia cable-TV giant and expand its discounted
broadband service for low-income families.

Comcast's $10-a-month discounted service, available nationally in Comcast cable
franchise areas, is now restricted to poor families with schoolchildren.

Administrative Law Judge Karl J. Bemesderfer proposed Friday that Comcast target
all low-income households in California, or those with incomes below 150 percent
of federal poverty level, for the service, called Internet Essentials.

Bemesderfer also said Comcast should enroll 45 percent of eligible California
households in Internet Essentials within two years of the Comcast/Time Warner
Cable's deal closing. Comcast, he added in the decision, should spend $275 per
eligible household on marketing it so people know about it.

Critics have said that few low-income families know the program exists, and
Comcast has said that it is difficult to get low-income families to enroll in
Internet Essentials and that its competitors do not offer similar discounted
services for low-income subscribers.

Comcast serves the Silicon Valley and Northern California. Time Warner Cable
serves Los Angeles and Southern California.

Mary Anne Ostrom, spokeswoman for the nonprofit California Emerging Technology
Fund, which lobbied for conditions, said the group was pleased with
Bemesderfer's decision.

"We are having a strategy meeting in the next hour to make sure these
recommendations hold," Ostrom said earlier this week.

Comcast executive vice president David Cohen wrote in a blog post last week that
Bemesderfer's decision was an "important step" in the regulatory process. But he
added that some conditions could intrude on the company's business or were
unrealistic.

"Some of the penetration rates and time frames suggested by the conditions are
simply unattainable under market conditions, especially with populations that
have been slowest to adopt broadband," Cohen wrote.

Bemesderfer's other conditions concerned diversity in Comcast/Time Warner Cable
sourcing of goods and services, backup batteries for new Comcast/Time Warner
Cable subscribers with Internet-connected phone service, and customer
satisfaction.

The California Public Utilities Commission could vote on Bemesderfer's decision
at its March 26 meeting.

The Comcast/Time Warner Cable deal, announced last February, also is under
regulatory review by the Justice Department, the Federal Communications
Commission, and New York regulators.

bfernandez@phillynews.com

215-854-5897 @bobfernandez1


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Agency offering Fort Bliss soldiers discounts for travel, amusement parks

BYLINE: By David Burge \ El Paso Times

SECTION: ZONES

LENGTH: 596 words


An organization that serves as a travel and ticket agency for Fort Bliss
soldiers and their families has moved across the sprawling installation, but
it's still offering military families discounted travel and amusement park
tickets.

Leisure Travel Services moved its main office from West Fort Bliss to the
Roberto Loeza Soldier Activity Center, 20732 Constitution, when the new facility
opened in August.

Leisure Travel Services is part of Family and Morale, Welfare and Recreation and
was previously known as Information, Ticketing and Registration, or ITR.

It sells discounted tickets for amusement parks in Texas, California, Florida
and other parks by request, said Shawnna Barrientos, assistant business manager
for Leisure Travel Services at Fort Bliss.

The organization also books cruises and different types of vacation packages,
which include air travel, hotel accommodations and a rental car. The cruises and
vacation packages are discounted at least 10 percent, Barrientos said.

The service is open to active-duty service members, military retirees, their
families and Department of Defense civilian employees.

It is meant to be convenient for soldiers and their families, who don't have to
go off post to book vacations, Barrientos said. They can also save money by
using the service, she added.

"We just want them to know we are out there," Barrientos said. "We've posted it
everywhere that we've moved. We want military families to take advantage of our
services. Some people don't even know that Leisure Travel Services exists."

While Leisure Travel Services has moved its main office to the growing eastern
part of the installation, it still has a presence on West Bliss. It operates a
kiosk at Freedom Crossing.

That smaller location also sells discounted amusement park tickets and includes
a Ticketmaster outlet.

The main office on East Bliss hopes to add a Ticketmaster outlet in the near
future to go with its other full-service offerings, Barrientos said.

The Fort Bliss community can use both both locations to sign up to sell their
privately owned vehicles on the post in a designated resale lot.

The fee is $15 per 30 days per car with a limit of two cars in a calendar year.

Denise Noel is married to retired Sgt. Maj. Ramzy Noel. She used the Leisure
Travel Services office for the first time earlier this week to plan a cruise for
next summer.

"It's easy access," she said. "You don't have to go off post. The prices are
amazing."

Military families make a lot of sacrifices, especially during deployments, Noel
said. This is just another perk for their service, she said.

Leisure Travel Services sells tickets for such destinations as Disneyland,
Knotts Berry Farm, Magic Mountain and Universal Studios in California; the
Schlitterbahn, Sea World and Six Flags in Texas; and Disneyworld and Legoland in
Florida.

It also sells discounted tickets for local attractions like Western Playland,
Wet "N" Wild Water World, Adventure Zone and Diablos baseball games.


Plan a vacation
The main Leisure Travel Services office is at 20732 Constitution in the Roberto
Loeza Soldier Activity Center.Its hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through
Friday; closed from 1 to 2 p.m. for lunch. It is open 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. on
Saturday. It is open on training holidays, except when announced, but is closed
on holidays.A second location is at Freedom Crossing. This location is open 10
a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Saturday but is closed for lunch from 2 to 2:30
p.m. It is also open on most training holidays but closed on
holidays.Information: East Bliss, 744-1522; West Bliss, 569-6446.

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Shawnna Barrientos, right, went over a cruise brochure with Denise Noel
Monday at Fort Bliss.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 29, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Airport Check-in;
Every Monday

BYLINE: Harriet Baskas

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 624 words


PORTLAND, ORE.

Valet parking gets even handier

Portland International Airport now offers travelers Gold Key Valet parking
service. Passengers can drop off their cars, keys and return-flight itineraries
at a booth on the roadway in front of the departures level of the terminal and
find their vehicles waiting for them when they return. The price is $30 a day.
Reservations are not required. The valet drop-off is in the outer lane of the
upper terminal roadway.

DALLAS/FORT WORTH

Get your discounted parking here

Dallas/Fort Worth passengers who want to park close to the terminal this fall
are in luck. Travelers parking at the airport will be able to get coupons for
discounted parking at $17-a-day terminal lots as they exit the toll plaza. The
coupons will allow them to park for $10 a day at the close-in lots on a future
visit. Coupons will be distributed Oct. 29-Nov. 11 and can be used through Dec.
15.

SAN DIEGO

Fliers can get jazzed before their flights

San Diego International has announced that the 2008 season of its popular
Terminal Jazz Performance concerts will kick off on Nov. 9 with local jazz
artist Dave Scott, who is also the weatherman on San Diego City College's KUSI
Channel 51. Performances are 7-9:15 pm. in the Terminal 2 baggage claim area
every second Friday. The series offers an eclectic mix of bands performing jazz,
swing, bebop, funk and more.

There's also a fresh 2008 schedule for the airport's Solo Artist Series of
concerts at 4:30-6:45 p.m. the fourth Friday of each month in the Terminal 1
baggage claim area.

Both series are free and accessible to ticketed passengers as well as greeters.

The musical theme at San Diego extends to a new exhibit of Taylor Guitars
beginning Nov. 15 in the Commuter Terminal lobby. Based in nearby El Cajon,
Taylor is a well-known manufacturer of high-end acoustic, acoustic/electric and
electric guitars favored by musicians such as Prince and Dave Matthews.

MINNEAPOLIS

Commission seeks kennel proposals

The Metropolitan Airports Commission  is inviting businesses to propose plans
for a 24-hour pet kennel to be built on land owned by the Minneapolis-St. Paul
International Airport. The services would include day care, overnight boarding
and grooming for cats and dogs and could open for business as early as spring.
The facility would let travelers drop off their pets and their cars, then board
a shuttle to the airport.

SIOUX CITY, IOWA

Turning lemons into marketing lemonade

Airport director Rick McElroy says news reports about the airport's new
marketing campaign are no hoax.

For years, local officials asked the Federal Aviation Administration to change
the airport's SUX three-letter airport identifier to something less, well,
embarrassing. Now the airport is celebrating its code with a brash new slogan,
"Fly SUX," as well as a new website (flysux.com) and a line of Fly SUX-printed
T-shirts and caps.

Until recently, Sioux Gateway Airport was served by only a few Northwest
Airlines flights to Minneapolis. Now, Frontier Airlines has added service to
Denver.

"It was supposed to be local campaign to raise awareness about new services and
lower fares," says McElroy. "But now the whole world knows about us."

LOS ANGELES

Encounter Restaurant reopens Nov. 15

Closed since March for repairs, the intergalactic-themed Encounter Restaurant
atop the landmark Theme Building in the middle of Los Angeles International
Airport will reopen Nov. 15. The carpeting and the lava lamps are  new, but the
"California Fresh" cuisine, The Jetsons-inspired decor, Space Cadet kids' menu
and groovy elevator theme music remain. Encounter Restaurant will be open for
lunch daily from 11 a.m. until 4 p.m. but will be open for dinner only on Friday
and Saturday evenings until business picks back up.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jay Berkowitz

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2007 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           December 4, 2002 Wednesday

CompSource Oklahoma, Blue Cross reach agreement for discounted services

BYLINE: Ray Carter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 314 words


CompSource Oklahoma, the state's largest provider of workers compensation
benefits, has an agreement with Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma designed
to reduce medical costs for policyholders, it was announced Tuesday.

Providers in the Blue Cross and Blue Shield network have agreed to
pre-negotiated, discounted fees for their services resulting in access to
discounted services for CompSource Oklahoma policyholders with no loss of
service to injured workers. The agreement with Blue Cross and Blue Shield will
give workers compensation patients covered by CompSource Oklahoma access to the
discounted services.

"Escalating medical costs are a major driver within the workers compensation
system in Oklahoma and nationwide," said CompSource Oklahoma President and CEO
Terry McCullar. "The discounts offered through Blue Cross and Blue Shield's
network help to reduce costs while not sacrificing health care quality."

Savings through this relationship with Blue Cross and Blue Shield are expected
to begin in early 2003.

CompSource Oklahoma provides workers compensation coverage for virtually all
Oklahoma state government agencies and 26,000 private employers in Oklahoma.

"Partnerships between public and private organizations are essential in
controlling rising health care costs," said Ron King, chairman, CEO and
president of Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Oklahoma. "As Oklahoma's largest
private health insurer, we're pleased to be working with Oklahoma's largest
workers compensation insurer toward our common goal of high-quality affordable
health care."

CompSource Oklahoma, formerly the State Insurance Fund, was created in 1933 to
provide an avenue for Oklahoma employers to obtain workers compensation coverage
at reasonable rates. CompSource Oklahoma is a nonprofit, self-supporting and
self-sustaining agency operating without state appropriations.

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2002 Dolan Media Newswires
                                All Rights Reserved


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 27, 2015 Friday

New York: Moody's: No rating impact on Driver Master S.A., Compartment 1 from
proposed Tap Issuance

LENGTH: 462 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: Moody's Investors Service has issued the following news release:



  Moody's announced today that the proposed purchase of additional receivables
funded by the increase of existing notes' size (the "Tap Issuance"), would not,
in and of itself and as of this time, result in the downgrade or withdrawal of
the ratings on the issued debt of Driver Master S.A., Compartment 1 (the
"Issuer").





 On 25 November 2015, the Issuer will purchase additional receivables with an
outstanding discounted balance of EUR 381 million at a purchase price of 99.4%.
This will - together with the replenished assets of the October period
(approximately EUR 19 million outstanding discounted balance) - increase the
overall asset pool to approximately EUR 1,133 million outstanding discounted
balance. The pool of new assets closely aligns to the initial pool in terms of
pool characteristics.



 The purchase of the new receivables will be funded by the issuance of
additional notes under the existing series of notes. The sum of the outstanding
Class A notes will increase by EUR 343.6 million to EUR 1,020.1 million. The sum
of the outstanding Class B notes will increase by EUR 16.0 million to EUR 47.5
million. In addition, the subordinated loan will be increased by EUR 19.1
million to EUR 56.6 million. The additional notes will not elevate the
outstanding series' amounts above their respective maximum issuance amounts. The
credit enhancement levels, in percentage terms, of the Class A and Class B notes
will not be reduced by the Tap Issuance.



 Moody's has determined that the Amendments, in and of itself and at this time,
will not result in the downgrade or withdrawal of the ratings on the issued debt
of the Issuer. However, Moody's opinion addresses only the credit impact
associated with the proposed Amendments, and Moody's is not expressing any
opinion as to whether the Amendments have, or could have, other non-credit
related effects that may have a detrimental impact on the interests of holders
of rated obligations and/or counterparties.



 The last rating action for Driver Master S.A., Compartment 1 was the assignment
of definitive ratings on 27 July 2015.



 The principal methodology used in these ratings was "Moody's Global Approach to
Rating Auto Loan- and Lease-Backed ABS" published in January 2015. Please see
the Credit Policy page on www.moodys.com for a copy of this methodology.



 This publication does not announce a credit rating action. For any credit
ratings referenced in this publication, please see the ratings tab on the
issuer/entity page on www.moodys.com for the most updated credit rating action
information and rating history.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            February 27, 2005 Sunday
                                  City Edition

Bad medicine;
Hospital bill takes wrong approach

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 520 words


MEDIA outlets give volume discounts to frequent advertisers. Automobile dealers
give volume discounts to companies that buy fleets of vehicles rather than one
car at a time. The concept of volume discounts is well established for both
providers and consumers.

Imagine a law forcing car dealers to sell all vehicles at the same price they
sell them to buyers of entire fleets -- but only if the customer makes $75,000 a
year or less. That would be similar to the effect of Senate Bill 848, which has
nothing to do with cars.

Instead, this misguided bill would force hospitals to sell services to most
uninsured patients at the same rate they do to volume purchasers who negotiate a
discounted rate with the hospitals. State Sen. Tom Adelson, D-Tulsa, believes
his bill would "level the playing field between the insured and the uninsured."
In fact, it could lead to an increase in the number of uninsured Oklahomans. It
would certainly slap artificial price controls on hospitals.

Adelson is a freshman in the Senate. His agenda may be popular with constituents
in the district he won narrowly last fall. But it is anti-business -- and, in
this instance, anti-consumer -- to the core. He also wants to artificially set
the rate of wages that Oklahoma businesses must pay. Now he wants to dictate
what hospitals can charge certain customers.

SB 848 would require the discounted volume rate be the maximum that could be
charged uninsured patients who earn up to 400 percent of the federal poverty
rate. A family of four with a household income of up to $75,400 a year would be
eligible.

Pricing policies at hospitals are complex. They reflect the fact that millions
of dollars of unpaid bills are written off each year because of patients who
can't pay and, in some cases, patients who refuse to pay. Cost-shifting is
common.

A class-action lawsuit filed last year against a large Oklahoma City hospital,
among other defendants, claims that it's unfair for hospitals to engage in
volume discounting to insurance companies. This is despite the fact that
uninsured plaintiffs in the lawsuit have paid little or nothing on their
hospital bills and likely never will.

Hospital officials are keenly aware that the public will judge them on how they
care for patients who can't pay. But the complexity of pricing policies can't be
overcome by simplistic, feel good solutions such as Adelson's.

A likely effect of extending mandatory discounted rates to families earning up
to $75,000 a year is that their employers will drop or reduce their insurance
coverage. Some employers will reason that the workers can get the hospital's
lowest rate without coverage.

If hospitals are forced to match nondiscounted rates to discounted ones, they
may have to raise the rates for all. That's easier said than done: Hospitals are
in competition for patients. Insured patients and their employers who benefit
from negotiated rates could thus be the biggest losers if SB 848 becomes law.

We find no joy in criticizing any attempt to help lower-income and uninsured
Oklahomans. But this is the wrong way to do it. Its unintended consequences
could be pervasive and severe.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            January 24, 2011 Monday

Edgewood Capital Advisors Finances the Discounted Note Payoff and Lease-Up of a
92,672 Square Foot Class A Office Building in Portland, Oregon

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Jan. 24 -- Edgewood Capital recently financed the discounted payoff of
a performing first mortgage loan secured by a 92,672 square foot LEED-certified
Class A office building in Portland, Oregon. The $8.1 million financing enabled
the borrower to move quickly to take advantage of a year-end discounted
repayment offer from the construction lender. According to Jon Levirne, a
Managing Director of Edgewood, "our non-recourse product and flexible loan
structure enabled us to finance a first class asset for a first class borrower."

The building, which was completed in July 2009, is substantially vacant with
only one tenant in occupancy. The new debt level significantly reduces the
borrower's basis, allowing for the re-pricing of the vacant space to meet market
demand. Having developed the building, the borrower has extensive knowledge of
the property and has invested additional new equity to recapitalize the project.
Edgewood's three-year loan provides reserves to pay interest, cover operating
shortfalls and fund tenant improvements and leasing commissions.

In this period of tightened liquidity and deleveraging of the financial system,
Edgewood's note finance and bridge lending program helps borrowers and investors
take advantage of the current discounts available in the marketplace.
"Edgewood's streamlined approach and structuring experience, along with our
ability to close in a short two weeks, offers a distinct advantage over our
competitors," explains Michael House, a Managing Director of Edgewood Capital.

About Edgewood Capital

Formed in 2002, Edgewood Capital is a real estate private equity firm
specializing in bridge lending, loan acquisitions and value-add real estate
investments. Edgewood is currently investing capital through its fourth fund
which is geared towards distressed debt and REO financing. The firm is targeting
$200 million of originations in 2011. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query with respect to this article or
any other content requirement, please contact Editor at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                           December 26, 2013 Thursday

Marin shoppers make returns, hunt for post-holiday sales

BYLINE: By Megan Hansen Marin Independent Journal

SECTION: NEWS; Business

LENGTH: 633 words


Shoppers were out in full force Thursday throughout Marin County, returning
unwanted Christmas gifts and hunting for post-holiday sales.

Retail sales throughout the nation from Nov. 1 to Dec. 24 increased 3.5 percent
from last year, according to a report from MasterCard SpendingPulse, but many
people aren't quite ready to wrap up the holiday shopping season.

Dominique Meneynard of Marinwood is one of those shoppers. She and her daughter
left Target in San Rafael on Thursday with multiple rolls of discounted wrapping
paper and a 4-foot-tall plastic Christmas tree half off its normal price.

"We came to return gifts and then look for the Christmas sales and get ready for
next year," Meneynard said.

Shopper after shopper exited Target's doors with discounted items, almost all of
them carrying festive holiday wrapping paper. Target and other retailers are
offering deep discounts in an effort to make room for spring merchandise
including heart-themed items for Valentine's Day that are already filling
shelves.

Gift-wrap paper was the only item on Peter Thorne's shopping list Thursday. The
Mill Valley resident succeeded in his annual post-Christmas quest to find cheap
wrapping paper, scoring some colorful rolls at Target.

"We were low on wrapping paper and it's a lot cheaper than it was before,"
Thorne said.

Next door to Target, shoppers were busy scouring the shelves at Home Depot for
discounted holiday items.

Eric Moayedi of San Rafael left the store with two discounted Christmas flamingo
lawn ornaments, complete with Santa Claus hats and holiday lights. He said his
Christmas lights display takes two days to set up and keeps growing every year
as he buys more discounted decorations.

"I come every year to get more Christmas stuff after Christmas," Moayedi said.

While many shoppers took to brick and mortar stores, others logged on to the
Internet to find big post-holiday sales. Online shopping accounts for about 10
percent of all retail sales during the last three months of the year, and the
practice is increasing in popularity.

On Christmas Day alone, online sales surged 16.5 percent from last year,
according to IBM Digital Analytics Benchmark. In addition, online sales jumped
37 percent from the year before during the last shopping weekend before
Christmas. Online retailerAmazon.com announced Thursday that it had its best
holiday season ever.

In-store holiday spending is projected to be the lowest since 2008, according to
the International Council of Shopping Centers. But that didn't stop some
shoppers from hitting the pavement, ready to take home their items immediately.

Santa Rosa residents Carolyn Colclough and Sandy Cole made a whole day out of
the post-holiday discounts, traveling to Marin to shop at Macy's, Sears and
Michael's. The trunk of their car was filled to the brim with shopping bags and
a Christmas-themed artificial flower arrangement from Michael's.

"We were able to find excellent deals. We're very happy," Cole said.

Colclough said she found items, such as cotton batting, deeply discounted and
figured it was a good idea to stock up while it's on sale   even if that means
spending more money after the costly holidays.

"We did something. We did damage," Colclough said, referring to their wallets.

Outside the Northgate mall in San Rafael, Dave Wallis of Novato enjoyed a cup of
coffee after finding discounts at Macy's. He said the post-holiday sales came at
just the right time for his family.

"My son is going off to college in January, so we got some bedding on a
door-buster sale at Macy's," Wallis said.

Contact Megan Hansen via email atmhansen@marinij.com or via Twitter
athttp://twitter.com/hansenmegan . Follow her blog
athttp://blogs.marinij.com/bureaucratsandbaking . The Associated Press and Bay
Area News Group contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Eric Moayadi of San Rafael pushes his cart of Christmas items as he
leaves Home Depot in San Rafael, Calif. on Thursday, Dec. 26, 2013. (Alan
Dep/Marin Independent Journal) Alan Dep
Shoppers pass discounted Christmas decorations as they leave Michaels in San
Rafael, Calif. on Thursday, Dec. 26, 2013. (Alan Dep/Marin Independent Journal)
Alan Dep
Bruce Maglione of San Rafael carries an arm full of discounted wrapping paper
after shopping at Target in San Rafael, Calif. on Thursday, Dec. 26, 2013. (Alan
Dep/Marin Independent Journal) Alan Dep

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 8, 2004 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Theater

BYLINE: By BEN BRANTLEY

SECTION: Section E; PT1; Column 5; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; THE
LISTINGS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 293 words



A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy Broadway and Off
Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. *
denotes a highly recommended show.
+ means discounted tickets were available at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS
booth for performances last Friday and Saturday nights.
++ means discounted tickets were at the TKTS booth for last Friday night only.
+++ means discounted tickets were at the TKTS booth for last Saturday night
only. Full reviews of current shows, additional listings, showtimes and tickets:
nytimes.com/theater.

Off Broadway

*+ 'GUANTANAMO: ''HONOR BOUND TO DEFEND FREEDOM'' ' On an anxious night, you
have probably had a dream that goes something like this: You are arrested by
uniformed officers for a crime that is never specified but that you know you did
not commit, and there is no way for you to prove your innocence. Such a scenario
was immortalized by Franz Kafka in ''The Trial.'' It is also the real-life
situation of Jamal al-Harith, Bisher al-Rawi, Mozzam Begg and Ruel Ahmed. Their
stories are told with a bafflement that shades into gut-level despair in this
deeply moving documentary play by Victoria Brittain and Gillian Slovo. First
produced in London by the Tricycle Theater, this calmly condemning drama
considers the plights of some of the British detainees in Guantanamo Bay, Cuba.
There is no question that it is a partisan work, but it exerts an icy visceral
charge that is never achieved by flashier agitprop satire, like Tim Robbins's
Bush-bashing ''Embedded'' (1:45). Culture Project, 45 Bleecker Street Theater,
Greenwich Village, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays through Saturdays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesday, Saturdays and Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $60.   BEN BRANTLEY


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

             September 24, 1988, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

Hunting for Bargain Flights by Alternate Routes

SECTION: Section 1; Page 26, Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 406 words


To the Editor:

In ''A Secret Way to Fly Cheaper'' (Op-Ed, Aug. 28), Jay Angoff states, ''Each
major airline now dominates at least one major airport.'' He maintains that
''The lack of competition at these hub airports allows the dominant airline to
charge passengers traveling just to its hub much more than it can charge
passengers traveling through the hub to other airports where there is more
competition.''

In support, he offers some examples. But his examples don't stand up to
scrutiny:

*  The $230 Northwest Airlines New York-to-Detroit flight is for the highest
priced Y (coach) fare, whereas the $200 New York-Lansing flight is a discounted
BA3 advance purchase fare. That's like determining the price of eggs by
ascertaining the cost of wheat.

*  His high fare for Continental's Washington-Denver route is for the totally
unrestricted Y fare. He compares it with the discounted advance purchase fare to
Los Angeles. The comparable advance purchase Washington-Denver fare is $149 -
not $395.

*  For T.W.A. flights to Los Angeles through St. Louis, again the most expensive
class of service short of first class is used for the example of the cost of
each leg of the trip, but the lowest available fare is used for the through
flight.

*  The last example is USAir Flight 116 from San Francisco to Washington via
Pittsburgh. He gives $520 for the through flight, but the highest coach fare I
was able to find is only $345. More to the point, that flight is also available
discounted for $248, so he needn't get off the plane in Pittsburgh.

Part of the author's argument is that it is cheaper to book to the farthest
point and get off early at the preferred destination, rather than buy a ticket
for his real destination in the first place. This may sometimes be true, but not
for discounted round-trip flights.

The example of Delta's flight from Washington to Los Angeles through Salt Lake
City makes my point. He can book the round-trip flight and get off at Salt Lake
City, but his return flight will be canceled if he fails to board in Los Angeles
for the return portion.

I do not argue in defense of the airlines, nor do I embrace the practice of
unrestricted airline mergers and acquisitions, which I consider especially
damaging to the air-travel system. I do object, however, to badly researched
data.

ROBERT G. FABER
  Ann Arbor, Mich., Sept. 1, 1988

The writer is a travel agent.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1988 The New York Times Company


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                          February 18, 2004 Wednesday

Vets can get breaks for monument rite

LENGTH: 92 words


World War II veterans and their spouses are eligible for discounted airfare to
attend the dedication of a monument in their honor.

The "Tribute to a Generation" dedication in Washington, D.C., will take place
during the Memorial Day holiday. Discounted hotel rates are also available for
veterans.

The Utah Division of Veterans' Affairs is funding the gift to honor the service
Utah veterans gave to the country during the war.

Call the Utah Division of Veterans' Affairs to register at 800-894-9497. The
deadline for discounted airfare deposits is Feb. 25.

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 27, 2001 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

THEATER GUIDE

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg.
5

LENGTH: 1223 words


A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy Broadway and
Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. *
denotes a highly recommended show.
+ means discounted tickets were at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for
performances last Friday and Saturday nights.
++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for last Friday
night only.
+++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for performances
last Saturday night only.

Broadway

+ "BLAST!" One ends up feeling bad about criticizing the nice young men and
women whose Vegas-friendly enhancements of drum-and-bugle corps routines make up
this alleged extravaganza. Mostly in their 20's, they are brass players and
percussionists, dancers and jugglers, a glowingly good-looking bunch, and
irrepressibly cheery, too. But it is hard to shake the notion that this is a
halftime show -- complete with flag-waving, party-colored lighting and broad,
bland choreography -- that has wandered onto Broadway by mistake, as if it had
gotten lost on the way to the stadium. (1:45). Broadway Theater, 1681 Broadway
at 53rd Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $25 to $80
(Bruce Weber).


++ "FOLLIES." The ardently anticipated revival of "Follies," the first Broadway
production since the original of 1971, certainly gets you thinking about the
souring effects of time and of roads not taken. What is widely remembered as a
ravishing musical elegy for an era in American show business has resurfaced as a
small, bleak pedestrian tale of two unhappy marriages. The magic was always in
Stephen Sondheim's music, which brilliantly reinflected song styles of the past.
Matthew Warchus's pale, strangely tentative production shifts the emphasis to
James Goldman's brittle book. This is not what is known as playing to one's
strengths. The cast memorably includes fabled veterans like Joan Roberts, Donald
Saddler and Polly Bergen. But in the four principal roles, Blythe Danner,
Gregory Harrison, Judith Ivey and Treat Williams come across as reluctant
revelers on a scavenger hunt forced to look for the characters they have been
asked to portray (2:45). Belasco, 111 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200. Mondays,
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8
p.m. Tickets: $45 to $90 (Ben Brantley).

* "THE INVENTION OF LOVE." Tom Stoppard's dazzling exercise in metabiography
takes us to hell, Oxford and the Edwardian corridors of power to explore the
life of A. E. Housman, the poet ("A Shropshire Lad") and classicist. And while
the work is steeped in the Stoppardian principle that cleverness is next to
godliness -- and crammed with cultural and historical arcana -- it is entirely
possible to revel in this time-traveling fantasia about art, memory and
homosexuality without getting every reference. Mr. Stoppard is an outrageous
showoff, determined to charm and amuse. And the director, Jack O'Brien, borrows
from burlesque and the music hall to bring out the liveliness in the remarkably
fine cast, led by Richard Easton and Robert Sean Leonard as the older and
younger Housmans. The production finds the ache of wistfulness beneath the
intellectual glitter (2:45). Lyceum, 149 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8
p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $40 to $70 (Brantley).

* "THE PRODUCERS." How do you single out highlights in a bonfire? Anyone who
sees this sublimely ridiculous show is going to be hard pressed to name a
favorite moment. (Is it the singing pigeons? Adolf Hitler doing Judy Garland?)
Mel Brooks's wildly energetic stage adaptation of his 1968 cult movie is as full
of gags, gadgets and gimmicks as a master vaudevillian's trunk. But the
production is so much more than the sum of its gorgeously silly parts. It is, to
put it simply, the real thing: a big Broadway book musical so ecstatically drunk
on its powers to entertain that it leaves you delirious, too. With the inspired
assistance of the director and choreographer Susan Stroman and the happiest cast
in town, led by Nathan Lane and Matthew Broderick in the performances of their
careers, Mr. Brooks has put on a show that is a valentine to every show there
is, good and bad, about putting on a show (2:45). St. James, 246 West 44th
Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8
p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $30 to $100 (Brantley).

Off Broadway

*+++ "LACKAWANNA BLUES." This childhood reminiscence, written and performed by
Ruben Santiago-Hudson, is unlike a lot of inaugural literary ventures in that it
was composed more out of reflection than angst. There is no soul-searching, no
brooding; the playwright isn't even the main character. Instead, the play
focuses on the woman who reared him, Rachel Crosby, who owned a rooming house in
Lackawanna, N.Y. Through the eyes of 20 or so characters, the author presents
Miss Rachel as tough, energetic, principled and saintly. It's an idealized
portrayal but performed with marvelous subtlety and rare humility. It is an
unashamed work of thanks, admirable and winning because of how un-self-conscious
it is (1:15). Public, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village, (212) 239-6200.
Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m.
Tickets: $45 (Weber).

+ "TROILUS AND CRESSIDA." A sluggish, unilluminating production, directed by Sir
Peter Hall, of perhaps Shakespeare's most linguistically sophisticated play and
one of his most bitterly satirical. "Troilus and Cressida" is a sort of
backstage drama, a tale of the bickering and backbiting that fester behind
public presentation. It's a love story set in the seventh year of the Trojan
War, but the focus is on folly, not grandeur. It has the potential for wicked
hilarity and grandiose disdain for hubris and its potentially tragic
consequences, but Sir Peter, who admitted to being focused first and foremost on
Shakespeare's language, has presented more of a lesson in diction than anything
else (3:30). American Place, 111 West 46th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays
through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m.
Tickets: $55 (Weber).

Last Chance

"REFERENCES TO SALVADOR DALI MAKE ME HOT." Jose Rivera's characters tend to live
in a world where magical and concrete forces coexist, where life's anchoring
burdens do battle with uncommonly potent wishes and dreams. In his latest work,
Mr. Rivera visits this conflict on a young woman named Gabriela, displaced from
the South Bronx to Barstow, Calif., where her husband, a soldier, has been
stationed after the Persian Gulf war. And the result is a tense marital drama
played amid anthropomorphic fantasies and celestial dreams. The juxtaposition of
realism and surrealism is more jarring than it means to be, but the play is a
piquing, if tangled, nest of ideas. And with Rosie Perez working out her stage
chops as Gabriela, and the volcanic John Ortiz as her husband, the actors'
chemistry has its fascinations, too (2:00). Public, 425 Lafayette Street, East
Village, (212) 239-6200. Through Sunday. Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 p.m.;
Sunday at 2 p.m. Tickets: $45 (Weber).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             June 26, 2007 Tuesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

Brown & Crouppen VIP card offers discounts beyond law

BYLINE: JOE WHITTINGTON

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 500 words


Like to get 20 percent off a foot or back rub? A week of unlimited tanning for
$9.88 (level 1 beds only)? How about a discount on that multimillion-dollar
personal injury award you're seeking?

Brown & Crouppen's VIP Platinum Card offers them all.

The law firm known for its prolific advertising not only offers services from
St. Louis and Kansas City area merchants, but it has sent out letters for
cut-rate legal services.

"Congratulations," one such letter dated in March reads. By coming in to see us
today, you have become eligible for a discounted fee on any future case that we
may handle for you.

"The types of cases this discount apply (sic) to are medical malpractice,
personal injury, workers' compensation, Social Security disability and dangerous
drug litigation. If you have any doubts about the area of law included in our
practice, please call us and we can help you to find out if the discounted fee
will apply.

"Please keep the enclosed platinum VIP card. Presenting this card to us in the
future will help identify you as being eligible for the discounted fee."

The letter continues, "If someone you know is in need of an attorney, give them
this card and have them write their name on the top line. If they come in and we
represent them, they, too, will be entitled to a discount on their legal fees."

Principal Terry Crouppen, the spokesman in most of the firm's ads, did not
return a call asking for comment on how successful the marketing campaign has
been.

"There is a prohibition in Missouri for giving something of value in exchange
for a referral," said Sarah Rittman, ethics counsel for the Missouri Bar. "This
doesn't do that exactly. You can give a discount, and this is what the letter
says is being given."

JUST US GIRLS: Rhodey & Son Construction Co. celebrated 35 years in business
Friday at the World's Fair Pavilion, with 290 guests.

The 50-employee company founded by John Rhodey is actually owned by daughter Pam
Duffy, and the late founder's son has never run the company.

"My brother was 8 when my father started the company, and he always thought he
would take it over, but he wasn't interested in that," said Duffy.

"I guess Rhodey & Girls would be a better name, since my sister Debbie Rhodey
and my daughter MacKenzie also work here."

Duffy has a radio and journalism degree from the University of Missouri-Columbia
but has always worked at the company, taking it over after getting her MBA in
1999.

The firm has done work for Mallinckrodt for 16 years, and has built $10 million
and $12 million buildings.

RETAIL AT THE CRESCENT: The Crescent Condominiums that shares a circular drive
with the Ritz-Carlton in Clayton has a first-floor retail lineup.

Brad Beracha and Frank Romano will go together on the Araka restaurant and wine
lounge; and Kaldi's Coffeehouse will add a spot.

Also included are a gourmet market called Extra Virgin, An Olive Ovation LLC;
children's clothing boutique Sweet Petunia; a Pulaski Bank; and the fashion
boutique, gift shop and décor center Lusso.

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 10, 2005 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Fare War Erupts Online With Deep Discount for US Airways Shuttle

BYLINE: Keith L. Alexander, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: Financial; D01

LENGTH: 251 words


US Airways began an Internet fare war yesterday on the coveted New York shuttle
market by slashing its fares 44 percent.

The airline cut its round-trip fares to $138 from $248. The discounts, good for
travel any day of the week, are aimed at travelers who book ahead. Tickets must
be purchased 21 days in advance, and travel must include a minimum one-night
stay. The discounted tickets are available only on the airline's Web site. The
same fares are available between New York and Boston.

By cutting shuttle fares, US Airways Group Inc. is aiming squarely at its
biggest East Coast competitors: Delta Air Lines Inc., which also operates a New
York shuttle, and Amtrak.

A Delta spokeswoman said the airline would be competitive. A Web search found a
round-trip Delta ticket between Washington and New York purchased 21 days in
advance was about $141.

The fare for Amtrak's regional train  --  $126 round trip  --  is slightly lower
than US Airways' discounted fares on advance-purchase tickets.

Most shuttle tickets are bought at the last minute by business travelers, who
typically pay at least twice the discounted fare.

Separately, US Airways cut its weekend round-trip shuttle fares by 60 percent
for this weekend and the next as part of its annual holiday sale. The $98
tickets don't require advance purchase but must be bought at the airline's Web
site. Travelers can leave anytime today and return today or by 5 p.m. Sunday.

The discount fares are nonrefundable and exclude taxes and  fees.

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             October 5, 2008 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. P03

LENGTH: 883 words

LAND

Â· Several bed-and-breakfast inns in the Atlantic City area are offering
discounted rates through Oct. 31. For example, the Atlantis Inn Luxury Bed &
Breakfast (609-399-9871, http://www.atlantisinn.com) in Ocean City, N.J., has
rates starting at $175 per night for three-night-minimum stays Monday-Thursday
(longer stays are further discounted), a savings of at least $120 a night. Taxes
are an extra 12 percent. Five other inns are offering similar discounts. Info:
http://www.atlanticcitynj.com/visitors/accommodations/hotel_packages.

Â· Save 20 percent at the Horseshoe Canyon Ranch in Jasper, Ark., for stays in
October. Rate starts at $144 a night per adult double after discount, a savings
of $72 per couple (lower rates for children). Also, weeklong stays are $776 per
adult double, a savings of $194. Price covers accommodations in modern log
cabins, three daily meals and activities, including horseback riding, skeet
shooting, zip-line rides, catch-and-release fishing and rock climbing. Info:
800-480-9635, http://www.gohcr.com.

Â· Sandos Hotels & Resorts in Playa del Carmen, Mexico, have discounted their
rates on all-inclusive packages for travel Nov. 1-Dec. 20. Daily rates in
November at Sandos Caracol Beach Resort & Spa, for example, start at $81 per
person double, a savings of $34. Rates start at $93 per person double (savings
of $38) at Sandos Playacar Beach Resort and $95 (savings of $36) at Sandos
Playacar Riviera Hotel & Spa. Prices include beverages and meals. Book by Oct.
31. Info: 866-887-5601, http://www.sandoshotels.com.

SEA

Â· Holland America has discounted the fares on a 14-night Southern Caribbean
cruise from Fort Lauderdale departing Jan. 9. Price starts at $1,099 per person
double (plus $126 per-person fuel surcharge and $111 port charges), a savings of
$600. The cruise aboard the Maasdam visits 10 islands, including Dominica,
Barbados, St. Lucia and St. Maarten. To book, call 877-724-5425. Cruise info:
http://www.hollandamerica.com.

Â· Save $650 per person on a Treasures of the Danube cruise aboard the MV
Mozart. General Tours World Traveler is offering the deal on the Nov. 2
departure of the seven-night cruise. Price is $2,299 per person double for an
upper-deck outside cabin. Fare includes seven escorted shore excursions, fuel
surcharge and taxes. The ship travels round trip from Passau, Germany, and stops
in several cities, including Vienna and Budapest. Info: 800-221-2216,
http://www.generaltours.com.

Â· Windstar Cruises has discounted by $500 per person a 14-night Panama Canal
cruise departing Nov. 29 from Barbados. Price is $3,799 per person double, plus
$255 taxes and $10-per-day fuel surcharge. The 148-passenger Wind Star sailing
ship visits several islands, including Bequia, Tobago, Bonaire and Aruba, before
ending in Puerto Caldera, Costa Rica. Info: 800-258-7245,
http://www.windstarcruises.com.

AIR

Â· TACA International is offering sale fares of $549 round trip (with taxes)
from Washington Dulles to destinations throughout Central America, including San
Salvador, Guatemala City and Managua, Nicaragua. Other airlines are matching in
select markets. Sale applies to travel through Nov. 10; deadline to purchase is
Oct. 7. Three-day minimum stay required. Info: 800-400-8222,
http://www.taca.com.

Â·  AirTran is holding a systemwide sale, with one-way fares ranging from $64 to
$169 from BWI, Reagan National or Washington Dulles. For example, round-trip
fare from Dulles to Fort Lauderdale, Fla., including taxes, is $220; fare on
other airlines starts at $270. Travel through Jan. 30; lowest fares are
available on Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays. Holiday blackout dates apply.
Ten-day advance purchase required. Buy at http://www.airtran.com by Oct. 14, or
pay $15 more by calling 800-247-8726.

PACKAGES

Â· Pacific Delight World Tours is offering a seven-night package to Beijing for
$1,298 per person double, plus about $155 taxes. The tour includes round-trip
airfare from Washington, accommodations at the Beijing Capital Hotel, breakfasts
and airport transfers. Travel Nov. 16-Feb. 28; blackout dates are Dec. 19-23
outbound and Jan. 2-7 inbound. Priced separately, the package would cost $228
more per couple. Info: 800-221-7179, http://www.pacificdelighttours.com.

Â· A six-night South Africa in Style package is priced at $2,599 per person
double, including taxes, for departures Dec. 1-15. The deal from South African
Airways includes round-trip airfare from Washington Dulles to Cape Town, with
return from Johannesburg;  flight from Cape Town to Hoedspruit, South Africa;
four nights' accommodations at the Twelve Apostles Hotel & Spa, the Table Bay
Hotel or the Commodore Hotel in Cape Town; breakfasts in Cape Town; half-day
wine estate tour and city tour in Cape Town; two nights at the Jackalberry
Safari Lodge in the Thornybush Private Game Reserve, with meals and safari game
drive; and transfers. Priced separately, the package would cost about $600 more
per person. Info: 888-722-4872, http://www.flysaavacations.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 30, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Amtrak Is Continuing Northeast Regional Sale

BYLINE: By ALLISON BUSACCA

SECTION: Section TR; Column 0; Travel Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 152 words


Amtrak is extending the summer sale on its Northeast Regional trains through
Dec. 16, with up to 25 percent off fares for travel to Washington, New York,
Philadelphia and Boston.

One-way coach fares include: New York to Washington, $49; New York to
Philadelphia, $34; Philadelphia to Washington, $33;   and Boston to New York,
$49.

Reservations must be made 14 days in advance, and the discounted fares are not
valid over Labor Day weekend or Thanksgiving.

Amtrak also has discounted round-trip weekend fares along the same route, valid
for Saturday departures. Return trips can  be booked for Saturday or early
Sunday morning. Sample round-trip fares include: Richmond to Washington, $23;
Williamsburg, Va., to Baltimore, $36; and New Rochelle, N.Y., to Philadelphia,
$36.

Tickets must be booked three days in advance, and the promotion is only valid on
Northeast Regional and Keystone trains.ALLISON BUSACCA

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (PHOTOGRAPH BY MIKE GROLL/ASSOCIATED PRESS)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 12, 2006 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

editor's picks

BYLINE: John Ewoldt, Staff Writer

SECTION: SOURCE; Pg. 12E

LENGTH: 378 words


Discounted duds,  free suds

Another Dayton's/Marshall Field's tradition survives the Macy's transition, but
with a few changes.

Today at the downtown store (700 Nicollet Mall, Minneapolis, 612-375-2202),
nearly everything on the men's floor is discounted 20 percent or more. The
wardrobe sale includes high-end designer merchandise that rarely goes on sale,
such as Dolce & Gabbana, Zegna, Armani, Moschino and Theory, but this year the
sale does not include premium denim, everyday values, Polo, Thomas Pink,
fragrances and skin care.

Macy's sweetens the deal by allowing most items to get an additional 20 percent
discount if the buyer uses a Macy's card. Sale and clearance items (already
discounted 40 percent or more) get the additional discount, but not the high-end
designers listed or exclusions such as premium denim. The sale continues all
day, but the party from 5 to 8 p.m. includes free cocktails and appetizers.

New markdowns  Friday at Hanna

Who says there aren't good deals after a holiday weekend at the outlet malls?
Hanna Andersson outlet (Albertville Premium Outlets, Albertville, 763-497-7885)
will start its "monster sale" Friday with an additional 20 percent discount off
clearance items that were already reduced 20 to 40 percent. About half of the
store's items were on clearance when I checked last week.

Save the environment (and cash, too)

During Hennepin County Environmental Services' Choose to Reuse Week, which is
Saturday through Oct. 21, bargain hunters can pick up a coupon book for
discounts at 112 local stores.

Discounts range from 10 to 50 percent at surplus, consignment and thrift stores
and retailers that sell used merchandise, such as Turn Style consignment and
Electric Fetus. Coupons are good for the week and may be picked up in
participating stores or downloaded at www.hennepin.us and use keyword search
"reuse." Call 612-348-9266.

Craft store closing

Crafts Direct Outlet (11151 Greenbrier Road, Minnetonka, 952-252-7043,
www.craftsdirectoutlet.com), one of the Twin Cities area's largest outlets for
low prices on art and craft materials, is quitting business, expecting to close
Dec. 23. Save 20 to 70 percent storewide.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or jewoldt@startribune.com. His articles are online
at www.startribune.com/dollars.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday

Uninsured to get more access to medicines

BYLINE: PAUL SWIDER

SECTION: NORTH PINELLAS TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 600 words


Help with prescription drugs is a little closer as a Texas company has added
representatives to the Tampa Bay market.

MedWise has helped patients for years but this summer recruited new people to
spread the service, said Dan Mondello, one representative who just started
working with the Garland, Texas, company. MedWise helps the uninsured navigate
the maze of requirements to receive free or discounted drugs from pharmaceutical
manufacturers.

"I heard story after story about how people are suffering," said Mondello, who
left a job helping the insured get pharmaceuticals because he saw greater need
in helping the uninsured.

Patient assistance programs have been around for years but have become a bit
more rare and complicated recently, according to the Area Agency on Aging.
Still, people can work directly with these programs and receive prescription
medications for free.

MedWise simply makes it easier, Mondello said. The company takes a patient's
information and submits it to all applicable programs to receive free or
discounted drugs, he said.

MedWise interacts with physicians and then tracks the entire process to
guarantee that the patient receives what he should.

MedWise is a for-profit company, charging $15 per month per prescription.
Mondello said this still results in huge savings for most people, who typically
spend $700 to $1,200 a month on drugs. Some drugs are discounted, he said, but a
typical price is $20 for a three-month supply.

Other companies provide similar services, but so does the state through programs
like Sunshine for Seniors, said Sharon Ayers, director for planning and
evaluation with the Area Agency on Aging. The Florida Department of Elder
Affairs also provides connections to services and advice on how seniors can work
with such programs.

Mondello said MedWise is different because the service applies to more than just
seniors. Sunshine for Seniors is aimed at those 60 and older. The average
MedWise client is between 15 and 55, Mondello said.

"We're looking for the small-business owner or employee who has no benefits," he
said.

Mondello said he can work with seniors and help those in the "doughnut hole" of
no coverage under the Medicare prescription drug program.

MedWise has no offices in the Tampa Bay area and works on a national basis,
Mondello said. The Better Business Bureau in Dallas near its headquarters shows
that the company has a satisfactory rating there, meaning it has "properly
addressed matters referred by the bureau," according the BBB Web site.

The Pinellas County Department of Consumer Protection has no record of
complaints against MedWise, but investigator Victor Routenberg said it may be
too new for any difficulties to show up.

Mondello said he checked out the company himself before he joined.

He said he feels comfortable that the service is legitimate and is happy to be
able to help people who have few or no alternatives.

"These medications are often free," Mondello said. "You just have to be able to
figure out the paperwork."

Paul Swider can be reached at 892-2271 or pswider@sptimes.com or by
participating in itsyourtimes.com.

fast facts

MedWise

medwisehealthcareinc.com

toll-free 1-800-391-9370

Florida Department of Elder Affairs

elderaffairs.state.fl.us

toll-free 1-800-963-5337

SHINE and Sunshine for Seniors

elderaffairs.state.

fl.us/english/shine.html

Florida Rx Drug Price Finder

myfloridarx.com

FAST FACTS

MedWise

medwisehealthcare inc.com

1-800-391-9370

Florida Department of Elder Affairs

elderaffairs.state.fl.us

1-800-963-5337

SHINE and Sunshine for Seniors

elderaffairs.state. fl.us/english/shine.html

Florida Rx Drug Price Finder

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 212  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors,The second tag program has been popular with hunters.  For many
years, portions of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,000 deer tags
went unsold.  Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents
and nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent)
are sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors, Fish and Game offices, online at https://idfg.idaho.gov, and by
phone with a credit card at 1-800-554-8685.



 The second tag program has been popular with hunters.  For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 27, 2016 Saturday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors, Fish and Game offices, online at https://idfg.idaho.gov, and by
phone with a credit card at 1-800-554-8685.



 The second tag program has been popular with hunters.  For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 216  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors, Fish and Game offices,The second tag program has been popular
with hunters.  For many years, portions of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk
tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.  Since 2000, they have been available as
second tags for residents and nonresidents alike, although the majority of
second tags (about 70 percent) are sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 216  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors, Fish and Game offices,The second tag program has been popular
with hunters.  For many years, portions of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk
tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.  Since 2000, they have been available as
second tags for residents and nonresidents alike, although the majority of
second tags (about 70 percent) are sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors, Fish and Game offices, online at https://idfg.idaho.gov, and by
phone with a credit card at 1-800-554-8685.



 The second tag program has been popular with hunters.  For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors, Fish and Game offices, online at https://idfg.idaho.gov, and by
phone with a credit card at 1-800-554-8685.



 The second tag program has been popular with hunters.  For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 24, 2016 Wednesday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 230  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.  Tags can be purchased at all
license vendors, Fish and Game offices, online at https://idfg.idaho.gov, and by
phone with a credit card at 1-800-554-8685.



 The second tag program has been popular with hunters.  For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 23, 2016 Tuesday

Idaho: Time is running out for discounted second general season elk tags

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Time is running out for hunters wanting to buy a second general season elk tag
at a discount.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for discounted
prices of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, these nonresident
elk tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.

 The second tag program has been popular with hunters.  For many years, portions
of the nonresident quota of 12,815 elk tags and 15,000 deer tags went unsold.
Since 2000, they have been available as second tags for residents and
nonresidents alike, although the majority of second tags (about 70 percent) are
sold to residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           November 19, 2005 Saturday

FOREIGN OIL AID TO BX.

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 141 words


CARACAS, Venezuela - Venezuela will soon begin selling heating oil at discount
prices to less affluent communities in The Bronx and Boston, following up on a
promise by President Hugo Chavez, the state oil company said yesterday.

Citgo, a subsidiary of Venezuela's state-owned oil company that runs roughly
16,000 gas stations in the United States, will offer heating fuel at discounted
rates in Boston as early as next week. Heating oil will be sold later in The
Bronx.

In Boston, up to 1.2 million gallons of discounted heating oil will be offered,
for a total savings of $10 million, the statement said.

The statement said the distribution of the discounted heating oil will be
organized with the help of local nonprofit organizations.

Chavez often blames the plight of the poor on capitalism and the Bush
administration.

Post Wire Services

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                Copyright 2017 NetWise Data, All Rights Reserved
                            NetWise Company Profiles

                               February 24, 2017

            ESSENTIAL WATCHES high end watches at discounted prices

                               9454 Wilshire Blvd
                                     Ste M3
                            Beverly Hills,  CA 90212
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 310-601-7264
URL: http://www.essential-watches.com/

SOCIAL MEDIA IDS:  https://twitter.com/essentialwatch

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY ID: 25762745

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES:
EMPLOYEE RANGE:  Small (21-100 Employees)

GLOBAL SALES:  Yes
COUNTRY:  United States

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *
ESSENTIAL WATCHES high end watches at discounted prices is a distributor,
manufacturer, and supplier focussed on Calendars, Chronometers, Bells, Vans,
Engraving, and 7 other Product & Service categories tracked by NetWise Data.
ESSENTIAL WATCHES high end watches at discounted prices does business in the
Aerospace, Architecture, and Automotive Industries, as well as 20 other major
Manufacturing Industries. ESSENTIAL WATCHES high end watches at discounted
prices has at least 2 business locations. The company describes itself via it's
website thusly: "Beverly Hills discounter of all high end, authentic luxury
watches new and used Patek Philippe, Rolex, Panerai, Audemars Piguet, Hublot,
IWC, Jaeger LeCoultre, Breitling, Omega, Cartier, Breguet, Piaget"
INDUSTRY TYPE: distributor; manufacturer; supplier; Jewelry Stores

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
44831000
SIC CODES:
59440000
PRODUCTS:
PRODUCTS MANUFACTURED:

     ·    Calendars
     ·    Chronometers


PRODUCTS SOLD:

     ·    Bells
     ·    Vans


SERVICES PROVIDED:

     ·    Engraving
     ·    Machining
     ·    Spinning


INDUSTRIES SERVED:

     ·    Aerospace
     ·    Architecture
     ·    Automotive
     ·    Construction
     ·    Defense
     ·    Electrical Power
     ·    Electronics
     ·    Food & Beverage
     ·    Hardware
     ·    Health & Beauty
     ·    Information Technology
     ·    Machining
     ·    Marine
     ·    Mining
     ·    Office & School Supplies
     ·    Petroleum
     ·    Renewable Energy
     ·    Safety
     ·    Textiles & Apparel
     ·    Transportation


MATERIALS USED:

     ·    Beryllium
     ·    Bronze
     ·    Carbon
     ·    Coated Steel
     ·    Cobalt
     ·    Gold
     ·    Gold Coins
     ·    Helium
     ·    Ice
     ·    Indium
     ·    Natural Rubber
     ·    Platinum
     ·    Precious Metals
     ·    Rubber
     ·    Silver
     ·    Special Alloys
     ·    Stainless Steel
     ·    Steel
     ·    Sterling Silver
     ·    Tungsten
     ·    White Gold


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE BUCKET:  $1 - 9.99 Million


OTHER KEYWORDS:  Aeronautical Instruments, Aircraft, Architects, Arrows,
Auctions, Backgrounds, Bands, Barrels, Beads, Bearings, Bells, Beryllium, Black
Enamels, Bombs, Bracelets, Briefs, Bronze, Buttons, Calendars, Camouflage,
Capsules, Carbon, Catwalks, Ceramic Materials, Ceramics, Charms, Chronographs,
Chronometers, Clasps, Clothing, Coated Steel, Cobalt, Coins, Collectors,
Compressors, Crystal, Dials, Disks, Domes, Dresses, Elements, Emblems, Enamels,
Engraving, Escapements, Fiber, Flags, Flats, Footballs, Forming, Games, Globes,
Gold, Gold Coins, Grids, Guns, Hats, Helium, Ice, Indium, Ingots, Jeans,
Jewelry, Lacquers, Leather, Lights, Linings, Lugs, Machining, Measures,
Measuring Tools, Mechanisms, Natural Rubber, Overalls, Pearls, Pendants,
Pennants, Perfume Bottles, Photography, Pianos, Pins, Platinum, Powder Coating,
Powder Coatings, Precious Metals, Protectors, Push Pins, Quartz, Rectangular
Cases, Registers, Rims, Rings, Rotors, Round Cases, Rounds, Rubber, Rubber
Bands, Salt, Scales, Showrooms, Silver, Skeletons, Special Alloys, Spices,
Spinning, Sport Watches, Square Cases, Stainless Steel, Steel, Sterling Silver,
Stoppers, Submersibles, Suits, Sweeps, Transitions, Transmissions, Trim,
Tungsten, Turbines, Vans, Velvets, Watch Cases, White Gold, Wristbands, Yachts,
Yellows

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2017


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Las Cruces Sun-News

                            December 27, 2004 Monday

Shoppers hit mall for exchanges, sales

BYLINE: Lisa Amaya

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 308 words


Sun-News reporter

Las Crucens spent Sunday afternoon working, waiting in long lines or shopping
for discounted Christmas merchandise at the Mesilla Valley Mall.

Gloria Baca, a Las Cruces resident, waited in line at J.C. Penney for about 10
minutes. Baca said she wanted to exchange some shirts that did not fit her
husband.

She said she and her husband spent Sunday morning shopping at Foley's in El
Paso. Baca said she bought a Christmas sweater and other merchandise at
discounted prices while in El Paso.

Joy Wilson, a store manager at J.C. Penney, said the Christmas merchandise,
including tree ornaments and wrapping paper, was being offered at 70 percent
off. Wilson said the return lines were "light" throughout the day.

"A lot of gift cards were sold, so that saves on returns," Wilson said.

Deborah Cuellar, a Las Cruces resident, said she did not plan on buying too many
items other than pajamas and discounted Christmas merchandise.

"We are broke after buying an X-box," Cuellar said.

She and her two sons, Andrew, 11, and Joshua, 14, were looking for X-box games
at discounted prices.

"There was nothing to return. It was neat," Cuellar said.

She said she only returns gifts when she or her sons receive something they
already have.

Mary Helen Rice, a Las Cruces resident, spent her time at the mall browsing.
Rice said she brought her relatives who live in Washington, D.C. and Wyoming to
the mall.

"I had a nice glass of champagne after Christmas was over," Rice said.

Michael Dixon, a sales representative at Hollister, said several people were
exchanging clothes because they were the wrong sizes. Dixon said many people
also visited the store because the winter clothes were on sale.

"I don't think anyone returned anything they didn't like," Dixon said.

Lisa Amaya can be reached at lamaya@lcsun-news.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2004 Las Cruces Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

editor's picks

BYLINE: John Ewoldt, Staff Writer

SECTION: SOURCE; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 396 words


Architectural Antiques discounted

Everything in the Architectural Antiques store (1330 Quincy St. NE.,
Minneapolis, 612-332-8344) and on its website (www.archantiques.com) is
discounted 50 percent today only, in an unannounced sale. Architectural Antiques
is known best for its extensive selection of high-end antique and pre-1940s
lighting (ceiling fixtures and sconces), knobs and pulls, hardware and built-in
buffets. In the past I've felt that AA's prices were high compared with other
Twin Cities salvage shops, although the quality and selection are top-notch.
Anyone living in an older home and furnishing it in its period should take a
look today.

50 percent discount  at men's clothier

Al Johnson men's clothier (3922 W. 50th St., Edina, 952-920-5450) has been a
Twin Cities fixture since 1947, but will be closing Jan. 5. Everything will be
discounted 50 percent starting Saturday; current discounts are 30 to 40 percent.
Items already on clearance will go to 60 percent off. The store still has an
excellent selection of regulars, shorts and longs in the 40 to 44 size range.
Shoes and sweaters are picked over.

After-Christmas furniture bargains

Room & Board might be a little nervous with Crate & Barrel coming to town.
Several of the lines from the two stores are similar. Store reps say that
shoppers should expect more change in the new line than in past years. In
preparation for the new items, R&B (7010 France Av. S., Edina, 952-927-8835,
www.roomandboard.com) starts its semiannual sale Wednesday. Expect a queue of
people outside waiting for the floor samples and discontinued items discounted
20 to 40 percent. Many merchandise lines are being replaced, so expect more
clearance items than in years past. For a preview of what is being discontinued,
go to www.roomandboard.com and look for item numbers (such as the Carmichael
sofa) that end in a yellow "D," for discontinued.

Odds & Ends Furniture (3740 Louisiana Av. S., St. Louis Park, 952-924-1061,
www.oddsandendsfurniture.com), formerly Scratch N Dent Furniture, will be
closing for a holiday break on Saturday and reopening Jan. 3 with additional
markdowns of 20 to 50 percent on all merchandise that has been on the floor for
six months or longer. That's about 20 percent of the current stock.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or jewoldt@startribune.com His articles are online at
www.startribune.com/dollars.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            August 26, 2006 Saturday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: THE NEW MEXICAN

SECTION: SANTA FE/EL NORTE; Pg. C-3

LENGTH: 466 words


Bookstores selling discount bus passes

The bookstores at Santa Fe Community College, St. John's College and the College
of Santa Fe are selling discounted passes for the city bus line, Santa Fe
Trails.

A valid college identification is required to buy a discounted pass. A 31-day
pass costs $17, and a semester-long, 120-day pass sells for $60. Passes also are
on sale at Santa Fe Place and through Santa Fe Trails' main office. Call
955-2001 for details.

Help with vandalism monitoring

People interested in helping the state monitor cultural resources in the
Socorro, Truth or Consequences and Las Cruces areas for vandalism and looting
are invited to attend the Historic Preservation Division's official state
training next month.

The SiteWatch orientation and training will be held at the Socorro BLM District
Office from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sept. 22. Class size is limited to 24, and
volunteers must register in advance. To reserve a spot, call BLM Deputy State
Archaeologist Sara Schlanger at 438-7457 or Phil Young, SiteWatch coordinator,
at 827-6314. The BLM office is at

901 S. Highway 85 in Socorro. Volunteer applications are available at
www.nmhistoricpreservation.org.

SiteWatch chapters have been established in Santa Fe, Albuquerque, Taos,
Galisteo, Silver City, Las Cruces, Torrance County, Los Alamos, Farmington and
at Chaco Culture National Historic Park. Training oriented specifically to El
Camino Real also is planned.

EPA awards Los Alamos Lab

Los Alamos National Laboratory has been praised by the Environmental Protection
Agency for its work during Hurricanes Katrina and Rita last year.

The EPA's Award for Excellence was given to members of the lab's Integrated
Reachback Center.

Team members provided computer simulations of storm surges and supported an
EPA-owned aircraft, called ASPECT, that monitored hazardous plumes and mapped
damaged areas.

The plane's detection equipment uses infrared technology to find invisible
chemicals. It has been sent back to the New Orleans area several times in the
last year.

Top Italian officials to visit state

An Italian consul general and a member of the Italian parliament will be in
Dawson, N.M., near Cimarron, next month to honor the more than 200 Italian
immigrants killed in two coal-mine explosions there in 1913 and 1923.

About 600 descendants of the victims and former residents of Dawson are expected
to attend a ceremony at the Dawson Cemetery at 1 p.m. Sept. 3, according to a
news release from the national Italian-American News Bureau in Washington.

"The story of Dawson was completely unknown in Italy until it was discovered by
Prof. Alessandro Trojani of the University of Florence," who leads a project
sponsored by the Italian Consulate in Los Angeles that is researching the
Italian presence in the American West, the release said.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The New Mexican


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             May 11, 2016 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Guild, Short of a Union, for New York Uber Drivers

BYLINE: By NOAM SCHEIBER and MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1187 words


Uber announced an agreement on Tuesday with a prominent union to create an
association for drivers in New York that would establish a forum for regular
dialogue and afford them some limited benefits and protections -- but that would
stop short of unionization.

The association, which will be known as the Independent Drivers Guild and will
be affiliated with a regional branch of the International Association of
Machinists and Aerospace Workers union, is the first of its kind that Uber has
officially blessed, although Uber drivers have formed a number of unsanctioned
groups in cities across the country.

''We're happy to announce that we've successfully come to agreement with Uber to
represent the 35,000 drivers using Uber in New York City to enhance their
earning ability and benefits,'' said James Conigliaro Jr., the guild founder and
assistant director and general counsel at the International Association of
Machinists District 15, which represents workers in the Northeast.

The agreement is Uber's latest attempt to assuage mounting concerns from
regulators and drivers' groups about the company's labor model, which treats
drivers as independent contractors. That model helps Uber keep its labor costs
low, but it excludes drivers from coverage by most labor and employment laws,
such as those that require a minimum wage and overtime.

That has spurred public disagreements, and many drivers have organized in
unofficial groups to gain more rights. The prospect of unionization has loomed
at times; lawmakers in Seattle voted last year to approve a bill allowing
drivers for Uber and other ride-hailing apps to form unions.

In response, Uber, which is based in San Francisco, has been striking deals to
tamp down the problems -- with the proviso that the company be able to continue
classifying its drivers as contractors and stop short of allowing drivers to
unionize.

Last month, for example, Uber reached a settlement in a prominent class-action
lawsuit with drivers who had contested their contractor status. Under the
settlement, the company agreed to pay as much as $100 million and put less
pressure on drivers to accept all rides; drivers will, however, continue as
freelancers.

Uber faces other labor-related hurdles. Along with Lyft, a competing
ride-hailing service, the company this week withdrew operations from Austin,
Tex., after losing a battle with the City Council over the nature of its
background checks for drivers.

Under the terms of the deal in New York, which will be in effect for five years,
a group of drivers who are guild members will hold monthly meetings with Uber
management in the city, where they can raise issues of concern.

The drivers will be able to appeal decisions by Uber to bar them from its
platform, and can have guild officials represent them in their appeals. In
addition, they will be able to buy discounted legal services, discounted life
and disability insurance and discounted roadside help for problems they
encounter while driving.

Yet unlike a traditional union, which contractors typically cannot form, guild
members will not be able to bargain over a contract with the company that would
stipulate fares, benefits and protections. Uber will continue to determine most
of these elements unilaterally, albeit with more input from drivers

The machinists union has also indicated that for the duration of the five-year
agreement, it will refrain from trying to unionize drivers, from encouraging
them to strike and from waging campaigns to have them recognized as employees
rather than independent contractors.

''It's important to have immediate assistance in the industry and this is the
structure that provides that,'' said Mr. Conigliaro.

He emphasized, however, that drivers did not waive any labor rights by joining
the guild, and that if Uber drivers were found to be employees at any point
during the agreement, the union could try to unionize the drivers at their
request.

Uber said the agreement would help smooth relationships with drivers, whose
frustrations have grown with recent fare cuts and policy changes .

''Communication is important,'' said David Plouffe, Uber's chief adviser. ''On
price cuts, we haven't always had the best forum to discuss and share data --
how price cuts work, what we see afterward.''

Mr. Plouffe said that as a result of discussions with drivers in certain parts
of the country, Uber had adopted a number of changes, like a pilot program to
charge riders when a driver has to wait for more than two minutes.

With the agreement, Uber also wins an ally in its effort to change the New York
State law that levies a nearly 9 percent tax on black car rides but that does
not apply to taxis. (There is a 50-cent surcharge on yellow taxi trips.) Uber
says the law unfairly singles out parts of its service. Under the terms of the
deal, the machinists union will help Uber lobby the State Legislature to treat
all hired vehicles equally.

Mr. Plouffe said the money likely to be saved from changing the law would flow
to drivers' bottom lines, and some of it would be used to help set up a benefits
fund that the guild would administer and whose scope it would determine. Among
the potential new benefits is paid time off for drivers.

Uber was not seeking to replicate the guild idea outside New York, which differs
from other cities in that a much higher fraction of Uber drivers use the
platform full time or close to full time, Mr. Plouffe added.

Also on Tuesday, Uber said the Freelancers Union, which supports independent
workers, will advise the company on how to create portable benefits for its
drivers and other gig economy workers.

Sara Horowitz, the group's founder and executive director, praised the agreement
as a bold step that would become ''part of a larger strategy for this new work
force.''

The agreement drew a mixed reaction from drivers. Eric Grant, a veteran Uber
driver who recently served on a panel in Seattle that heard appeals from fellow
drivers who had been deactivated -- part of a special pilot program in that city
-- said Uber's new appeals program was a much-needed change.

''One of the issues they have had in the past is that they deactivate people
willy-nilly, without any appeals process,'' Mr. Grant said.

Others, particularly those involved in competing attempts to organize Uber
drivers in New York, were skeptical. Abdoul Diallo, who helped found an
association of drivers in New York, which is called the Uber Drivers Network and
claims about 5,000 members, said that the new organization sounded ''bogus'' and
that the guild was no substitute for an actual union.

Mr. Diallo said deactivation was relatively far down the list of concerns for
most drivers in his organization. ''First and foremost, price cuts and
commissions matter most to drivers,'' he said.

The machinists union said no topic was off the table in the guild's discussions
with Uber, including fares and commissions.

Mr. Diallo's group, meanwhile, is encouraging drivers to sign cards that will
allow the Amalgamated Transit Union to represent them; more than 5,000 drivers
have signed.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/05/11/technology/uber-agrees-to-union-deal-in-new-yo
rk.html

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 31, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

THEATER GUIDE

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg.
4

LENGTH: 1794 words


A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy Broadway and
Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. *
denotes a highly recommended show.+ means discounted tickets were available at
the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for performances last Friday and
Saturday nights.++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for
last Friday night only.+++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS
booth for performances last Saturday night only.

Broadway


* "LA BOHEME." Baz Luhrmann's rapturous reimagining of Puccini's opera of love
in a garret turns out to be both the coolest and the warmest show in town, an
enchanted mixture of self-conscious artistry and emotional richness. Opera
purists should know that this production is no slice of wiseguy revisionism.
What Mr. Luhrmann and his extraordinary production designer, Catherine Martin,
have done is to find the visual equivalent for the sensual beauty and vigor of
the score. The stars of this "Boheme" may be as pretty as Calvin Klein models,
but their voices, for the most part, match their faces. And while Mr. Luhrmann
and Ms. Martin have brought a defiantly stagy sense of theatricality to the
cinema with films like "Romeo and Juliet" and "Moulin Rouge," they have reversed
the equation with "La Boheme," bringing to the theater a seductive cinematic
flow. The three rotating sets of principals are, to a person, sexy, vital and
utterly committed to the moment (2:30). Broadway Theater, 1681 Broadway, at 52nd
Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sunday at 3 p.m. Tickets: $41.25 to
$101.25; a limited number of $20 rush tickets are available at the box office
two hours before the performance (Ben Brantley).

*++ "TARTUFFE." The look of love beams like a laser from the eyes of Brian
Bedford in this handsome, absorbing revival of Moliere's comedy from the
Roundabout Theater Company. As the fatuous Orgon, the bourgeois gentilhomme who
takes the serpent named Tartuffe (Henry Goodman) into the bosom of his family,
the truly wondrous Mr. Bedford presents a beatific study in denial, a man whose
midlife crisis takes the form of a besotted pursuit of spiritual enlightenment.
While guilty of a few instances of forced comic shtick, Mr. Goodman, who
suggests John Barrymore being sinister, cannily plays the religious charlatan
Tartuffe as a Svengali who has thoroughly and contemptuously hypnotized his
victim. The rest of the agreeable cast, which includes J. Smith-Cameron and
Kathryn Meisle, isn't on the same virtuosic level. But John Beatty's period sets
are exceedingly good-looking. And Mr. Bedford and Mr. Goodman turn out to be the
most arrestingly odd couple on Broadway this season (2:15). American Airlines
Theater, 227 West 42nd Street, (212) 719-1300. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays
at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets:
$25 to $90 (Brantley).

Off Broadway

*+ "BEDBOUND." Words are oxygen for the breath-starved characters in Enda
Walsh's whiskey shot of a play. For the seedy father and sickly daughter who are
the sole inhabitants of this brusque, exciting new drama, language has become
nothing short of a basic biological function. As they work their frantic,
fumbling ways through narratives of their lives, these unlikely, reluctant
bedmates sometimes choke and gag on the words that spew and sputter out of them
like blood from a freshly opened vein. But as the girl makes clear, silence
equals panic; words are all that keeps them alive. "Bedbound" sent happy shivers
through London critics when it opened at the Royal Court Theater there last
year, and the New York production, directed by Mr. Walsh, doesn't disappoint.
Acted with mesmerizing energy and precision by Brian F. O'Byrne and Jenna Lamia,
"Bedbound" emerges as a genuine and bracing original among the already
well-stocked shelves of word-drunk Irish plays (1:30). Irish Repertory Theater,
132 West 22nd Street, (212) 727-2737. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Saturdays at 3 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $35-$40 (Brantley).

++ "COMEDIANS." Few sights are more painful for an audience than a stand-up
comic who can't get a laugh. Yet Trevor Griffiths's 1975 play, which has been
given an intense and earnest revival by the New Group, insists that you
experience that pain as a succession of would-be professional comics
disastrously try out their routines. The show asks you to consider coldly what
you might normally laugh at and why. As one of the play's characters puts it in
all sincerity: "Comedy is medicine." And this story of a night class for
comedians holds a mirror up to theatergoers and asks them to confront the sick
souls therein. As such plays can be, it is intelligent, daring and, in the long
run, less abrasive than tedious, like a jittery lecture at high volume. This
despite the presence of a talent-rich, hard-working ensemble led by Jim Dale,
Raul Esparza and David McCallum (2:45). Beckett, 410 West 42nd Street, (212)
279-4200. Beginning Wednesday, the production moves to the Acorn Theater, same
address and box office number as the Beckett Theater. Tuesdays through Fridays
at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. No performance this
Sunday and Tuesday. Tickets: $35 to $50 (Brantley).

+ "COOKIN' AT THE COOKERY." When the blues singer Alberta Hunter died in 1984,
she had been working up until her last few months. In a remarkable coda to a
remarkable life, she had come out of a self-imposed retirement from the stage --
two decades in which she worked as a hospital scrub nurse on Roosevelt Island --
to perform at the Cookery in Greenwich Village. It was a six-week gig that
turned into an indefinitely extended one. That was in 1977, when she was 82.
This is the starting point for Marion J. Caffey's feel-good pocket musical for
two lively actresses and a stoic four-man band. It isn't terribly dramatic or
even melodramatic, but it is staged with clever economy, and it has a worthy
subject and a heart of gold. The music, of course, is terrific, and the
performances of Ann Duquesnay and Debra Walton are full of warmth and verve
(1:55). Theater 3, 311 West 43rd Street, (212) 279-4200. Tuesdays through
Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $45
(Bruce Weber).

"JULIUS CAESAR." Like a lot of intelligent people, Shakespeare was amazed at the
paradox of political speech: that it is demonstrably misleading and that people
believe it anyway. This is the bizarre trope of human nature that "Julius
Caesar" deals with especially. And because politics is never without purveyors
of egregious, self-serving lies, the play is perpetually relevant. Though it
doesn't have the psychological depth of "Hamlet," it can really make you
outraged. Outrage appears to be very much on the mind of the director, Karin
Coonrod, whose "Caesar" reads as a protest against the Republican oligarchy in
Washington. From the opening scenes in this modern-dress production, the
director uses the costuming and manner of her actors to evoke the contemporary
American nexus of conservative political power among the government, the
military and the corporate elite. It's an overall approach that attenuates the
grand debate over the future of Rome, making the usurping senators seem like
gossip-mongers in the halls of Enron; from the outset, this is a conspiracy more
venal than noble. And it serves the show well at first as sly, wicked satire.
Ultimately, however, the diminishment of the characters for partisan purposes
doesn't serve the play, and the production descends into bombastic melodrama
(2:00). Lucille Lortell Theater, 121 Christopher Street, Greenwich Village,
(212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 7:30 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 7:30;
Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $55 (Weber).

* "PANIC! (HOW TO BE HAPPY!)" Every winter the director Richard Foreman
reassembles his idea of the interior of the human mind in ornate, puzzlelike
dream houses of sets. And every winter pilgrims of the avant-garde show up for a
dose of senses-scrambling spectacle, much as other people attend the Christmas
show at Radio City Music Hall. As usual, Mr. Foreman portrays existence as a
slapstick farce of exasperation. Pleasure-free human eroticism is given
comically literal-minded representation here, in ways that suggest the work of
an overzealous sex education teacher. The impeccably precise principal players,
dressed up like the cast of a nightmare version of "Pirates of Penzance," move
and speak with the mannered zeal of automa tons in search of their inner
humanity. That Mr. Foreman continues to extract such joyous showmanship from his
premise that life is futile remains one of the miracles of contemporary New York
theater (1:15). Ontological Theater at St. Mark's Church, 131 East 10th Street,
East Village, (212) 533-4650. Tuesdays, Thursdays, Fridays, Saturdays and
Sundays at 8 p.m. Tickets: $20; $15 student tickets available with valid
identification (Brantley).

* "TWELFTH NIGHT" AND "UNCLE VANYA." A very winning pair of losers dominate
these compelling, exotically twinned productions from the Donmar Warehouse of
London, bringing new refinement to the popular art of disgruntledness. As
embodied by Simon Russell Beale, perhaps the greatest stage actor of his
generation, the ambitionless title character of Chekhov's "Uncle Vanya" and the
ambition-riddled Malvolio of Shakespeare's "Twelfth Night" unearth provocatively
mixed layers of comedy and tragedy from what it means to be unlucky in love. Mr.
Russell Beale is by no means the only reason to visit the plays, which run in
repertory through March 9. The productions offer New York audiences a rare
chance to see a first-rate ensemble -- which also features Emily Watson, Helen
McCrory and Mark Strong -- working fluently in two entirely different theatrical
idioms. With this "Vanya" and "Twelfth Night," among the most coveted tickets in
London last year, the director Sam Mendes (who recently stepped down as the
Donmar's artistic director) has shaped a valedictory ode to the varied
possibilities of interpreting classics. The "Vanya" is a goosebump-making
triumph of in-the-moment naturalism, with superb performances from everyone
involved. If the pleasures of this "Twelfth Night" are more fitful, with a
production that sacrifices authentic feeling to conceptual stylishness, there's
a gratifying boldness in its very differences (2:45 each). Brooklyn Academy of
Music, Harvey Theater, 651 Fulton Street, Fort Greene, (718) 636-4100. Tuesdays
through Fridays at 7:30 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 7:30 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m.
Tickets: $30, $55 and $75 (Brantley).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

Tennessee: Score a $25 H&M Gift Card for Only $14!!

LENGTH: 155  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The Crazy Coupon Chick, The state of Tennessee has issued the
following news release:



 I am always looking for discounted items and discounted gift cards are hard to
come by! BUT, right now, if you head on over to Rasie.com, they sell gift cards
for discounted amounts, AND they are having a sale for an additional 5% off
select gift cards. The sale includes iTunes, Victoria's Secret, Toys R Us and
more! H&M is also included and they have a bunch of $25 gift cards available!
They are already discounted to $20 so with the code TAKE5, it brings it down to
$19. Plus just for signing up for Raise.com, they will credit you a FREE $5 that
you can use right away making the gift card just $14! That is almost a 50%
savings! And, lastly, all gift cards ship for FREE ! There is never a shipping
charge :)





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                          February 16, 2006, Thursday

Seniors would save with Boyd's drug legislation

BYLINE: CHAD UMBLE

SECTION: B; Pg. 01

LENGTH: 450  words


Prescription drugs may get a whole lot cheaper for some seniors in nursing homes
under a bill recently passed in the state House. The bill, sponsored by state
Rep. Scott Boyd, a West Lampeter Township Republican, would establish a system
for long-term care facilities to repackage discounted prescriptions available to
the patient, closing a bureaucratic loophole that drove up prices on some
prescriptions.

Under the current system, long-term care facilities must get their prescriptions
from a pharmacy that provides drugs to the nursing home. Prices under these
contracts are often significantly higher since they are delivered in individual
doses, instead of bulk shipments used by some discounted prescription drug
programs. For the late Joseph Wimbrow, a World War II veteran, the difference
amounted to an increase from $180 to $1,800 - even though his prescriptions
hadn't changed. The spike in Wimbrow's drug bill came after he moved into the
long-term care facilities at Willow Valley Retirement Communities, and his
medicine began to be priced in individual doses. Boyd's bill allows such
long-term care facilities to repackage medicines provided for patients from the
Veterans Administration or other prescription drug benefit programs. By
repackaging the discounted drugs, patients will continue to enjoy the discounted
prices offered through retirement programs. "The intent of this bill is to
permit senior citizens living in long-term care facilities to continue to
receive the benefits they have earned through their service to their employers
or their service to our country during the course of their lifetimes," Boyd
said. If a patient is eligible for a discount program, the facility's pharmacy
would receive the drugs, relabel the prescription, and dispense the medication
in the proper unit dose. The process would be regulated by the State Board of
Pharmacy. "I'm ecstatic that Boyd went to bat on this, stuck with it and got a
bill," said Al Siegfried, a friend of Wimbrow's and fellow resident of Willow
Valley who testified during hearings on the bill. Wimbrow died in January, but
his wife, Ruth, and Siegfried and several other Willow Valley residents have
continued to advocate for Boyd's bill. Siegfried said that the bill becomes law,
he would work to amend it to remove a provision that allows long-term care
facilities to charge fees for repackaging drugs. In some cases, Siegfried said,
these fees can be triple the cost of the drug itself. Nevertheless, Siegfried
believes the new legislation would give needed help to seniors. "(Seniors) are
really impacted when it comes to medicine," he said. "We need help, and it comes
in the form of Scott Boyd's House Bill 1022."

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jeff Ruppenthal/Lancaster Newspapers State Rep. Scott Boyd (center)
discusses the prescription drug bill with constituents Arden Stauffer, Al
Siegfried and Ruth Wimbrow.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  New Orleans City Business (New Orleans, LA)

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Comcast speeding up its discounted Internet service

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 534  words


Comcast is speeding up and expanding a discounted Internet service that was
created to get more low-income people online.

Comcast created the program four years ago as a condition of government approval
of its purchase of NBCUniversal. The service costs $10 a month, a quarter of
Comcast's promotional price for a slightly faster Internet speed.

But critics have said the service, called Internet Essentials, was too slow and
its reach too limited.

The latest upgrade doubles the current speed to up to 10 megabits per second.
That lets you watch online video but is still below the benchmark for broadband,
25 megabits, set by the Federal Communications Commission.

Internet Essentials had been limited to families of children who would qualify
for the government's discounted school lunch program. Now Comcast is testing a
program for low-income seniors, too.

"The increasing of the speed is a step in the right direction," said Arturo
Carmona, executive director of Presente, a Latino advocacy group that had fought
Comcast's failed proposal to merge with Time Warner Cable. "The real test will
be in assuring that actual families will benefit from this. "

In a report last year, the California Emerging Technology Fund, a non-profit
that advocates for broadband adoption, said signing up for Internet Essentials
was a "long and cumbersome" process that can take up to three months.

Comcast spokesman Charlie Douglas said some of the criticisms of the program are
"quite old and have not been well-documented. " Comcast says it's increasing the
number of schools whose families are eligible for faster approval. Once a family
is approved, Comcast can send a self-installation kit in three to five days.

Philadelphia-based Comcast said Tuesday that more than 500,000 households have
been Internet Essentials customers. That's up from 350,000 households about a
year ago. About 20 percent of eligible households have signed up.

Other changes Comcast announced Tuesday included adding a free Wi-Fi router so
families can connect their smartphones and other devices to a home network and a
pilot program for helping low-income seniors get Internet access in West Palm
Beach, Florida.

Comcast said additional cities for testing the service for seniors will be
announced in coming weeks.

The service's expansion comes as the government is also pushing programs meant
to help bridge the "digital divide. " According to a recent report from the Pew
Research Center, 97 percent of adults living in a household with annual income
of $75,000 and higher say they use the Internet. For households making less than
$30,000 a year, that number falls to 74 percent.

The FCC wants to expand its Lifeline discounted phone program to include
Internet service, while President Barack Obama last month unveiled a
public-private partnership called ConnectHome, which aims to get low-income
families discounted access to the Internet. The government had said ConnectHome
will initially reach more than 275,000 low-income households.

To sign up for free CityBusiness Daily Updates, click here.

http://www.neworleanscitybusiness.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more
from this resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Discounted Tickets Available for National Western Stock Show

LENGTH: 150  words

DATELINE: Greeley


University of Northern Colorado has issued the following news release:

UNC employees and students are eligible to purchase discounted tickets online or
by phone for select events at the 2015 National Western Stock Show Jan. 10-25 at
the National Western Complex in Denver.

Save up to $6 for every ticket ordered plus $4.50 in service charges on the
order itself. An unlimited number of tickets may be ordered, including tickets
for family and friends.

Tickets purchased through this special offer are free of all service charges and
must be purchased online or by phone. Discounts are not available at the Stock
Show box office.

For a schedule of discounted events - from rodeos to Wild West shows - and how
to order tickets, go to
http://www.unco.edu/news/assets/pdfs/2015-NWSS-Discounts.pdf.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2015 Tuesday

Discounted Tickets Available for National Western Stock Show

LENGTH: 150  words

DATELINE: Greeley


University of Northern Colorado has issued the following news release:

UNC employees and students are eligible to purchase discounted tickets online or
by phone for select events at the 2015 National Western Stock Show Jan. 10-25 at
the National Western Complex in Denver.

Save up to $6 for every ticket ordered plus $4.50 in service charges on the
order itself. An unlimited number of tickets may be ordered, including tickets
for family and friends.

Tickets purchased through this special offer are free of all service charges and
must be purchased online or by phone. Discounts are not available at the Stock
Show box office.

For a schedule of discounted events - from rodeos to Wild West shows - and how
to order tickets, go to
http://www.unco.edu/news/assets/pdfs/2015-NWSS-Discounts.pdf.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Discounted Tickets Available for National Western Stock Show

LENGTH: 150  words

DATELINE: Greeley


University of Northern Colorado has issued the following news release:

UNC employees and students are eligible to purchase discounted tickets online or
by phone for select events at the 2015 National Western Stock Show Jan. 10-25 at
the National Western Complex in Denver.

Save up to $6 for every ticket ordered plus $4.50 in service charges on the
order itself. An unlimited number of tickets may be ordered, including tickets
for family and friends.

Tickets purchased through this special offer are free of all service charges and
must be purchased online or by phone. Discounts are not available at the Stock
Show box office.

For a schedule of discounted events - from rodeos to Wild West shows - and how
to order tickets, go to
http://www.unco.edu/news/assets/pdfs/2015-NWSS-Discounts.pdf.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

Discounted Tickets Available for National Western Stock Show

LENGTH: 150  words

DATELINE: Greeley


University of Northern Colorado has issued the following news release:

UNC employees and students are eligible to purchase discounted tickets online or
by phone for select events at the 2015 National Western Stock Show Jan. 10-25 at
the National Western Complex in Denver.

Save up to $6 for every ticket ordered plus $4.50 in service charges on the
order itself. An unlimited number of tickets may be ordered, including tickets
for family and friends.

Tickets purchased through this special offer are free of all service charges and
must be purchased online or by phone. Discounts are not available at the Stock
Show box office.

For a schedule of discounted events - from rodeos to Wild West shows - and how
to order tickets, go to
http://www.unco.edu/news/assets/pdfs/2015-NWSS-Discounts.pdf.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 26, 2011 Saturday

New 'villages' help aging Americans stay at home

BYLINE: By Suzanne Bohan Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 888 words


When Bob and Lynn Forthman joined Ashby Village in July 2010, they never figured
they'd need its services so soon.

The virtual "village" in Berkeley is one of 65 nationwide, with 120 more in the
works. The volunteer-driven networks are meant to help seniors continue living
in their homes by delivering a multitude of services they no longer can do for
themselves and to help them stay engaged through social events.

What started with the first village in 2001 in Boston has become a fast-growing
phenomenon that could fill a critical gap as baby boomers age and longevity
increases. By 2050, demographers project that one in five Americans will be 65
or older, part of a "silver tsunami."

"I think this is going to be the way of the future," said Berdeen Coven, a
psychologist leading the drive to launch the Silicon Valley Village, expected to
open by June. "There just aren't going to be enough private facilities for
people to age in, and we have to get together and help each other out as we live
longer."

Members pay yearly dues, ranging from $35 to more than $900, with half offering
discounted rates, according to a nationwide survey by UC Berkeley researchers.

In exchange, members are a phone call away from such free services as driving,
gardening, computer help, home repairs, shopping and other day-to-day needs.

Village volunteers also help members sell homes that have become too large and
move to smaller dwellings.

A screened list of vendors such as plumbers and electricians offer discounted
rates.

A month after the Forthmans joined, a driver ran a red light in West Berkeley,
smashing into Lynn Forthman as she drove to her haircut appointment. The driver
fled and was never caught, but the 86-year-old woman had five shattered ribs.

"I called Ashby Village and asked 'Could you people be of any help?' " Bob
Forthman said. "They said 'Of course we could.' "

A geriatric social worker from Ashby Village warned Bob Forthman against
transferring his wife from the hospital to a nursing home with a poor reputation
and helped him resist pressure to release her until she was transferred to a
better facility.

After Lynn Forthman returned home, she received discounted in-home care from an
organization referred by Ashby Village.

"It's kind of like an insurance policy," said Bob Forthman, who retired as a
professor in 1996 from what's now called Cal State East Bay. "They were there
when I needed them."

But his wife of 60 years didn't survive the accident; she died several weeks
later. Forthman, 86, said he wasn't sure he could cope. "I was simply not
functioning very well. I honestly thought I might have to be hospitalized."

Three village volunteers visited him the day she died, bringing coffee,
croissants, hugs and sympathetic ears. "For someone going through that
experience, listening is what they want," he said.

Another volunteer who has since become a good friend helped Forthman write and
publish a newspaper obituary and led the arrangements for Lynn Forthman's
memorial service, including finding a rabbi.

Others helped hire vendors to prepare his large Berkeley hills home for sale and
to find a condominium in an adults-only community in Berkeley.

He now joins the numerous social events the village organizes, from hikes and
potlucks to book groups and seminars.

Most villages have one or two full-time staff members and a cadre of volunteers
from fellow members to high school students.

Ashby Village launched in 2010 with $80,000 in dues and donations from charter
members and now has 170 members. It hopes to double that number, said Andy
Gaines, executive director. Ninety-five percent of its members renewed this
year, paying $750 individually or $1,200 per household.

The villages serve a population falling between a wide gap in care for aging
Americans. Medicaid covers nursing homes and some in-home care for the poorest,
and the wealthy can afford costly assisted-living facilities or hired help. "But
for people who are middle-class or upper middle-class, there was a hole," Gaines
said.

A UC Berkeley researcher is heading a three-year evaluation, funded by the
Archstone Foundation, to determine the qualities most likely to ensure the
long-term viability of the nonprofit villages.

"It's too early to draw any conclusions, except that villages seem to be doing
pretty well," said Andrew Scharlach, director of UC Berkeley's Center for
Advanced Study of Aging Services. The numbers of villages nationwide are
"growing exponentially," he said.

Only a few have failed, Scharlach said, and that was due to either lack of
capital or lack of leadership and paid staff.

Coven, with the Silicon Valley Village, said about 20 volunteers are working to
launch it once they secure enough startup funding, expected mostly from
individuals.

"Our goal is $100,000 so we won't ever have to close our doors," Coven said.

They will charge $800 annually per person, or $950 per household. They plan to
start small, serving Los Gatos, Saratoga, Monte Sereno and parts of Campbell and
add 100 members yearly until they're serving most of Santa Clara County.

Does anything similar serve older adults?

"There is nothing, there is nothing," Coven said.

Suzanne Bohan covers science. Contact her at 510-262-2789. Follow her at
Twitter.com/suzbohan .

Village Network

To learn more about the village movement, go to www.vtvnetwork.org .

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Paul Axelrod, right, a volunteer with Ashby Village, replaces an
outside light at the home of Joan Strand, left, on Wednesday, Nov. 23, 2011, in
Berkeley, Calif. The "Village Movement," a grass roots network run by staff and
volunteers nationwide, is helping to allow seniors to stay in their homes by
aiding with tasks like dog-walking, cooking, home care and access to health
providers. (D. Ross Cameron/Staff)
Volunteers Marjorie Hart, 79, left, Lee Coven, 72, center, and Beverly Wilets,
73, right, gather at Coven's home to stuff envelopes to recruit new members for
the Silicon Valley Village in San Jose, Calif., on Tuesday, November 22, 2011.
(Josie Lepe/Staff)
Volunteer Lee Coven, 72, stuffs envelopes to recruit new members for the Silicon
Valley Village in San Jose, Calif. on Tuesday, November 22, 2011. (Josie
Lepe/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                February 23, 1992, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Trips for Travelers in a Hurry

BYLINE: By CLIFFORD J. LEVY;  CLIFFORD J. LEVY is on the foreign news desk of
The New York Times.

SECTION: Section 5; Page 23; Column 1; Travel Desk

LENGTH: 1222 words


TRAVELERS prone to sudden bouts of wanderlust face a problem: because they want
to leave town quickly, they usually must scramble for leftover reservations by
calling travel agents, airlines, hotels or package tour operators.

If they are lucky, they may be able to book their desired itinerary at a price
that has been discounted by a company eager to unload tickets with little time
before departure. But some travelers may not find the reservation they want,
forcing them to pay extra or change their schedule or destination.

Now there is a "900" telephone number that brings together these travelers and
travel companies with leftover reservations. Callers to the service, Last Minute
Travel Connection, (900) 446-8292, are guided through a telephonic maze,
pressing buttons on their touch-tone phones to hear recorded advertisements of
discounted offers.

The number, operated by La Onda Ltd. in Northbrook, Ill., began taking calls
nationally last month and costs callers $1 a minute. (Another company that
offered a "900" number, Fastbreak Vacations, operated by Casey Travel
Corporation in Chicago, discontinued it recently for at least a month.)

The Travel Connection is the latest wrinkle in the discount travel field, which
has expanded greatly in the last decade with the growth of discount travel clubs
and ticket brokers. The travel clubs usually charge a yearly fee and then offer
members, often through a toll-free number or a newsletter, discounted deals.

The American Society of Travel Agents says it has received no complaints from
its membership or the public about the Travel Connection. But before plunging
into the world of discount travel, consumers should be aware of a few caveats.
Because it is pegged to supply and demand, availability of discounted travel is
very unpredictable. Tickets often cannot be canceled. And with some deals, the
reservations are controlled by a ticket broker or a barter company, so changes
cannot be made through the airline, hotel or cruise line.

"When you book six months out, you're getting exactly what you want to buy,"
said Ray Mathes, an executive at Apple Vacations, a large discount tour operator
in Chicago that advertises on services like the Travel Connection. "When you do
things at the last minute, you're going to take a chance."

Richard Dickieson, president of La Onda and a former travel agent, said he set
up the Travel Connection because finding reservations at the last minute can be
costly and frustrating. Consumers must pay to join discount clubs, while travel
agents, he maintained, often fail to tell customers about their options.

He emphasized that his service publicizes its offerings up to the last moment,
unlike an advertisement, which must be written in advance and may become
outdated. The recordings on the Travel Connection can be changed every hour if
necessary, he said, adding that the service typically features about 300 items,
from package tours to cruises to airline tickets. Most are discounted about 20
to 65 percent, Mr. Dickieson said.

How large a discount is available depends on the original cost and departure
date. In general, if a trip is very expensive and complicated -- like a tour
package that includes a flight to Europe and then a Mediterranean cruise -- it
will be discounted more heavily and earlier, perhaps a few months before
departure. A one-way flight from New York to Los Angeles would be discounted
less and might be offered only a week in advance.

Travel companies use discount services because reservations are highly
perishable -- the moment the plane or cruise ship leaves, they become worthless.
So at some point, the companies will settle for any money they can get.

The companies advertising on the Travel Connection, which operates 24 hours a
day, include ticket brokers, tour operators, travel agencies and barter
services, which sell items that they have received in trades with travel
companies. There is no charge for the listing company; La Onda makes money only
from callers' fees.

Calls to the service average about three to five minutes. Each listing includes
a brief description of the item, the discounted price, the original price and
the number of the travel company to phone for more information.

ARECENT 10-minute call to the Last Minute Travel Connection found that some
categories, like flights from New York to Africa, had no current listings, while
others had many. That seems to reflect the haphazard nature of discount travel.

Among the items offered in late January on the Travel Connection were an
11-night cruise from Malaga, Spain, to the Canary Islands on the Cunard
Princess, departing Feb. 26, for $1,740.

The recording said the original price for the cruise, which includes round-trip
airfare from an East Coast city to Madrid, was $2,900. The reservation was
offered by Cruises Inc., (800) 854-0500.

Another offering was for reservations at the Marriott Hotel in Anaheim, Calif.,
for $89 a night, discounted from $180. That reservation was offered by Hotel
Connections, (800) 383-1969.

While anyone can call the Travel Connection, some discount travel clubs offer
members access to hotlines that feature similar deals. Some hotlines are
toll-free numbers; others may require long-distance calls. The numbers are
restricted to members, who usually must make reservations through the club.

A sampling of clubs includes these:

Moment's Notice Discount Travel Club -- (212) 486-0503: Annual dues are $19.92.
Moment's Notice was founded in 1983. Members can call a hotline featuring
discounts on a broad range of travel arrangements. The information is updated
about three times a week, and discounts range from 5 to 65 percent, said Ellen
R. Rubin, the club's director.

Discount Travel International -- (215) 668-7184: $45. Discount Travel, founded
in 1982, offers members a 50 percent discount at 1,300 hotels, as well as
discounts on car rentals and a 5 percent rebate on air tickets bought through
its affiliated travel agency.

A recent call yielded offers on a number of cruises and hotel packages, but the
advertisements were vague, requiring a call to another number to seek more
information. Nathan J. Gans, president of Discount Travel, said the company
found that when it packed too much information onto the recordings, members
became confused and had to call for more details on the packages anyway.

Vacations to Go -- (800) 338-4962: $19.95. Members receive a subscription to the
club's quarterly magazine; postcards twice a month describing deals, and access
to a two-minute toll-free hotline featuring the club's 10 best discounts.
Vacations to Go was founded in 1984. Most packages are discounted from 20 to 65
percent, said Basilio Cruz, the club's marketing manager.

Encore -- (800) 638-8976: $48. Encore, in operation since 1978, solicits members
primarily through credit card companies, which offer the opportunity to join as
a bonus to their customers. One benefit of membership is a 50 percent discount
on reservations at 3,500 hotels. The club offers a hotline advertising
discounted items, a newsletter and a reservations service.

Travelers who pay $36 more to join Encore's Short Notice Club are given access
to another toll-free number that lists last-minute discounts similar to those on
the Travel Connection.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                              March 5, 2007 Monday
                                 Metro Edition

inside track;
No new Macy's outlet store

BYLINE: Steve Alexander, David Phelps, Janet Moore, Staff Writers

SECTION: BUSINESS INSIDER; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 495 words


Macy's will soon close its discounted furniture outlet store at 701 NE.
Industrial Blvd., but it won't be opening another one.

Instead, the company will occasionally sell discounted furniture at its
Furniture Gallery stores in Edina and Roseville (the former Marshall Field's
Home Stores) and at the downtown Minneapolis Macy's store, spokeswoman Jennifer
McNamara said.

This appears to a different direction than Macy's was contemplating in November,
when Frank Guzzetta, chairman and CEO of Macy's North (which covers Minnesota
and five other states), said the company hoped to open a new outlet store
elsewhere in Minneapolis.

The current outlet store is closing in connection with the shutdown of a Macy's
distribution center at the same location. McNamara said that a rumored closing
date of March 24 isn't correct, and that the facilities will close when their
remaining furniture inventory is sold.

"We have run a number of clearance events during the past few weeks, and the
merchandise is nearly gone," she said.

The Minneapolis distribution center, along with two others in Kansas City and
Warren, Mich., are being closed as a money-saving move that was announced in
November. As previously reported, the Minneapolis outlet store and distribution
center together employ 80 people who will be laid off when the facilities close.

Luther joins Fleishman

Former U.S. Rep. Bill Luther has joined the Minneapolis office of Fleishman
Hillard as a senior government relations counsel and adviser. Luther, who also
served in the Legislature for 19 years, will split his time between the Twin
Cities and Washington, where he also will represent clients for the entire
Fleishman network.

Luther, a DFLer who represented the 6th Congressional District, was a member of
the House Energy and Commerce Committee during his term in office.

He will use that background to advise clients, particularly alternative energy
firms in their dealings with government.

Insider trading probe has Twin Cities roots

The government's probe into Wall Street's relationship with hedge funds included
accusations of insider trading in deals involving Twin Cities companies.

Prosecutors last week accused Randi Collotta, 30, a compliance officer at Morgan
Stanley, of telling her husband Christopher Collotta, 34, and Marc Jurman, 31, a
broker in Florida, about deals in 2004 and 2005 including Johnson & Johnson's
failed $24.2 billion bid for Guidant Corp., which has substantial operations in
Arden Hills, and Minnetonka-based UnitedHealth Group Incorporated's $8.2 billion
acquisition of PacifiCare Health Systems Inc., according to Bloomberg News.

Jurman traded on some of the information and passed it on to others, generating
thousands of dollars in profits that were passed back to the Collottas and
others, according to the Securities and Exchange Commission complaint. Two Bear
Stearns brokers also benefited from the leaks at New York-based Morgan Stanley,
the world's second-largest securities firm.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              April 9, 2004 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

THEATER GUIDE

SECTION: Section E; PT1; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 2232 words



A selective listing by critics of The Times: New or noteworthy Broadway and Off
Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. *
denotes a highly recommended show.
+ means discounted tickets were available at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS
booth for performances last Friday and Saturday nights.
++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for last Friday
night only.
+++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for last Saturday
night only.

Broadway

++ ''FIDDLER ON THE ROOF.'' Should the entertainment entrepreneurs of Branson,
Mo., ever come up with a pavilion called Shtetl Land, this is what it would be
like. In David Leveaux's handsomely mounted, antiseptically acted revival of
this beloved musical of Jewish life in turn-of-the-century Russia, the ensemble
members go through their paces of song, dance and Yiddish humor with a bland,
dutiful cheer that rarely turns into anything more robust. It's a pretty, prim
production that is bafflingly devoid of gusto, earthiness and warmth. An aura of
enervation starts at the top of the cast, with Alfred Molina's apologetic
performance as Tevye the milkman, and penetrates like a paralyzing fog into even
the smallest roles. Randy Graff, suggesting a fashion editor who has discovered
peasant chic, plays Tevye's wife. Tom Pye's set is lovely to look at, and the
orchestra sounds swell. But a ''Fiddler'' without a soul has no reason to be
(3:00). Minskoff, 200 West 45th Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.;
Wednesdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and
8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $35 to $100 (Ben Brantley).

''SLY FOX.'' Why does Larry Gelbart's rowdy, bawdy reinvention of Ben Jonson's
''Volpone'' feel like such a relic? When the show first opened on Broadway in
1976, it was considered the last word in laugh-till-you-drop theater. And Mr.
Gelbart's dissection of the lust for lucre would certainly seem to have a place
in the age of the Enron and Tyco trials. Yet the sputtering new revival, which
features a big-name cast led by Richard Dreyfuss, only occasionally comes to
full comic life. Directed by Arthur Penn (who staged the original), this tale of
dirty rotten swindlers in San Francisco in the late 1800's brings to mind a car
that has been in the garage for a couple of decades. It emits the occasional
promising cough of ignition. But all the concentrated effort of a starry
ensemble that just wants to be funny -- and that includes Eric Stoltz, Bronson
Pinchot and Elizabeth Berkley -- can't make this production's engine turn over
long enough to start purring (2:15). Barrymore Theater, 243 West 47th Street,
(212) 239-6200. Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Thursdays and
Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $76.25
to $91.25 (Brantley).

''TWENTIETH CENTURY.'' In Walter Bobbie's fitful production of Ben Hecht and
Charles MacArthur's portrait of battling theatrical egos, adapted by Ken Ludwig,
Anne Heche portrays Lily Garland, nee Mildred Plotka. Lily is one of those
1930's movie goddesses who look as if they were born on a sea-wafted half shell,
wreathed in white satin. But in Ms. Heche's angular, animated performance that
scrappy little floozy named Mildred keeps peeking out from beneath the tinsel.
Ms. Heche's self-dramatizing character is a happily unhappy fraud, a shopgirl
who became the women she worshiped on the screen. Whenever she's onstage this
''Twentieth Century,'' set on a New York-bound luxury train, picks up speed.
Otherwise -- despite the formidable if misapplied charisma of Alec Baldwin in
the role of Lily's great love and nemesis, the megalomaniacal theater producer
Oscar Jaffe -- this comedy of grand postures and bad manners feels stalled in
the 1930's, gathering dust (1:45). American Airlines Theater, 227 West 42nd
Street, (212) 719-1300. Tonight at 7; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2
p.m.; Wednesday at 2 and 8 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m. Tickets: $46.25
to $76.25 (Brantley).

Off Broadway

* ''BRIDGE & TUNNEL.'' Contemporary solo performance takes great craft and
generosity. Sarah Jones has both: you see them in every moment of her new show.
We're in the Bridge & Tunnel Cafe in South Queens for the annual ''I Am a Poet
Too'' reading. The host, Mohammed Ali, a genial Pakistani accountant, proudly
explains that the letters in ''I Am a Poet Too'' stand for ''Immigrant and
Multiculturalist American Poets or Enthusiasts Traveling Toward Optimistic
Openness.'' When Ms. Jones is Mohammed Ali, she dons a sports jacket over black
pants and a black shirt. Her tops and accessories change. Her gestures and
movements change, too, and multiple characters emerge: a Brooklyn rapper, a Long
Island grandmother, a Vietnamese slam poet, an Australian vamp-provocateuse and
a Jamaican poet-performer-playwright-actress-spoken-word-artist. Ms. Jones's ear
and voice are flawless, and she is a fine writer, too. Pitch, accent, vocal
rhythms and poetry styles: she gets them all. This young performer displays
spirit and uncanny accuracy as she portrays a host of immigrants and outsiders
who make up this hybrid nation (1:40) 45 Bleecker, 45 Bleecker Street, East
Village. (212) 307-4100. Mondays, Wednesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.,
Saturdays at 3 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 7 p.m. Tickets: $25 and $45 (Margo
Jefferson).

''EMBEDDED.'' Even when you're preaching to the choir, it helps if you can make
the gospel come to life. Tim Robbins's series of Brechtian sketches, performed
by the Actors' Gang, examines the making and selling of the war in Iraq with
such collegiate energy and earnestness that it feels as if it would be only good
form to respond with a chorus of indignant amens. Even boos and gasps of
disapproval would surely be welcome to Mr. Robbins, the show's writer and
director, and his industrious performers. Yet for anyone who has brought an even
mildly skeptical eye to the trials and errors of current foreign policy,
''Embedded'' winds up sounding like last Sunday's sermon. Audience members
already in sympathy with Mr. Robbins's political views -- the folks, in other
words, most likely to attend ''Embedded'' -- will quite possibly go from nodding
in agreement to simply nodding off. This sincere, hard-working revue testifies,
above all, to the difficulties of keeping satire fresh in the 21st century
(1:30). Public Theater/Newman, 425 Lafayette Street, East Village, (212)
239-6200. Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Thursdays at 8 p.m.; Fridays at 7 and 10
p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $50 (Brantley).

* ''HANNAH AND MARTIN.'' Ideas can be more frenzied and violent than feelings,
wrote the great theater critic Eric Bentley. This frightening truth is at the
center of ''Hannah and Martin.'' Hannah is the writer and political theorist
Hannah Arendt, Martin the German philosopher Martin Heidegger, who was her
teacher, mentor and (for much of the 1920's) lover. In 1933 Arendt fled Germany
and Heidegger joined the Nazi Party. When the play opens in 1946. Arendt is a
much-admired public intellectual when she decides to write a letter asking that
Martin, who was removed from his teaching position after the war, be reinstated.
David Straithairn portrays a passionate yet chilly Heidegger, obsessed with
abstractions but perfectly able to manage his own professional advancement.
Melissa Friedman captures Arendt's intellectual passion and disdain for cant
(2:00). Epic Theater Center at the Manhattan Ensemble Theater, 55 Mercer Street,
SoHo, (212) 279-4200. Wednesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8
p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m.; Tickets: $40 (Jefferson)

+ ''JOHNNY GUITAR.'' Good news for people confused by the strange and the
subversive in popular entertainment: the wildest western in film history has
been tamed. ''Johnny Guitar,'' Nicholas Ray's convention-bending fever dream of
a movie from 1954, has been translated into a downright cozy pocket musical.
This modest, blandly tuneful show is unlikely to inspire anything like the
strong responses that greeted Ray's film, a baroquely stylized, Freudian vision
of an American frontier where two women (played by Joan Crawford and Mercedes
McCambridge) stand tall and men quake in their shadows. Featuring a book by
Nicholas van Hoogstraten and songs by Martin Silvestire and Joel Higgins (who
also directs), the adaptation is a wholesome, corny wink of a production that
never tries for the heights of inspired pastiche. Judy McLane, who nicely evokes
Crawford's toothache sincerity, is the virile Vienna, a pants-wearing saloon
owner, and Steve Blanchard is her low-key love interest (2:00). Century Center
for the Performing Arts, 111 East 15th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays at 8
p.m.; Wednesdays at 3 and 8 p.m.; Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at
3 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $65 (Brantley).

* ''MORE.'' Yeardley Smith is not a household name but she plays one on TV.
Anyone who sees this one-woman show probably knows her as the voice and soul of
Lisa Simpson, the youngest, hippest member of the world's foremost cartoon
family. As it turns out, she is a charming actress in her own skin and a smart,
complicated woman who talks cleanly about her craving for fame, love and food.
The director is that excellent actress Judith Ivey, who brings out Ms. Smith's
physical gifts -- a great pleasure since we know her best as a voice. Ms. Smith
has a round, dimpled face and a nice round body; it is not surprising that she
was able to fool people about her bulimia for 25 years, and she uses her gifts
to lay this compulsion bare. Every young woman in America should see this show
(1:30). Union Square Theater, 100 East 17th Street, (212) 307-7171. Wednesdays
through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 6 and 9 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 7 p.m.
Tickets: $20 to $50 (Jefferson).

''SARAH SARAH.'' Family stories never end; they revise themselves in each
generation. In Daniel Goldfarb's deftly written play, the always splendid, never
flashy J. Smith-Cameron stars as Sarah Grosberg, an implacable mother in 1961
Toronto whose adored son, Artie, has just become engaged. His fiancee is too --
well, it's not clear what's wrong with 18-year-old Rochelle Bloom except that
Sarah is determined to find nothing right with her. Thanks to cutting dialogue
and Mark Nelson's staging, the two women's confrontation becomes a domestic
cross-examination. In Act II, 40 years later, Artie is a father who has, with
reservations, accompanied his daughter (Ms. Smith-Cameron again) on her trip to
China to adopt an orphan. While the ending feels a bit over-sweetened, the
actors are a pleasure to watch (1:30). Manhattan Theater Club at City Center
Stage II, 131 West 55th Street, (212) 581-1212. Tuesdays through Fridays at 7:30
p.m.; Saturdays at 2:30 and 7:30 p.m.; Sundays at 2:30 p.m. Tickets: $47, with a
limited number of $25 student rush tickets at box office up to one hour before
show time on day of performance (Jefferson).

* ''WELL.'' Lisa Kron made her reputation as a monologuist of wry, rueful wit
and thorny eloquence. With this remarkable memory play about her mother, she has
constructed a theatrical world that keeps interrupting and undermining the
polished self-containment of the stand-up memoir. ''Well'' systematically
dismantles the armor Ms. Kron wears as a performer, from her self-consciously
self-conscious stage persona to her carefully barbed phrasing. To do so, it
enlists a full-dress, expertly assembled production, directed by Leigh
Silverman, and a cast that features the wonderful Jayne Houdyshell as Ms. Kron's
mother, who eventually takes over the play. ''Well,'' Ms. Kron tells her
audience, is about illness and racial integration, and it slyly finds the
connection between such seemingly disparate subjects. And while accepting that
it is impossible to know someone else completely, ''Well'' paradoxically leads
you into believing that you know Ms. Kron's mother very well indeed. A play of
remarkable generosity and humility (1:45). Public Theater/Martinson Hall, 425
Lafayette Street, East Village, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8
p.m.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $50
(Brantley).

Last Chance

* ''FROZEN.'' For a play centered on a serial murderer of little girls, Bryony
Lavery's humane, intelligent drama is striking for its sustained aura of
ordinariness. ''Frozen'' is indeed the story of the brutal killing of a child
and its repercussions. Yet no trace of sensationalism colors Doug Hughes's
beautifully acted, carefully considered production, which stars Swoosie Kurtz
(as the child's mother), Brian F. O'Byrne (as the murderer) and Laila Robins (as
an academic specializing in serial killers). No sinister, spine-tingling music
or screams of terror and pain are heard. Instead, a contemplative quiet enfolds
the stage. And the characters, who often speak in monologues, don't so much vent
their intense emotions as betray them through involuntary eruptions that they
quickly stifle. In the age of the Amber Alert and Megan's Law, ''Frozen'' brings
a coolly discursive attitude to a hot-button subject. This is not to say it is
in any way unfeeling (2:30). MCC Theater, 136 East 13th Street, East Village,
(212) 279-4200. Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2:30 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $50
(Brantley).


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Eric Stoltz, left, and Richard Dreyfuss in the revivial of
''Sly Fox.'' (Photo by Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)
 Jayne Houdyshell, left, and Lisa Kron in Ms. Kron's ''Well.'' (Photo by Sara
Krulwich/The New York Times)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 3, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Bond Prices End Mixed on Rate Concerns

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D; Page 20; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 790 words


Prices of Treasury securities were mixed yesterday, after a strong manufacturing
report raised the specter that the Federal Reserve might again increase interest
rates. The report offset good demand from European investors who were looking
for a safe haven after a Socialist-led coalition won French elections.

The National Association of Purchasing Management index in May rose to an
unexpectedly strong 57.1 from 54.2 in April. Traders said that the losses
yesterday were limited since the market is technically in good shape. They added
that early gains had been made on data indicating a weakening in personal
spending and income.

The 30-year bond rose 4/32 to a price of 96 19/32, pushing its yield down
slightly to 6.90 percent, from 6.91 percent on Friday.

Dr. Sherry Cooper, chief economist at Nesbitt Burns Securities, said that the
purchasing report for May underscored broad-based strength in manufacturing. A
strong economy is often accompanied by inflation, which erodes the value of
long-term securities like bonds.

The purchasing index hit its highest level since November 1994, and the
underlying components point to further strength in the months ahead, Dr. Cooper
said.

Anthony Chan, vice president and chief economist at the Banc One Investment
Advisers Corporation in Columbus, Ohio, said, "With orders moving up sharply and
the supplier delivery component also putting in a strong performance, it is hard
to continue touting the story of a collapsing economy."

"Over all, many investors began to worry that the robust orders component in the
N.A.P.M. may translate into higher production levels and faster employment
growth," he said. "The big fear is that the slowdown in consumption during the
second quarter may only be a pause, rather than a signal of continued moderate
growth in the quarters ahead."

On the supply side of the Government securities market yesterday, the Treasury
auctioned $30 billion of 14-day cash management bills, as well as holding the
regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills, which has been totaling
about $15 billion a week.

Analysts called the outcome of the weekly bill auction average to mediocre, with
the three-month bill priced to produce an average rate of 4.93 percent, down
from 5.03 percent last week, and the six-month bill rate an average of 5.22
percent, down from 5.26 percent.

For now the supply of bills remains tight, in the face of strong demand. Also
helping the short end of the market was speculation that there would be a bill
pass by the Fed, but sellers used the up ticks in the market as selling
opportunities. A bill pass is when the Fed enters the market to buy various
maturity bills to add reserves permanently to the banking system; the Fed never
discusses a pass until it finishes one.

A rally in the dollar yesterday also proved a key for bonds, since a strong
dollar makes dollar-denominated investments like Treasury securities more
attractive to foreign investors. because of the potential gains from currency
exchange.

"It was a decidedly quiet day which probably exaggerated any positive or
negative spin you could put on Monday's action," said David Ader, regional
director of fixed income at Technical Data in Boston. "With that major caveat in
mind, you still come away impressed with the price action. The market responded
well to strong N.A.P.M. numbers. This is the first read on the May data, and the
market is closing higher in spite of it."

Following are the results of yesterday's Treasury auctions of new three-month
and six-month bills, as well as of the 14-day cash management bills:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

                                 3-Mo. Bills         6-Mo. Bills
Average Price                         98.754              97.361
Discounted Rate                        4.93%               5.22%
Coupon Yield                           5.06%               5.44%
High Price                            98.761              97.366
Discounted Rate                        4.90%               5.21%
Coupon Yield                           5.03%               5.43%
Low Price                             98.751              97.361
Discounted Rate                        4.94%               5.22%
Coupon Yield                           5.07%               5.44%
Accepted at low price                    42%                 94%
Total applied for                $34,014,112         $38,769,126
Accepted                          $7,525,476          $7,537,872
Noncompetitive                    $1,323,265          $1,162,156


Both issues are dated June 5, 1997. The three-month bills mature on Sept. 4,
1997, and the six-month bills mature on Dec. 4, 1997.

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 99.796
Discounted Rate . . . 5.25%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.33%
High Price . . . 99.797
Discounted Rate . . . 5.28%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.36%
Low Price . . . 99.795
Discounted Rate . . . 5.23%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.30%
Accepted at low price . . . 69%
Total applied for . . . $64,243,000
Accepted . . . $30,022,000
Noncompetitive . . . 0

The 14-day cash management bills mature June 17, 1997.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "3-Month Treasury Bills" tracks average discounted rate, in
percent at weekly auction, since February. (Source: The Bond Buyer)

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 30, 2012 Friday

Agency offering Fort Bliss soldiers discounts for travel, amusement parks

BYLINE: David Burge, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 625 words


Nov. 30--An organization that serves as a travel and ticket agency for Fort
Bliss soldiers and their families has moved across the sprawling installation,
but it's still offering military families discounted travel and amusement park
tickets.

Leisure Travel Services moved its main office from West Fort Bliss to the
Roberto Loeza Soldier Activity Center, 20732 Constitution, when the new facility
opened in August.

Leisure Travel Services is part of Family and Morale, Welfare and Recreation and
was previously known as Information, Ticketing and Registration, or ITR.

It sells discounted tickets for amusement parks in Texas, California, Florida
and other parks by request, said Shawnna Barrientos, assistant business manager
for

Leisure Travel Services at Fort Bliss.

The organization also books cruises and different types of vacation packages,
which include air travel, hotel accommodations and a rental car. The cruises and
vacation packages are discounted at least 10 percent, Barrientos said.

The service is open to active-duty service members, military retirees, their
families and Department of Defense civilian employees.

It is meant to be convenient for soldiers and their families, who don't have to
go off post to book vacations, Barrientos said. They can also save money by
using the service, she added.

"We just want them to know we are out there," Barrientos said. "We've posted it
everywhere that we've moved. We want military families

to take advantage of our services. Some people don't even know that Leisure
Travel Services exists."

While Leisure Travel Services has moved its main office to the growing eastern
part of the installation, it still has a presence on West Bliss. It operates a
kiosk at Freedom Crossing.

That smaller location also sells discounted amusement park tickets and includes
a Ticketmaster outlet.

The main office on East Bliss hopes to add a Ticketmaster outlet in the near
future to go with its other full-service offerings, Barrientos said.

The Fort Bliss community can use both both locations to sign up to sell their
privately owned vehicles on the post in a designated resale lot.

The fee is $15 per 30 days per car with a limit of two cars in a calendar year.

Denise Noel is married to retired Sgt. Maj. Ramzy Noel. She used the Leisure
Travel Services office for the first time earlier this week to plan a cruise for
next summer.

"It's easy access," she said. "You don't have to go off post. The prices are
amazing."

Military families make a lot of sacrifices, especially during deployments, Noel
said. This is just another perk for their service, she said.

Leisure Travel Services sells tickets for such destinations as Disneyland,
Knotts Berry Farm, Magic Mountain and Universal Studios in California; the
Schlitterbahn, Sea World and Six Flags in Texas; and Disneyworld and Legoland in
Florida.

It also sells discounted tickets for local attractions like Western Playland,
Wet "N" Wild Water World, Adventure Zone and Diablos baseball games.

Plan a vacation

-- The main Leisure Travel Services office is at 20732 Constitution in the
Roberto Loeza Soldier Activity Center.

-- Its hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday; closed from 1 to 2
p.m. for lunch. It is open 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. on Saturday. It is open on training
holidays, except when announced, but is closed on holidays.

-- A second location is at Freedom Crossing.

-- This location is open 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Saturday but is closed
for lunch from 2 to 2:30 p.m. It is also open on most training holidays but
closed on holidays.

-- Information: East Bliss, 744-1522; West Bliss, 569-6446.

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20121130-EY-Agency-offering-Fort-Bliss-soldiers-discounts-for-travel-amusement-p
arks-1130-20121130

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                             March 28, 2014 Friday

Daily Digest

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 145 words


Habitat scheduled 3 house blessings  BLOOMINGTON -- Habitat for Humanity of
McLean County will have three house blessing celebrations Saturday in
Bloomington.

The Shephard family celebration is at 10 a.m. Saturday at 13 Trailside; the
Satterfield family gathering is at 11 a.m. Saturday at 11 Trailside; and the
Bennett family dedication is at noon Saturday at 15 Trailside.

Discounted pool passes going on sale

NORMAL -- Discounted pool passes for Fairview and Anderson pools in Normal will
be on sale from 8:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. April 1 through May 9, Monday through
Friday, at Normal Parks and Recreation office, 100 E. Phoenix.

The discounted price is $140 for a family pass and $80 for an individual pass.
Passes can be used at either pool. Fairview Family Aquatic Center opens May 24
for the season. Anderson Pool opens May 31. For more information, call
309-454-9540.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Pantagraph


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             August 3, 2004 Tuesday
                                  All Editions

Analysts question value of airfare war

BYLINE: Mike Comerford, Daily Herald Business Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 584 words


Already reeling from losses and under-funded pensions, United Airlines has
touched off an air fare war, a move that will cut its margins as it seeks to
exit bankruptcy.

Elk Grove Township-based United confirmed Monday that it is selling tickets
through Aug. 13 for discounted trips through Dec. 15. Saying it is "putting the
world on sale," it is offering the discounted fares to all its destinations.
It's also offering bonus miles and a room deal with Marriott.

American Airlines responded by rescinding its $5 jet fuel hike on tickets and
also lowered fares. Northwest Airlines also responded with discounted fares.

"If the airlines don't get a hold of this runaway fare train then people better
enjoy their trips because this industry cannot go on like this," said Terry
Trippler, a consumer advocate at Minneapolis-based Sidestep.com, a travel search
engine.

Troubled airlines in the past have offered fare sales to keep cash flow going
and seats full.

Still, United has said it intends on exiting Chapter 11 bankruptcy protection
this year, despite the fact its losses are projected to be well in excess of $1
billion.

Simultaneously, UAL Corp.' s United Airlines is struggling with its cost
structure, which is much higher than discount competitors.

On Monday, United indicated that it may try to renegotiate aircraft financing
deals. If the financing arrangements cannot be renegotiated, United said lessors
or other financiers may choose to repossess its aircraft.

The airline already has said it will not make any more pension payments to its
under-funded pension plans until it exits bankruptcy.

And in a symbolic gesture, Chief Executive Officer Glen Tilton said he is
voluntarily reducing his salary to $712,500, down from $845,500. Tilton has cut
his pay several times since his original $950,000 salary was set in the fall of
2002.

United blames the need for additional cuts on the government's recent rejection
of its application for backing of a reduced $1.1 billion in loan guarantees.

"They have to make sure they're down to market rates on everything," said Ray
Neidl, airline analyst for Blaylock and Partners. "I'm not sure they achieved
that in the first round (of cost cutting)."

And it isn't clear United's cost cutting plans will be successful.

The International Association of Machinists filed a second lawsuit on Monday in
U.S. District Court in New Jersey against Tilton and two other UAL officers for
halting the pension contributions. The union claims that executives failed to
treat all creditors equally.

United on Monday said the lawsuit is "groundless and has no more merit than the
lawsuit filed last week." The company also said it was "inappropriate and
counterproductive" to name the executives and scolded the union for addressing
the issue outside of the bankruptcy court process.

The union - representing 27,000 United bag handlers, customer service agents and
other workers - filed a similar lawsuit in Chicago last week. In that suit, the
union said officers, including Chief Financial Officer Jake Brace and Chief
Operating Officer Peter McDonald, didn't oversee pension plans properly.

"We'll do whatever it takes to protect the interests of our members," Robert
Roach, general vice president of the union's transportation division, said in an
interview. "The only options that we're looking at at this time would provide
full benefits."

The union may take additional legal actions, Roach said, without providing
details.

- Daily Herald news services contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                       March 3, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Warren Resources Announces Year-End 2014 Reserves

LENGTH: 850  words


March 3 -- Warren Resources, Inc. ("Warren" or the "Company") (Nasdaq:WRES)
today announced its year-end 2014 estimated proved oil and gas reserves.

Warren's estimated proved oil and gas reserves totaled 428.1 billion cubic feet
of oil equivalent ("Bcfe") at December 31, 2014, an increase of approximately
111% from the 202.5 Bcfe at year-end 2013. Total proved reserves for 2014 were
24% crude oil (California) and 76% natural gas (Pennsylvania and Wyoming).
Proved developed producing ("PDP") and proved developed nonproducing ("PDNP")
reserves were 59% of total proved reserves at year-end 2014, and 41% of total
proved reserves were proved undeveloped ("PUD").

The estimated present value of the Company's oil and gas reserves at year-end
2014, discounted at 10% per annum and before the impact of income taxes
("PV-10", a non-GAAP measure)1 was approximately $609 million, compared to
approximately $504 million for year-end 2013. For commodity prices used in the
calculation of the present value of year-end proved reserves, Securities and
Exchange Commission ("SEC") rules require that calculations be based on the
average of the closing prices on the first of the month over the preceding
twelve months. For the year-end 2014 reserve evaluation, SEC pricing calculation
resulted in an average realized price of $86.71 per barrel of oil and an average
realized price of $3.22 per Mcf of natural gas, compared to $97.33 per barrel of
oil and $3.43 per Mcf of natural gas in 2013, respectively.

Crude Oil Reserves

Warren's oil reserves, essentially all of which are in California, increased 4%
to 16.8 million barrels of oil ("MMbo") as of December 31, 2014, compared to
16.1 MMbo at the prior year-end. This increase is primarily attributable to
positive revisions to previously booked EURs and organic reserve additions
resulting from Warren's development activities in the Wilmington field in 2014.
PDP and PDNP reserves at year-end 2014 were 8.6 MMbo, or 51% of total oil
reserves, which compares to 8.5 MMbo in 2013, or 53% of total oil reserves.

The PV-10 value of the Company's oil reserves at December 31, 2014 was
approximately $377 million, compared to $418 million at year-end 2013. The
variance was driven by the lower average crude oil prices in 2014.

Natural Gas Reserves

Warren's proved natural gas reserves, which are primarily comprised of
properties in Pennsylvania, Wyoming, New Mexico and Texas, increased 209% to
327.3 Bcf at year-end 2014, compared to 106.0 Bcf at December 31, 2013.  This
increase is primarily attributable to the reserves associated with the Marcellus
shale properties acquired in August 2014, positive revisions to previously
booked EURs and organic reserve additions resulting from Warren's development
activities in the Atlantic Rim area of Wyoming in 2014.  At year-end 2014, PDP
and PDNP reserves were 62% of total proved gas reserves, compared to 74% at
December 31, 2013.  At year-end 2014, PDP and PDNP reserves were 56% of total
proved gas reserves in Pennsylvania and 73% in Wyoming.

The PV-10 value of the Company's natural gas reserves at December 31, 2014 was
approximately $232 million, compared to approximately $86 million at year-end
2013.

Disclosures

The information in this release is unaudited and subject to revision. Audited
and final results will be provided in our Annual Report on Form 10-K for the
year ended December 31, 2014 currently planned to be filed with Securities and
Exchange Commission on March 11, 2015.

Information on Reserves and PV-10 Value

The PV-10 value represents a non-GAAP measure that differs from the standardized
measure of discounted future net cash flows presented in Warren's Form 10-K,
which includes the effect of future income taxes. The standardized measure of
discounted future net cash flows represents the present value of future cash
flows attributable to our proved oil and natural gas reserves after income tax,
discounted at 10%. The PV-10 value represents the present value of future cash
flows attributable to our proved oil and gas reserves before income tax,
discounted at 10% per annum. We use PV-10 value when assessing the potential
return on investment related to our oil and gas properties. Although it is a
non-GAAP measure, we believe that the presentation of the PV-10 value is
relevant and useful to our investors because it presents the discounted future
net cash flows attributable to our proved reserves prior to taking into account
future corporate income taxes and our current tax structure.

In accordance with SEC requirements, our reserves, PV-10 value and standardized
measure at December 31, 2014 and 2013, were determined using average monthly
pricing for 2014 and 2013. These prices reflect adjustment by lease for quality,
transportation fees and regional price differences.

Warren's reported reserve estimates do not include any probable or possible
reserves. Warren's estimated proved reserves at December 31, 2014 and 2013 were
prepared by the independent reserve engineering firm Netherland, Sewell &
Associates, Inc. in accordance with SEC guidelines.

Source: Warren Resources

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

Pennsylvania: Department of Public Welfare Issues Solicitation for "8510 Oxygen
Therapy Services"

LENGTH: 280  words

DATELINE: Harrisburg


Department of Public Welfare has issued requirement for "8510 Oxygen Therapy
Services"

Reference No.: 6100032264

Solicitation Type: IFB

Description: The Department of Human Services, Torrance State Hospital is
seeking solicitations from vendors for oxygen therapy services for its clients
at Torrance State Hospital, Westmoreland County PA.  The anticipated Term of the
contract is to be from February 1, 2015 until January 31, 2018.  The contract
may not begin until all Commonwealth approvals have been completed and the
vendor is in possession of a valid Purchase Order.

Bids must be entered through the PASupplier Portal in order to be found
responsive, access to the portal may be found at the following address:

https://www.pasupplierportal.state.pa.us/irj/portal/anonymous
Vendors who have not registered may do so at the portal prior to bidding.

BIDDERS!!!!
Lines 5 and 6 are estimated Dollar amounts, we are requesting a discounted rate
based on $1.00.  If you wish to bid a 10% discount you would enter the price as
$.90.  Please ensure that you enter the discounted rate as you will be billing
at the discounted rate.

All attachments become part of the final contract including the Statement of
Work.

Point of Contact for the bid is:

Sharon Kachmarek
DPW-OMHSAS
Torrance State Hospital
State Route 1014
Torrance, PA 15779

Bids over $100,000.00 must complete the attached Lobbying Certification Form and
reattach it to the bid electronically.

Deadline for All responses: 01/20/15

Contact Information:

David Kern
Phone Number:  717-783-9281
Email:  dakern@pa.gov

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            November 9, 2007 Friday

Transit board puts a limit on fare discounts

BYLINE: By Fred Ortega, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


Seniors and disabled riders who use Foothill Transit's Silver Streak may be
spared the loss of their discount on the commuter line. But they will only be
eligible for the reduced fare during off-peak hours.

The Foothill Transit Executive Board decided Thursday to increase the discounted
senior and disabled fare from $1 to $1.25 and the monthly discounted pass from
$40 to $48. The decision must still be approved by the transit agency's
governing board.

Seniors, disabled and Medicare-eligible riders using the Silver Streak during
the peak hours of 6 to 10 a.m. and 2 to 7 p.m. would have to pay the full $2.50
fare. Those with monthly passes riding at peak hours would still have to pay the
$1.25 difference between the discounted rate and the full fare.

Thursday's decision also approves a 20 percent increase for adult and student
monthly passes on all Foothill Transit buses, and an 11-percent increase for
senior and disabled passes on regular bus lines. A senior and disabled discount
on the agency's Commuter Express route to downtown Los Angeles is also being
eliminated.

Daily cash fares for passengers on all regular, noncommuter lines will remain
the same.

Foothill Transit had planned to do away with the senior discount on the Silver
Streak, but officials came up with the alternate off-peak hours proposal after
receiving record feedback from the public against the plan.

"In comparison to our last increase (in 2005), we had about 200 percent more
comments from the public," said Foothill Transit spokeswoman Felicia Friesema.

Friesema said the increases are needed to make up for increased fuel and
maintenance costs. The senior discount was recommended to be discontinued after
surveys showed most seniors using the commuter lines were riding the bus to
work, as opposed to medical or other appointments.

Without the discount, senior and disabled riders on the Commuter Express will
pay more than double the current daily cash fare of $1.80. Their monthly passes
will go from $65 to $155.

Kenneth Profit, 62, who uses Silver Streak to get from West Covina to his drug
and alcohol rehabilitation appointments in El Monte, called the increase
"terrible."

"A 25-cent increase is doable," Profit said after getting off the Silver Streak
at the El Monte Bus Station during peak hours Friday. "But $2.50 is just too
much."

If approved by the Foothill Transit Governing Board next week, the changes will
go into effect Jan. 1. They are expected to generate about $2.58 million
annually.

fred.ortega@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2306

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Loris Scene (South Carolina)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 25, 2013

Scouts receive a NASCAR SpeedPark Scout patch

BYLINE: The Loris Scene staff

LENGTH: 203  words


NASCAR SpeedPark Myrtle Beach is inviting Boy Scouts and Girl Scouts to Scout
Day on Saturday, Oct. 26.

Scout Day will include discounted wristbands at $9.99 each plus tax for all
scouts, a $20 discount from the regular wristband price. Scouts booked with a
group of 10 or more people who book in advance for Scout Day will receive the
discounted admission and will also earn a free NASCAR SpeedPark Scout patch.

Scouts who do not meet the minimum group number are still invited to attend and
will receive the discounted admission price of $9.99 plus tax per scout by
showing their troop number, badge or certificate.

"Inviting the scout troops out is a great way to reward and encourage them, and
we're happy to provide a place where they can come enjoy a day of racing fun
with other Scouts," said Lakeisha Dukes, General Manager of NASCAR SpeedPark
Myrtle Beach.

NASCAR SpeedPark Myrtle Beach will be open from 11 a.m. to 9p.m. on Saturday,
Oct. 26. Regular wristband pricing is $29.99 plus tax. To book your troop and
receive the NASCAR SpeedPark patch, call or email Teresa Bradley at 843-913-9203
or teresa.bradley@nascar-speedpark.com The full 2013 park operating calendar may
be found at www.nascarspeedpark.co m/sc.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Accomplishment

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LRS

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2013 The Loris Scene


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                            November 9, 2007 Friday

Board trims bus discounts

BYLINE: By Fred Ortega, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


Seniors and disabled riders who use Foothill Transit's Silver Streak may be
spared the loss of their discount on the commuter line. But they will only be
eligible for the reduced fare during off-peak hours.

The Foothill Transit Executive Board decided Thursday to increase the discounted
senior and disabled fare from $1 to $1.25 and the monthly discounted pass from
$40 to $48. The decision must still be approved by the transit agency's
governing board.

Seniors, disabled and Medicare-eligible riders using the Silver Streak during
the peak hours of 6 to 10 a.m. and 2 to 7 p.m. would have to pay the full $2.50
fare. Those with monthly passes riding at peak hours would still have to pay the
$1.25 difference between the discounted rate and the full fare.

Thursday's decision also approves a 20 percent increase for adult and student
monthly passes on all Foothill Transit buses, and an 11-percent increase for
senior and disabled passes on regular bus lines. A senior and disabled discount
on the agency's Commuter Express route to downtown Los Angeles is also being
eliminated.

Daily cash fares for passengers on all regular, noncommuter lines will remain
the same.

Foothill Transit had planned to do away with the senior discount on the Silver
Streak, but officials came up with the alternate off-peak hours proposal after
receiving record feedback from the public against the plan.

"In comparison to our last increase (in 2005), we had about 200 percent more
comments from the public," said Foothill Transit spokeswoman Felicia Friesema.

Friesema said the increases are needed to make up for increased fuel and
maintenance costs. The senior discount was recommended to be discontinued after
surveys showed most seniors using the commuter lines were riding the bus to
work, as opposed to medical or other appointments.

Without the discount, senior and disabled riders on the Commuter Express will
pay more than double the current daily cash fare of $1.80. Their monthly passes
will go from $65 to $155.

Kenneth Profit, 62, who uses Silver Streak to get from West Covina to his drug
and alcohol rehabilitation appointments in El Monte, called the increase
"terrible."

"A 25-cent increase is doable," Profit said after getting off the Silver Streak
at the El Monte Bus Station during peak hours Friday. "But $2.50 is just too
much."

If approved by the Foothill Transit Governing Board next week, the changes will
go into effect Jan. 1. They are expected to generate about $2.58 million
annually.

fred.ortega@sgvn.com

(626) 962-8811, Ext. 2306

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

TODAYTIX LAUNCHES IN STATE;
APP FOR DISCOUNTS;
THEATER

BYLINE:  KORKY VANN, kvann@courant.com

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 397 words


TodayTix, a free mobile app offering discounted tickets to theatergoers in New
York, Los Angeles and other major cities since 2013, has launched in
Connecticut.

Hartford Stage, TheaterWorks, Warner Theatre and the Eugene O'Neill Theater have
partnered with the company to provide app users with access to last-minute
ticket deals.

The app provides a listing of professional theater productions taking place
across the state, a changing mix of discounted tickets, and special promotions,
such as lotteries for hard-to-get tickets.

Tickets are purchased through the app and picked up at the box office. Users can
set alerts to be notified when new offers are posted.

"TodayTix created the wildly popular 'Ham for Ham,' promotion in New York City,"
says David Henderson, director of marketing for Hartford Stage. ("Ham for Ham"
refers to a lottery for $10 tickets for "Hamilton," the blockbuster Broadway
musical. "Hamilton" is also slang for a $10 bill.)

Hartford Stage is offering a TodayTix lottery for $25 tickets for its current
production, "Anastasia." Lottery entries can be made from 12 a.m. Monday until
noon Saturday, during each week of the play's run. Winners are notified on
Saturday and get two $25 tickets to the Sunday matinee performance of
"Anastasia" the following day.

Henderson says that price is more than 75 percent off the standard premium
seating available for the production, which is nearly sold out.

"The TodayTix Lottery allows us a way to offer some very inexpensive seats to
'Anastasia' in a way that's fun and exciting," says Henderson.

Broadway producers Merritt Baer and Brian Fenty founded TodayTix as a way to
fill empty seats and to draw millennials to the theater.

"As a producer, I learned about the challenge theaters have in both attracting a
last-minute audience and younger theater goers," says Fenty, who grew up in
Torrington. "At the time, if you wanted bargain-priced theater tickets, you had
to stand in line at a ticket booth for hours or go from discount site to
discount site. Merritt and I wanted to build a more tech-forward option."

Inspired by Uber and Airbnb, Baer and Fenty created the app, which now has more
than a million users. Tickets are available from seven days to one hour before a
show.

To learn more, visit todaytix.com. For information on the Hartford Stage
"Anastasia" lottery; go to todaytix.com/us/connecticut/lottery/anastasia.

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, COLOR: GETTY IMAGES
 FOUR major theaters have partnered with TodayTix to provide users with access
to ticket deals.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Hartford Courant

                              June 7, 2016 Tuesday
                               Statewide Edition

Theater

BYLINE: KORKY VANN

SECTION: LIVING; D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 397  words



HIGHLIGHT: FOUR major theaters have partnered with TodayTix to provide users
with access to ticket deals.Getty Images


TodayTix, a free mobile app offering discounted tickets to theatergoers in New
York, Los Angeles and other major cities since 2013, has launched in
Connecticut.

Hartford Stage, TheaterWorks, Warner Theatre and the Eugene O'Neill Theater have
partnered with the company to provide app users with access to last-minute
ticket deals.

The app provides a listing of professional theater productions taking place
across the state, a changing mix of discounted tickets, and special promotions,
such as lotteries for hard-to-get tickets.

Tickets are purchased through the app and picked up at the box office. Users can
set alerts to be notified when new offers are posted.

"TodayTix created the wildly popular 'Ham for Ham,' promotion in New York City,"
says David Henderson, director of marketing for Hartford Stage. ("Ham for Ham"
refers to a lottery for $10 tickets for "Hamilton," the blockbuster Broadway
musical. "Hamilton" is also slang for a $10 bill.)

Hartford Stage is offering a TodayTix lottery for $25 tickets for its current
production, "Anastasia." Lottery entries can be made from 12 a.m. Monday until
noon Saturday, during each week of the play's run. Winners are notified on
Saturday and get two $25 tickets to the Sunday matinee performance of
"Anastasia" the following day.

Henderson says that price is more than 75 percent off the standard premium
seating available for the production, which is nearly sold out.

"The TodayTix Lottery allows us a way to offer some very inexpensive seats to
'Anastasia' in a way that's fun and exciting," says Henderson.

Broadway producers Merritt Baer and Brian Fenty founded TodayTix as a way to
fill empty seats and to draw millennials to the theater.

"As a producer, I learned about the challenge theaters have in both attracting a
last-minute audience and younger theater goers," says Fenty, who grew up in
Torrington. "At the time, if you wanted bargain-priced theater tickets, you had
to stand in line at a ticket booth for hours or go from discount site to
discount site. Merritt and I wanted to build a more tech-forward option."

Inspired by Uber and Airbnb, Baer and Fenty created the app, which now has more
than a million users. Tickets are available from seven days to one hour before a
show.

To learn more, visit todaytix.com. For information on the Hartford Stage
"Anastasia" lottery; go to todaytix.com/us/connecticut/lottery/anastasia.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 9, 2007 Friday

Transit board votes to trim increase in fares for seniors

BYLINE: By Fred Ortega, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


Seniors and disabled riders who use Foothill Transit's Silver Streak may be
spared the loss of their discount on the commuter line. But they will only be
eligible for the reduced fare during off-peak hours.

The Foothill Transit Executive Board decided Thursday to increase the discounted
senior and disabled fare from $1 to $1.25 and the monthly discounted pass from
$40 to $48. The decision must still be approved by the transit agency's
governing board.

Seniors, disabled and Medicare-eligible riders using the Silver Streak during
the peak hours of 6 a.m. to 10 a.m. and 2 p.m. to 7 p.m. would have to pay the
full $2.50 fare. Those with monthly passes riding at peak hours would still have
to pay the $1.25 difference between the discounted rate and the full fare.

Thursday's decision also approves a 20 percent increase for adult and student
monthly passes on all Foothill Transit buses, and an 11 percent increase for
senior and disabled passes on regular bus lines. A senior and disabled discount
on the agency's Commuter Express route to downtown Los Angeles is also being
eliminated.

Daily cash fares for passengers on all regular, noncommuter lines will remain
the same.

Foothill Transit initially planned to completely do away with the senior
discount on the Silver Streak, but officials came up with the alternate off-peak
hours proposal after receiving record feedback against the plan from the public.

"In comparison to our last increase (in 2005), we had about 200 percent more
comments from the public," said Foothill Transit spokeswoman Felicia Friesema.

Friesema said the increases are needed to make up for increased fuel and
maintenance costs. The senior discount was recommended to be discontinued after
surveys showed most seniors using the commuter lines were riding the bus to
work, as opposed to medical or other appointments.

Without the discount, senior and disabled riders on the Commuter Express will
pay more than double the current daily cash fare of $1.80. Their monthly passes
will go from $65 to $155.

Kenneth Profit, 62, who uses Silver Streak to get from West Covina to his drug
and alcohol rehabilitation appointments in El Monte, called the increase
"terrible."

"A 25-cent increase is doable," Profit said after getting off the Silver Streak
at the El Monte Bus Station during peak hours Friday.

"But $2.50 is just too much."

If approved by the Foothill Transit Governing Board next week, the changes will
go into effect Jan. 1.

They are expected to generate about $2.58 million annually.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           January 14, 2012 Saturday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Some rate relief emerging for Peco's electric heating customers

BYLINE: By Andrew Maykuth; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 903 words



Peco Energy Co.'s 160,000 electric heating customers, who are losing their
cherished discounted rate at the end of this year, may be facing cheaper
alternatives sooner than expected.

A retail supplier affiliated with a western New York utility is the first
company to offer a competitive rate aimed at customers now enrolled as
residential heating - or RH - customers.

Energetix Inc., a retail electric supplier, is ramping up an aggressive
marketing effort to capture Peco customers by offering a discounted fixed rate
for non-heating residential customers of 8.198 cents per kilowatt hour (kWh).
That is 17 percent less than Peco's current rate for customers who don't switch,
and 6 percent less than comparable offers from other competitive suppliers.

Residential heating customers who call Energetix to inquire if they are eligible
to switch are told about an even better discounted fixed-rate offer for RH
customers - 7.211 cents per kWh - that is not advertised on the Energetix
website.

"In an effort to avoid total customer confusion we do not post rates for each
and every residential service class," said Sharon Burns, the marketing
communications manager for Energetix, which is the retail marketing arm of
Rochester Gas & Electric Co.

The discounts could signal a new intensified competition for Peco's 1.6 million
customers. Since market rates were introduced a year ago, dozens of suppliers
have offered a dizzying array of plans, and more than 400,000 customers have
switched, according to the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission (PUC).

Until now, residential heating customers have had no incentive to switch because
nobody could compete with Peco's discounted RH rate.

But under orders from the PUC to jettison its discounted pricing, Peco this year
began phasing out its two-tiered heating rate, a legacy of an era when utilities
promoted all-electric households. The discount was reduced by half on Jan. 1,
and it will be phased out completely by the end of 2012.

Many RH customers who installed heat pumps in recent years complained that the
PUC was pulling the rug out from under them. Peco has suggested that customers
wait and see if alternative suppliers enter the market.

That day appears to have arrived. The Energetix fixed-rate offer of 7.211 cents
per kWh includes a $35 penalty if the contract is canceled before the end of its
12-month term. But Energetix is also paying new customers a $25 bonus. So
customers are at risk for $10.

The 7.211-cent price compares to Peco's current two-tiered winter price for
heating customers of 10.01 cents for the first 600 kilowatt hours and 7.74 cents
for consumption above that amount (the heating discount disappears from June
through September, when RH customers pay prices closer to regular Peco
customers).

For a customer using 1,000 kilowatt hours in the winter, the Energetix price of
$72.11 would be nearly 19 percent less than Peco's charge of $88.75. For a
customer using 2,000 kWh - not unusual for a heating customer - the discounted
rate would save $22 a month over Peco's charge.

The "prices to compare" cover only the commodity costs - the generation and
transmission charges, which make up about two-thirds of the bill. Peco still
collects a distribution fee from all customers, regardless of who supplies the
electricity.

It remains to be seen whether other electrical suppliers will match the
Energetix offer. Only one supplier has posted an offer on the PUC's website for
RH customers, and it is a variable rate that is not competitive with Peco's
price.

Electric rates have been falling generally, and it is not unusual for suppliers
to offer discounted introductory rates with the intent of acquiring a base of
customers who stay with the supplier for many years.

Energetix is also offering a 12-month fixed-rate price of 8.498 cents for
renewable power supply, allowing a Peco customer to get green power at less cost
than the standard utility supply.

Energetix, whose parent company is the Spanish energy giant Iberdrola S.A.,
would not comment on its aims.

"It is corporate policy not to share strategy information since we are in a
competitive environment; however, our corporate philosophy has always been to
provide value and excellent customer service to our customers," said Burns.

Suppliers can withdraw offers if market conditions change, but Burns said
Energetix would maintain the quoted rates for at least a week.

Customers who switch to fixed-rate alternative suppliers can also avoid Peco's
two-tiered summer rates, which are designed to impose a higher rate for
consumption greater than 500 kWh a month. Those rates will be phased out at the
end of this year.

Peco currently estimates that its summer rate for RH customers will be about
10.39 cents for the first 500 kilowatt hours and 11.05 cents for consumption
above that amount. Regular Peco residential customers pay a similar two-tiered
rate.

Customers who switch and lock in fixed rates with alternative suppliers don't
pay the higher rate.

Power Shopping

Pennsylvania's Public Utility Commission explains electrical choice and lists
alternative suppliers at www.papowerswitch.

com.

The Pennsylvania Office of Consumer Advocate will mail a Peco shopping guide for
free: 1-800-684-6560.

Energetix can be reached at 1-800-544-0182 or at www.energetix.net.

Contact staff writer Andrew Maykuth at 215-854-2947, @Maykuth on Twitter or
amaykuth@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Network World

                                August 10, 1992

Metromedia rolls out new long-haul calling service;
Says ExactCall line offers more flexible pricing.

BYLINE: By Bob Wallace, Senior Editor

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NETWORKS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 550 words


EAST RUTHERFORD, N.J. Metromedia Communications Corp. has announced a family of
inbound and outbound long-distance calling services it says are more flexibly
priced than those of the Big Three carriers.

Unlike calling plans offered by AT&T, MCI Communications Corp. and Sprint Corp.,
Metromedia's ExactCall line of services are offered at a flat rate, carry no
monthly fees or usage minimums, and discounts are applied to total usage of each
service.

ExactCall services include a basic interstate long-distance offering, a WATS
product, inbound and outbound 800 services and a calling card offering, all
targeted at small and midsize firms.  With its Automatic Customized Discount
plan, users pay less for inbound and outbound calls made to and from the most
frequently called interstate area codes and international locations.

Calling plans offered by the Big Three to small and midsize businesses limit
special (nonvolume) discounts to specific telephone numbers or to one or two
interstate area codes. Metromedia's plan applies a discount to all calls made to
and from as many as five interstate area codes and two international locations.

But analysts say the toughest challenge smaller carriers like Metromedia face is
marketing.

"AT&T, MCI and Sprint have spent a good deal of money on marketing," said Bob
Self, president of Market Dynamics, a tariff analysis firm in New York.
"Metromedia doesn't have the same service recognition but needs it if these
services are to succeed."

ExactCall services are billed in six-second increments.

With ExactCall Plus and ExactCall WATS, users pay one rate for calls up to 124
miles and a second rate for calls beyond that limit.  ExactCall Plus calls to
the most called area codes range from $0.1706 to $0.1440 per minute for the
0-124 mileage band and $0.2025 to $0.1710 per minute for calls beyond that.
Calls to all other area codes range from $0.1895 to $0.1630 per minute for calls
in the 0-124 mileage band and $0.2250 to $0.1935 per minute for calls beyond
that.

Calls to most called area codes are discounted 10% to 24%, and calls to all
other area codes are cut as much as 14%. Discounts are determined by monthly
usage.

ExactCall WATS calls to most called area codes range from $0.1103 to $0.0907 per
minute for the 0-124 mileage band and $0.1395 to $0.1147 per minute for other
calls. Calls to other area codes range from $0.1225 to $0.1029 per minute for
the band and $0.1550 to $0.1302 per minute for other calls.

ExactCall WATS calls to most called area codes are discounted 10% to 26%, while
calls to all other area codes are lowered as much as 16%, with discounts based
on monthly usage.

Users pay a onetime mileage-independent rate for each of the other ExactCall
services -- ExactCall 800, ExactCall 800 WATS and ExactCall Card. ExactCall 800
calls to most called area codes are discounted up to 21% for more than $2,000 in
month- ly usage, while calls to all other area codes are discounted up to 11%
for usage beyond that level.

ExactCall 800 WATS calls from several top area codes are discounted 10% to 25%,
depending on monthly usage, while calls from all other area codes are discounted
up to 15%.

ExactCall Card calls to popular area codes are discounted 10% to 23%.

ExactCall services are available now.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1992 Network World, Inc.


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            August 15, 2015 Saturday

Sonoma County shelters to offer discounted dog and cat adoptions Saturday

BYLINE: Derek Moore, The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 429 words


Aug. 15--Are you in the market for a furry companion?

Saturday may be a good day to make that happen.

Two of Sonoma County's largest animal service providers are offering steep
discounts Saturday on dog and cat adoptions.

Petaluma Animal Services will be offering animals at no cost, a major deal
considering dogs and cats normally go for $90 and $70 at the Hopper Street
shelter.

The cost to adopt an adult dog or cat at Sonoma County Animal Services will be
$25, versus the usual $126.

Kittens can be had for $66 -- half of what they normally go for at the Century
Court facility.

The two agencies are participating in a nationwide event called Clear the
Shelters, which, as the name implies, is aimed at getting as many animals out of
shelters as possible in a single day.

"If all the shelters work together, it benefits everyone," said James Dress,
community engagement manager for the county's animal services agency.

About 25 dogs will be available for adoption from noon to 5:30 p.m. at the
county's shelter. The group includes lab mixes, German Shepherds, chihuahuas,
pit bulls, an Australian Cattle Dog, a Dutch Shepherd and what Dress referred to
as a "Heinz 57 dog," meaning a little of everything.

Nearly 60 cats and kittens also will up for grabs.

The animals are spayed or neutered, current on their vaccinations and
micro-chipped.

Dress said residents of Santa Rosa, Windsor and unincorporated areas of the
county will have to pay $25 licensing fees in addition to any other fees.

The Petaluma shelter has about 10 dogs and 20 cats on offer. The facility will
be open from noon to 6 p.m., or until there are no more adoptions for the day,
according to executive director Jeff Charter.

He said the facility has had prior success emptying the shelter of animals by
offering low or no-cost adoptions. He said the agency is hoping to do the same
with Saturday's event.

"It's great," he said. "It embodies the movement in animal shelters toward
getting animals into homes rather than into freezers."

NBC and Telemundo started the Clear the Shelters campaign last year in the
Dallas-Fort Worth area, where dozens of shelters placed more than 2,200 animals.

Local NBC and Telemundo stations in several cities will air special programming
and urge viewers to use the hashtag #ClearTheShelters on social media.

You can reach Staff Writer Derek Moore at 521-5336 or
derek.moore@pressdemocrat.com On Twitter @deadlinederek.

___ (c)2015 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150815-UR-Sonoma-County-shelters-to-offer-discounted
-dog-and-cat-adoptions-Saturday-0815-20150815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2015 The Press Democrat


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 August 31 is the last day for hunters to purchase a second general season elk
tag at a discounted price.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 August 31 is the last day for hunters to purchase a second general season elk
tag at a discounted price.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 30, 2016 Tuesday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 203  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 August 31 is the last day for hunters to purchase a second general season elk
tag at a discounted price.





 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.



 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 11, 1992, Friday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Municipal Bond Volume to Set Mark

BYLINE: By JONATHAN FUERBRINGER

SECTION: Section D; Page 13; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 747 words


The dollar value of new municipal bond issues will set a record this year, the
Public Securities Association said yesterday.

The volume of long-term tax-exempt bonds issued by state and local governments
and authorities is projected to reach $233 billion by the end of the year. This
is an increase of 36 percent from $171 billion in 1991.

The driving force behind the record new issuance is low interest rates, which,
in the municipal market, dropped to their lowest levels since 1979. These
attractive rates spurred new issues to pay off existing bonds that carried the
double-digit interest rates of 10 years ago. Almost 41 percent, or $95 billion,
of the expected long-term new issues this year are for paying off old
high-interest rate debt.

But for bondholders, the better news is that the association projects a drop-off
in volume in 1993, which would be a factor that will support prices, analysts
have said.

New issues of long-term bonds, which include securities that mature in 13 months
or more, are projected to fall more than 20 percent, to $185 billion next year.
The main reason is that most state and local governments will have already
issued new bonds to pay off their old high interest rate debt.

The previous record level of new issues was in 1985, when the total of long-term
bonds was $222 billion. Of this total, $164 billion was issued for new projects,
more than the $138 billion projected for this year.

The force behind that record was not low interest rates. It was the rush to
issue bonds before the changes in Federal tax law that limited the kinds and
amount of state and local bonds that could qualify for tax-exempt status.

GMAC Sale

The General Motors Acceptance Corporation sold $1.6 billion in notes backed by
consumer payments on its automobile loans, including $641.6 million in
floating-rate notes.

According to the lead underwriter, the First Boston Corporation, this was the
first time a floatingrate note was backed by automobile loans.

The use of the floating rate is becoming more popular, anlysts say, as investors
look for investments to defend against the possibility that short-term interest
rates will move higher. With the floating rate, the interest on the security is
adjusted every quarter based on the move of a designated market interest rate.

The first interest rate on the floatingrate note was set at 3.875 percent, 25
basis points or hundredths of a percentage point over the three-month London
interbank offered rate. The notes have a maturity date of Sept. 15, 1995 and an
estimated average life of 1.4 years.

The largest part of the offering is a $657 million, one-year money market
security, which was priced at a yield of 3.748 percent. The third piece is a
note with an average life of 2.63 years and a maturity of Sept. 15, 1997. It was
priced at a yield of 5.824 percvent.

On Wednesday, Citibank sold a $2 billion floating-rate issue, which was the
largest ever done except for issues by governments.

Treasury Market

There was little change yesterday in the Treasury market, where trading was
light but prices bounced around a lot.

"There hasn't been much business and as a consequence one or two trades can move
the market," said William Pike, who runs the primary dealership at Chemical
Securities Inc.

In the end, the 30-year bond got a lift from the positive news on inflation.
Prices at the producer level fell two-tenths of 1 percent in November. And
shorter maturities were hurt a little by the fall in initial claims for
unemplyment benefits, which fell 38,000, to a seasonally adjusted 324,000 in the
week ending Nov. 28, the lowest level in more than three years. This is another
signal that the economy is growing and that could lead to higher short-term
interest rates.

The final disclosure of President-elect Bill Clinton's economic team had no
apparent impact because the choices had been pretty much leaked in advance. But
it probably did not hurt that both Mr. Clinton and Treasury Secretary-designate
Lloyd Bentsen exphasized the importance of reducing the Federal budget deficit.

In secondary trading, the price of the 30-year bond rose 5/32 , to 10214/32 , to
yield 7.42 percent, down from 7.43 percent Wednesday. The prices of the 10-year
note and the 7-year note were up just 1/32 each while prices fell 2/32 on the
5-year note and 3/32 on the 2-year note. And the discount rate on one-year and
six-month Treasury bills rose several basis points.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: Following are the results of the Treasury's auction of one-year
bills:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)
Average Price                    96.390
Discounted Rate                   3.57%
Coupon Yield                      3.72%
High Price                       96.400
Discounted Rate                   3.56%
Coupon Yield                      3.71%
Low Price                        96.390
Discounted Rate                   3.57%
Coupon Yield                      3.72%
Accepted at low price               93%
Total applied for           $32,697,535
Accepted                    $14,133,485
N.Y. applied for            $35,136,495
N.Y. accepted               $14,774,800
Noncompetitive                 $326,395

The one-year bills mature Dec. 16, 1993.

Graphs: "1-Year Treasury Bills" shows average discounted rate in percent August
1991 - December 1992.

"Tax Exempt Yields" shows average weekly yields for 20 genreal obligation bonds
and 25 revenue bonds, in percent, August 1992 - December 1992. (Source: The Bond
Buyer)

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   EST Travel

                         6776 Southwest Freeway Ste 444
                               Houston,  TX 77074
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (713) 974-0521
URL: www.esttravel.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 7

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We provide Nigerian visa for anyone who requires it as getting the Nigerian
visa can be difficult but we make it easy for our travelers and to travel to
this beautiful country whose cultures is so rich and every care is taken to get
the lowest fares to Nigeria with best connections.  Our experience staff is
available 24/7 to fulfill the travel needs and provide you with the information
on the current airlines sales and discounted tickets with best possible
connection. Your travel itineraries are custom designed and can be made any time
of the day by phone , fax email or the best media by visiting us in office
during office hours and meeting with our experienced staff and lean more about
African travel on discounted trip and cheap African fares . ou can also take
advantage of catalogues on discounted safari trips and decide which African
country you want to visit.  We make connections we just don't connect flights we
connect people to the magical Africa on one of the best flights on Super cheap
discounted trip to Africa.  Don't wait for the magic to happen any later visit
it this year! Let us make it happen for you and tell your family and friends to
take advantage of our low African fares.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 1,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 BusinessWorld

                            February 6, 2009 Friday

WEEKENDER: travel;
BRIEFS

SECTION: Pg. S4/11

LENGTH: 301 words


Discovery Shores Boracay

Discovery Shores Boracay has an ongoing Escape package available until the end
of the month that includes three-day, two-night accommodations, airfare via
SEAir (Manila-Caticlan-Manila), roundtrip boat and land transfers, and a Mandala
Spa Qi massage. Package rates start at P18,888 per person in a Junior Suite,
P22,888 per person in a One Bedroom Suite, and P24,888 per person in a
One-Bedroom Suite Premiere. On Feb. 14, the hotel and MTV Philippines will stage
a concert featuring French-Moroccan singer Moise with Julia Duncan. For
inquiries, call (63 36) 288-4500 or visit www.discoveryshoresboracay.com

Hawaiian Airlines promo

Hawaiian Airlines has extended its promo for its discounted airfare rates to
Hawaii and the West Coast. Individuals or groups who avail of the Hawaii
roundtrip promo may now visit Hawaii until March 31, while the West Coast
roundtrip promo fares are available until Feb. 28. The Hawaii promo has
discounted tickets ranging in price from $389 to $644, plus surcharges that must
be paid on or before March 31. The West Coast promo may be used for travel to
San Francisco, Los Angeles, Portland, Las Vegas, Phoenix, San Diego, Sacramento,
San Jose, Seattle and Oakland. Priced at $650, the roundtrip tickets must be
used on or before May 31. For inquiries, call 819-3993 to 97.

10th Hobie Challenge

The 10th Philippine Hobie Challenge (PHC) kicks off on Feb. 9. Presented by
Villa Maria & Margarita, PHC is the country's extreme adventure sailing event.
The 200-mile, five-day regatta starts with the La Luz Race in Batangas and ends
with three inshore races on Feb. 14 in Boracay. Teams from the Philippines,
Australia, the US, the UK, Germany, Portugal, Hong Kong, Italy and New Zealand
will take part in the race. For details, visit www.philhobie.com [ENd]

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2009 BusinessWorld Publishing Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Beach Edition

Uninsured have more access to medicines

BYLINE: PAUL SWIDER

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 497 words


Help with prescription drugs is a little closer as a Texas company has added
representatives to the Tampa Bay market.

MedWise has helped patients for years but this summer recruited new people to
spread the service, said Dan Mondello, one representative who just started
working with the Garland, Texas, company. MedWise helps the uninsured navigate
the maze of requirements to receive free or discounted drugs from pharmaceutical
manufacturers.

"I heard story after story about how people are suffering," said Mondello, who
left a job helping the insured get pharmaceuticals because he saw greater need
in helping the uninsured.

Patient assistance programs have been around for years but have become a bit
more rare and complicated recently, according to the Area Agency on Aging.

MedWise simply makes it easier, Mondello said. The company takes a patient's
information and submits it to all applicable programs to receive free or
discounted drugs, he said.

MedWise interacts with physicians and then tracks the entire process to
guarantee that the patient receives what he should.

MedWise is a for-profit company, charging $15 per month per prescription.
Mondello said this still results in huge savings for most people, who typically
spend $700 to $1,200 a month on drugs. Some drugs are discounted, he said, but a
typical price is $20 for a three-month supply.

Other companies provide similar services, but so does the state through programs
like Sunshine for Seniors, said Sharon Ayers, director for planning and
evaluation with the Area Agency on Aging. The Florida Department of Elder
Affairs also provides connections to services and advice on how seniors can work
with such programs.

Mondello said MedWise is different because the service applies to more than just
seniors. Sunshine for Seniors is aimed at those 60 and older. The average
MedWise client is between 15 and 55, Mondello said.

Mondello said he can work with seniors and help those in the "doughnut hole" of
no coverage under the Medicare prescription program.

MedWise has no offices in the bay area and works on a national basis, Mondello
said. The Better Business Bureau in Dallas near its headquarters shows that the
company has a satisfactory rating there.

The Pinellas County Department of Consumer Protection has no record of
complaints against MedWise, but investigator Victor Routenberg said it may be
too new for any difficulties to show up.

Mondello said he feels comfortable that the service is legitimate and is happy
to be able to help people who have few or no alternatives.

"These medications are often free," Mondello said. "You just have to be able to
figure out the paperwork."

Paul Swider can be reached at 892-2271 or pswider@sptimes.com or by
participating in itsyourtimes.com.

FAST FACTS

MedWise

medwisehealthcare inc.com

1-800-391-9370

Florida Department of Elder Affairs

elderaffairs.state.fl.us

1-800-963-5337

SHINE and Sunshine for Seniors

elderaffairs.state. fl.us/english/shine.html

Florida Rx Drug Price Finder

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Minnesota Lawyer (Minneapolis, MN)

                                February 6, 2006

MN Bar Buzz: February 6, 2006

BYLINE: Minnesota Lawyer Staff Reporter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 569  words


Just another dividend of insuring with MLM

There's good news and less-good news for Minnesota Lawyers Mutual (MLM)
policyholders. The good news is, for the 18th consecutive year MLM has declared
a dividend and this year it's a record $4.5 million, more than twice last year's
dividend of $2 million. The less-good news is that the money goes to
shareholders in 34 states.

The money will be divided among 13,160 attorneys who own 6,113 policies, but the
dividend isn't just a matter of arithmetic, said Celeste McCaleb, spokesperson
for MLM.

The amount received will depend on a variety of factors including the premiums
paid, so we suggest you may want to wait until you receive the check to put that
down payment on a new Lexis.

From one court to another

The Minnesota Timberwolves are encouraging attorneys and other legal
professionals who work with the court system to join them on another kind of
court - the basketball court.

During the months of February, March and April the Timberwolves are holding
several special discount nights for legal professionals - lawyers, judges,
secretaries, paralegals and law clerks. Ticket prices on $24 and $40 seats are
discounted $10 and are available on a first-come, first-served basis until sold
out. A limited number of discounted $75 and $55 seats are also available.

The "2006 Legal Professionals Nights with the Wolves" take place on the nights
of Feb. 10 when the team takes on the Utah Jazz; Feb. 24 against the Denver
Nuggets; March 7 against the Houston Rockets; and April 7 against the Utah Jazz.

Timberwolves ticket sales executive Trevor Cronk told Bar Buzz that the idea for
Legal Professionals Nights started three years ago with a small segment of
lawyers who inquired into whether they could get discounted tickets for the
games. Cronk is now working with the Minnesota State Bar Association and the
Hennepin County Bar Association to encourage attorneys and their staff to
participate.

"We have quite a few people that attend now," said Cronk. "It's a chance to
hob-knob outside the office with other people in the legal profession."

Contact Cronk at (612) 673-8438 for tickets or for more information.

Justice Samuel Alito - the boss of the 8th Circuit

Eric Lipman, the state's Sex Offender Policy Coordinator, informed Bar Buzz of
the news: "The new guy is assigned to us."

What was Lipman talking about? Why Justice Samuel A. Alito Jr., of course. On
Feb. 1, the U.S. Supreme Court issued an order assigning Alito to the 8th
Circuit. The newly minted justice will be responsible for handling emergency
motions in the 8th Circuit, such as requests for additional time to file cert
petitions or briefs.

Additionally, Alito will review motions for stays of execution in the 8th
Circuit and refer them to the full court, sometimes with a recommendation. There
are four states in the 8th Circuit that allow capital punishment - Arkansas,
Missouri, Nebraska and South Dakota. There has not been an execution in South
Dakota since 1976.

In his first vote on the Supreme Court, Alito joined five other justices in
refusing to allow Missouri to proceed with an execution. Chief Justice John
Roberts and Justices Antonin Scalia and Clarence Thomas supported allowing the
execution to proceed.

Alito's assignment to the 8th Circuit means that 8th Circuit lawyers don't have
Justice Thomas to kick around any more. Thomas was reassigned from the 8th
Circuit to the 11th Circuit.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 8, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Musical Fares

BYLINE: By Laurence Zuckerman; Laurence Zuckerman writes about aviation for The
Times.

SECTION: Section 6; Page 73; Column 1; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 448 words


The first rule of the airline business is that an empty seat is as worthless as
a piece of rotten fruit. Last year, the carriers succeeded in filling more than
70 percent of their seats, the highest level since the end of World War II and a
rate that, before deregulation, was considered technically unattainable by most
experts.

After losing $13 billion in the early 1990's -- more, by one reckoning, than the
industry had made since the Wright brothers' first flight in 1903 -- the
airlines have just completed their third year of record profits, with the 10
majors clearing a total of $10 billion and expecting a strong 1998. Behind this
success is a powerful economy that lifted the number of passengers by 23
percent, to 548 million, in the last five years, while capacity grew by only 13
percent. But the airlines have also figured out how to pack their planes by
selling the same seat at a variety of prices.

Most coveted are business travelers who pay top dollar for last-minute
reservations. But airlines don't want to reserve seats for business travelers
who then don't turn up. To avoid that, they use powerful computers, probability
analysis, applied statistics and econometrics to sift through months of past
bookings, cancellations and fare records to determine exactly how many seats on
each flight should be held back and how many should be sold in advance at
various discounts.

The practice, called yield management, has been made infinitely more complex by
the so-called hub-and-spoke system adopted by major airlines after the industry
was deregulated in the late 1970's. A typical large airline might have 3,000
flights a day but serve as many as 30,000 pairs of cities. Factor in an average
of 10 different fares in coach and about 250,000 fare changes each day and a
computer must juggle more than 100 million different possibilities at any one
moment. To price 11 months' worth of reservations -- 140 million seats on
780,000 flights -- United Airlines recently installed a cousin of Deep Blue, the
I.B.M. supercomputer that defeated the world chess champion Garry Kasparov.

Though such systems can cost tens of millions of dollars, they are well worth
it. American Airlines, which pioneered yield management in the mid-1970's,
estimates that its computer brings in an additional $500 million in annual
revenues. And as computer power increases, the systems are becoming increasingly
accurate, allowing airlines to squeeze even more money out of their operations.

The accompanying illustration explains how American Airlines sells seats over a
six-month period for a typical Friday- afternoon flight from Phoenix to its hub
in Dallas-Ft. Worth.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Diagram: Six Months Before Departure
The computer organizes the numerous coach fares and itineraries into categories
-- called "buckets" -- reflecting their price. As the plane fills up, the
computer will limit sales of discounted tickets to insure that some seats are
reserved for late arrivals, who pay a steep premium. First-class tickets usually
do not sell out in advance; most will be snapped up later by frequent fliers
seeking upgrades.

Forty-eight Days Before Departure
By now, 41 coach seats have been reserved for the Phoenix-to-Dallas leg, nearly
all at heavy discounts or for frequent-flier credits. Passengers are paying from
$220 round trip to Dallas-Fort Worth to $1,300 round trip connecting to
Santiago, Chile. Based on past cancellations, the computer authorizes agents to
book a total of 154 coach seats, 29 over capacity. No reservations yet in first
class.

Thirteen Days Before Departure
Travelers have booked 101 seats, and the 21- and 14-day advance-purchase fares
for this leg are now closed off. The computer authorizes agents to overbook 21
seats. Round-trip fares to Dallas have risen to $448 from $220 three weeks
earlier. Round trips to Miami and Boston have risen to $668 and $1,036,
respectively, from $434 and $354. Still no reservations in first class.

Four Hours Before Departure
The plane is still overbooked, by 11 passengers, but the computer nonetheless
authorizes the sale of three more coach seats. Prices are at a premium. A
round-trip ticket to Dallas costs $1,142; to Miami and Boston (going through
Dallas), $1,362 and $1,708. The first-class cabin, with only two reservations
five days ago, has been filled to its 14-seat capacity by frequent fliers.

Five Minutes Before Departure
The plane is overbooked by 13 passengers. But 3 left on an earlier flight and 10
others do not show up, so the flight is full. (For some weekend flights,
unfilled seats are offered on the Internet every Wednesday: $129 for the
Phoenix-to-Dallas round trip.) Of 125 coach passengers, 52 paid either 21-day
discounted fares (for $220 to $420) or 14-day discounted fares (for $270 to
$420), 25 took advantage of 7-day discounts, 35 paid full fare and 13 redeemed
frequent-flier credits. In first class, 2 passengers paid full fare and 12
received frequent-flier upgrades.

Seating Chart
52 Discounted 21- and 14-day fares.
35 Full coach fares.
25 Discounted 7-day fares.
13 Frequent-flier redemptions.
12 First-class upgrades.
2 Full first-class fares.

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

West Virginia: W.Va. State Park Lodges Offering Discounted Room Rates

LENGTH: 146  words

DATELINE: Charleston


West Virginia Public Broadcasting has issued the following news release:

Some West Virginia state parks are encouraging friends, families and meeting
planners to use their facilities through a January promotion.

Officials say some of the state parks are offering discounted rates for lodging.
Room rates are $50 for standard forest and mountain view rooms, including
weekends.

State parks participating in the promotion are: Cacapon Resort, Chief Logan
Lodge, Hawks Nest, North Bend, Pipestem Resort, Twin Falls Resort and Tygart
Lake.

Reservations can be made by calling the participating parks in advance and
asking for the WV50 rate promotion.

Blackwater Falls State Park also is offering discounted rates for certain times
of the week for both January and February.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 29, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The week's best deals around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: Travel; P03

LENGTH: 719 words


*   Pay for two nights at a Destination Resorts property in Vail, Colo., and get
the third night free, plus receive discounted room rates. The package for a
two-bedroom/two-bath condo at Village Inn Plaza, for example, starts at $266 for
three nights, including taxes; unit typically goes for $263 a night. You must
arrive Sunday-Tuesday, June 1-Sept. 5. Book online at www.destinationrockies.com
for lowest prices.

*   The Crown Collection of luxury hotels in six European countries is valuing
the dollar at the same rate as the euro for select dates in 2005, plus offering
rate reductions. For example, the Hotel Empire Palace in Rome has rooms from
$232 per night, plus 10 percent in taxes, July 16-Aug. 31; rate usually starts
at $465 per night. Info: 800-628-8929, www.crownluxurytravel.com.

*   Le Meridien Sunny Isles Beach, a new oceanfront property near Miami, has
introductory rates of $299 per night. Also, book four nights for $299 and
receive one night free. Deal is good through Sept. 30. Taxes are an extra 13
percent. Standard rate is $415 a night. Info: 800-543-4300,
www.miami.lemeridien.com.

*   An eight-night cruise on China's Yangtze River, combined with overnights in
Shanghai and Beijing, has been discounted to $1,949 per person double, including
round-trip air from Washington. Ritz Tours is offering the deal for several
July-September departures. The package includes the cruise from Shanghai to
Chongqing on the Victoria Cruise line, a night in Shanghai and three nights in
Beijing, plus sightseeing and most meals. Taxes are an extra $117 to $142.
Priced separately, air would cost about $1,200, and the cruise and hotels more
than $1,000. Info: 800-900-2446, www.ritztours.com.

*  Take a cruise from Bergen to Kirkenes in Norway and your companion's fare
will be discounted by 50 percent. Norwegian Coastal Voyage is offering the sale
on select August and September dates. The Sept. 8 sailing on the MS Polarlys,
for example, starts at $1,397 for the first person and $699 for a companion.
Fuel surcharge is an extra $70 per person. Info: 800-323-7436,
www.norwegiancoastalvoyage.us.

*  Take a Danube River cruise on Avalon Waterways and pay $99 round-trip airfare
between New York or Boston and Europe. Sail in November; book by July 15. For
example, the Legendary Danube trip, which includes three nights in Prague and a
seven-night cruise, starts at $1,648 per person double with air, plus about $288
in fees. Info: 877-797-8791, www.avalonwaterways.com.

*  American Airlines has sale fares from Reagan National or Washington Dulles to
Tokyo and Nagoya, Japan. The fare to Nagoya, for example, is $684 round trip,
plus $90 in taxes, for Monday-Thursday travel; fare on other airlines is $1,082.
Book at www.aa.com by June 3; travel June-1-July 15, but some days are sold out.
Fare to Tokyo is about $150 more round trip.

*   Fly business class on Continental to select European destinations this
summer starting at $785 each way. For example, the round-trip fare from
Baltimore to Dublin is $1,649; fare on other airlines starts at $2,390.
Thirty-day advance purchase required. Outbound travel permitted Sunday-Friday.
Travel dates vary. Info: 800-231-0856, www.continental.com.

*  Pacific Holidays is offering a seven-night package to Australia, New Zealand
and Tahiti from $2,148 per person double, including round-trip air from D.C.;
flights from Sydney to Auckland to Papeete; hotels; transfers; breakfasts; and
two tours. Deal applies to Thursday and Saturday departures in July. Taxes are
$150 more. Priced separately, air is about $2,170. Info: 800-355-8025,
www.pacificholidaysinc.com.

*   A seven-night trip to Caracas and Margarita Island in Venezuela is $999 per
person double, including round-trip air from Washington; domestic flights; two
nights with breakfasts in Caracas; five nights at an all-inclusive on Margarita
Island; and transfers. Depart June-October. Taxes are $170 more. Priced
separately, air and hotel cost about $1,274. Info: 800-321-6336,
www.traveland.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             April 23, 2006 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Get a deal when you see the country by train

BYLINE: By Ed Perkins

SECTION: TRAVEL; Seniors on the Go; Pg. I3

LENGTH: 669 words


Seniors who enjoy train travel can take advantage of three good -- although very
different -- deals available in the United States and Canada. And although VIA
Rail Canada should remain in operation as it is for some years to come, Congress
barely keeps Amtrak on minimal life support, and each year could be the last for
many of its trains.

Amtrak's top deal for seniors is straightforward: 15 percent off coach class
tickets on most trains for travelers age 62 or over. The exceptions are the Auto
Train and weekday Acela Express and Metroliner trains, where no senior discount
is offered; other restrictions may apply.

Also, the senior discount does not apply to sleeper accommodations, although you
may upgrade from discounted coach by paying the full upgrade price. You can buy
discounted tickets at any Amtrak station, with proof of age.

That 15 percent discount is as good as you're likely to find. If you're a
military veteran, and join Veterans Advantage, you get the same 15 percent, but
with a three-day advance purchase requirement, so this program is attractive
only to veterans under age 62. And the senior discount is better than the 10
percent offered to AAA members of any age.

Although the Acela Express is the best way to travel anywhere among the cities
between Boston and Washington, lots of slightly slower "Regional" trains do
offer the 15 percent.

The discount applies to all of Amtrak's most highly recommended scenic trips,
including the Adirondack between New York and Montreal, the California Zephyr
between Chicago and Oakland, Calif., the Cardinal between Cincinnati and
Washington (eastbound is best), the Cascades between Eugene, Ore., and
Vancouver, B.C., the Coast Starlight between Los Angeles and Seattle, the Empire
Builder between Chicago and Portland or Seattle, the Lake Shore Limited between
Chicago and Boston or New York (eastbound from Buffalo to Boston or New York is
best), and the Ethan Allen and Vermonter from Vermont to New York (southbound is
best on either).

Seniors 60 or over get a 10 percent discount on the North America Rail Pass for
travel in Canada and the U.S. After the discount, the senior price is $488.70
for travel through May 25; $689.40 for travel May 26 to Oct. 15 (no prices yet
set after that). The pass provides unlimited travel during a 30-day period, with
a maximum of four, one-way trips over any given segment. Also, you must cross
between Canada and the United States by train once, in either direction, and use
at least one Amtrak and one VIA Rail train, plus other restrictions. Buy the
pass from a travel agent or Amtrak (800-872-7245).

Current Canada-U.S. international rail trips connect Seattle with Vancouver,
B.C., New York with Toronto (via Buffalo), and New York with Montreal. You can
easily transfer between Canadian trains in Windsor and Amtrak trains in Detroit.
Incorporating at least one transborder train, you have several scenic circle
trip options or out-and-back trips on some of Canada's best trips.

VIA Rail Canada's main deal for senior travelers is a companion ticket program.
If you're 60 or over, and buy one full-fare ticket, you can take a companion of
any age for no extra charge in economy class, at any time through Dec. 14. You
can also take a companion for 75 percent off in sleeper accommodations, year
round, and Via 1 Montreal to Toronto corridor trains in July and August only.
You must book each ticket at least five days in advance. And, as VIA Rail
announces, you may sometimes find that two tickets on a discount fare available
to travelers of any age may be less expensive than the one full-fare ticket you
must buy to qualify. Buy tickets from a travel agent, at any VIA Rail station,
online at www.viarail.ca, or by calling (888) 842-7245.

VIA Rail's top scenic trips are the Canadian between Toronto and Vancouver, the
Chaleur from Montreal to Gaspe, the Hudson Bay from Winnipeg to Churchill, the
Ocean between Halifax and Montreal, and the Skeena between Jasper and Prince
Rupert.

e-mail eperkins@mind.net

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Associated Press Discounts help make train travel more attractive for
senior citizens. Amtrak, for example, will take 15 percent off coach class
tickets on most trains for travelers age 62 or over.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 The Buffalo News


                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           September 17, 2007 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Newegg plans to move into Chinese markets; Discounted computer parts helped
online retailer to nearly triple its sales in four years

BYLINE: Ari Levy, Bloomberg

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 346  words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


LOS ANGELES -- Newegg Inc., the online retailer that became the second-largest
in the U.S. by selling discounted computer parts, plans to expand into
fast-growing China.

More than 40 per cent of closely held Newegg's 1,300 workers are in the Chinese
cities Shanghai and Chengdu, executive vice-president Craig Hayes said in an
interview. Newegg is building a business there, he said, declining to say when
it will open.

Newegg's discounted computer parts helped almost triple annual sales to $1.5
billion US in four years. China's annual pace of economic expansion was six
times the U.S.'s at the end the second quarter, signalling that there's an
appetite for Newegg's memory chips and hard drives.

"It's an emerging middle class," Hayes said from the company's headquarters
outside of Los Angeles. "It's very natural for us to replicate what we've done
here to really sell to the Chinese marketplace."

Amazon.com Inc., the world's biggest Internet retailer, reported sales last year
of $10.7 billion. About 45 per cent of the Seattle-based company's revenue comes
from international markets, including Germany, Japan, France and China.

Newegg also plans to pursue more online advertising, Hayes said. The company has
typically advertised only in trade publications. Newegg began seeking a
marketing chief in July.

Fred Chang, previously a technology executive in Taiwan, started Newegg in 2001.
Hayes, a former executive of computer and electronics distributor Ingram Micro
Inc., joined over two years ago. The rest of the management team comes from
technology and e-commerce companies.

The retailer got a "minor cash infusion" from Insight Venture Partners in 2005,
and all other financing came from internal growth, Hayes said.

Newegg, which has turned a profit since its first year, ships 99 per cent of its
products the day they're bought, said Hayes, 46. The company buys parts in bulk
from suppliers such as disk drive maker Seagate Technology and semiconductor
manufacturer Intel Corp.

Newegg sells them to U.S. customers, about three-quarters of which are
consumers, at a profit.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 2, 2015 Wednesday

Idaho: Today Is The Last Day For Discounted Second General Season Tags

LENGTH: 160 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 August 31 is the last day for hunters to purchase a second general season deer
or elk tag at a discount price.





 During August, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining nonresident
general season tags to be used as second tags for discounted prices of $199 for
deer and $350 for elk. Starting tomorrow, September 1, the second tag prices
will return to their regular price of $300 and $415. These prices do not include
the $1.75 vendor fees.



 Any hunter who has purchased a hunting license and a 2015 deer or elk tag at
the regular resident or nonresident prices can buy a discounted second general
season tag for the same species. Tags are sold on a first come, first served
basis and supplies are limited to the available nonresident tag quota.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               August 11, 1997, Monday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Special promotion overlooked

BYLINE: NANCY PARADIS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; ACTION; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 861 words



Mae's Fabrics advertises that it is a discount store. Most fabrics, etc.,  have
a regular price and a discounted price, and the store frequently has  sales
offering a percentage off its discounted price.

I shop at Mae's on Missouri Avenue in Clearwater at least twice a month.
There's a printed sign at the store for elastic in a package that always says
"1- by 3/4-inch elastic 99 cents, reg. $ 2.29."

I recently received a Mae's flyer advertising a coupon sale July 13-19 with  50
percent off their low discount price on all elastic packages. When I  presented
my coupon, however, the clerk said that 99 cents was the sale price,  since it
was more than 50 percent off the regular price of $ 2.29. I pointed  out that 99
cents was the discounted price always charged and that the coupon  said 50
percent off the discounted price. She flatly told me that was not the  way it
worked. Because I needed it, I bought four packages and paid 99 cents  per
package. No mention of $ 2.29, no 50 percent off, and the clerk didn't want  my
coupon.

I feel that Mae's wrongly refused to honor its coupon. If I am mistaken, I
would like a better explanation than just, "That's the way it works." Anna  Bole

Response: Jo Ciccarello, advertising director of ABC Fabrics of Tampa,
apologized for any inconvenience this may have caused you. She said that the
original intention was to advertise the packaged elastic that hangs on the
notion wall in the stores. Unfortunately, the store overlooked the special
promotional elastic displayed in bins in many stores.

Ciccarello said the intention is not to deceive or mislead customers; your
vigilance in keeping Mae's on its toes is appreciated. The company can realize
and correct errors only through communicating with customers. In the future,
she said, Mae's will be more attentive to the wording in coupons, to avoid a
similar misunderstanding.

In the meantime, the company has sent you a gift certificate for $ 5, good  at
any Mae's Fabrics in your area.

Billing deferred, canceled

   For several months I have been trying to get a credit of $ 20 for the return

 of a shredder I ordered from Taylor Gifts. I have had no response to several
letters requesting it. UPS did trace the package, and it was received and
signed for. Can you help? Lucille Pollock

Response: Patricia Dudley, Taylor Gifts' manager of customer services and
telemarketing, writes that records indicate that on Dec. 9 the company  received
an order from you with the request to defer billing until Feb. 2.

On Jan. 25, Taylor Gifts received and processed the return of a desk top
shredder. You indicated it was "too small for your needs."

What you don't realize, writes Dudley, is that you never were billed for  the
shredder since you had asked for deferred billing. When the shredder was
returned, this item was deducted from the items listed to be billed in
February.

Taylor Gifts billed the deferred billings on Feb. 2, including the original
shipping and handling fees of $ 5.60. You will not receive credit for the
shipping and handling for the shredder or for the postage fee you incurred  when
you returned it.

Addendum

   The Action column of June 29 addressed a problem Mary Byrkit had with Bob's
Carpet Mart in Largo. Fred Webb, operations manager for Bob's Carpet Mart, has
since sent us the inspection report of the vinyl floor covering in question
that was performed by Art Jarrett, a senior inspector for Floor Covering
Technical Infosource in Pinellas Park.

The problem turned out to be a buildup of soil and cleaner residue in the
embossing texture of the vinyl's pattern. The new floor covering had been
installed over the old one, and it appeared that the old pattern was
telegraphing through to the new one.

According to Webb, the inspector performed a sample cleaning in one of the
affected areas, removed the soil buildup, and the customer is now satisfied
that the problem arose from improper maintenance and not defective materials  or
workmanship.

It is common, said Webb, for consumers not to realize that the textured  surface
of the vinyl retains soil and that proper cleaning techniques are  required.

Action solves problems and gets answers for you. If you have a question, or
your own attempts to resolve a consumer complaint have failed, write Times
Action, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL 33731, or call your Action number,
893-8171, or, outside of Pinellas, (800) 333-7505, ext. 8171, to leave a
recorded request.

Requests will be accepted only by mail or voice mail; calls cannot be  returned.
We will not be responsible for personal documents, so please send  only
photocopies. If your complaint concerns merchandise ordered by mail, we  need
copies of both sides of your canceled check.

We may require additional information or prefer to reply by mail; therefore,
readers must provide a full mailing address, including ZIP code. Names of
letter writers will not be omitted except in unusual circumstances. Letters  may
be edited for length and clarity.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Day

               Distributed by Knight/Ridder Tribune News Service

                            March 18, 2006 Saturday

Judge: Foxwoods drug discounts are legal

BYLINE: Karen Florin, The Day, New London, Conn.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 631 words


Mar. 18--MASHANTUCKET -- Foxwoods Resort Casino employees' prescription drug
benefit is safe, at least for now.

The Mashantucket Pequots won the latest round in a lengthy battle with the
federal Indian Health Service to continue providing deeply discounted
medications to non-Indian employees and their family members. Though a previous
decision had gone against the tribe, Department of the Interior Judge Andrew S.
Pearlstein, based in Phoenix, Ariz., decided March 10 that the tribe is legally
purchasing the discounted drugs.

The Mashantuckets operate their own pharmacy and contract with the Indian Health
Service to purchase drugs at the federal supply schedule rate, which typically
is a discount of 40 percent compared to conventional managed-care plans.

The tribe estimated it saved $2.5 million a year on pharmaceuticals for
non-Indian employees between 1992 and 2001. Tribal members and more than 11,000
tribal employees and their families get prescriptions for free from the tribe's
pharmacy.

The Indian Health Service has partially declined the tribe's contracts each year
since 1999 because non-Indians were receiving the discounted drugs. The
inspector general for the Department of Health & Human Services announced in
2000 that the tribe had given away millions in discounted prescription drugs
that were intended for American Indians.

In the latest decision, Judge Pearlstein wrote that the tribe is lawfully taking
advantage of a specific provision in the Indian Health Care Improvement Act that
allows it to extend its health services to non-Indian employees. He notes the
'irony' of the situation is that the act was created for the purpose of
extending services to otherwise ineligible persons in remote areas where there
may not be any reasonably available alternative services.

"But there is no evidence that Congress intended that to be the only situation
in which to apply it," the judge wrote. The decision notes there are 40
pharmacies within 10 miles of the reservation.

Barbara Hudson, an attorney for the Indian Health Service, said the case would
go to U.S. Department of Health & Human Services officials for a final decision.
Should Indian Health Service lose, it is unclear if the agency would appeal
since it is a part of the Health & Human Services department.

The Mashantuckets, on the other hand, have waged a lengthy battle for the right
to provide the discounted drugs and would be likely to appeal to federal court
should they lose. Jackson T. King Jr., the tribe's lead attorney, could not be
reached for comment Thursday.

The final decision could have implications for other tribes that employ large
numbers of people. The Mohegans, who provide more traditional prescription
benefits to employees of their casino, are following the case, though Tribal
Vice Chairwoman Lynn Malerba, a former hospital administrator who also headed up
the tribe's Health & Human Services department, said Thursday she had not had a
chance to read the latest decision.

"I'm not certain we would change our practices, but it's certainly very
appealing to be able to offer medications to your employees at a deep discount,"
Malerba said.

The Mashantucket Pequots last year offered cut-rate prescription medications to
members of the Chamber of Commerce of Eastern Connecticut. Pharmacy President
Karen J. Hatcher said at the time that the tribe had about 22,000 pharmacy
customers and was filling about 5,000 prescriptions a week.

To see more of The Day, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theday.com. Copyright (c) 2006, The Day, New London, Conn.
Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News. For information on
republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511 (U.S.), (213) 237-4914
(worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20060318-NL-DRUG-INSURE-20060318

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NL


                             Copyright 2006 The Day


                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Hotels help stranded travelers with lower rates;
Northeast blizzard has delayed flights for visitors here

BYLINE: JOSH BOATWRIGHT; Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 206 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



HIGHLIGHT: A list of 30 hotels offer discounted rates to travelers stranded by
the massive snow storm up north.


Travelers marooned at the beach due to a massive winter storm that has cut off
flights to the Northeast can enjoy discounted rates at area hotels this week.

Thirty hotels from Clearwater to St. Petersburg have posted reduced rates on the
website for the Pinellas County tourism agency, Visit St. Pete/Clearwater,
starting at about $50 per night.

A violent blizzard that began descending on New England Monday has canceled
thousands of flights across the nation, including many at Tampa International
Airport.

Cancellations and delays are expected to continue for several more days, and
many area hotels are offering discounted rates through the upcoming weekend.

At the lower end price-wise, the Magnuson Hotel in Clearwater is offering rooms
at $55, while luxury properties such as the Hyatt Regency in Clearwater Beach go
for up to $235 for a suite.

The special rates are posted on Visit St. Pete/Clearwater's website and can be
viewed at the following link: www.pinellas cvb.com /sites/pinellas cvb.com
/master/files/ hotel-rates-winter-storm-juno-012615.pdf

Those stranded in the Tampa Bay area during the next few days can expect
sunshine with daytime temperatures in the mid- to upper 60s, according to the
National Weather Service.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

FNB in St. Louis Begins Offering Discounted CDs

                           April 15, 1981, Wednesday

Midwestern Bureau

DATELINE: ST. LOUIS


First National Bank in St. Louis has joined the small but growing number of
banks issuing discounted certificates of deposit.

The bank initiated its program on Tuesday, but with rates declining during the
early part of the day had held off issuing any of the new discounted paper. The
bank's paper is issued in minimums of $150,000 and has maturities of between 14
days and one year.

The discounting of large certificates of deposits eliminates the stated interest
coupon used on non-discounted CDs. The bank agrees to pay the holder of a CD the
stated value on the bond when the deposit matures. The interest is determined by
the discount at which the note sells in the market.

The change to discounting makes the method of interest calculation the same as
is used on Treasury bills, bankers' acceptances and commercial paper. The
decision to discount CDs is expected to make them more easily comparable with
such alternative investments.

An officer of First in St. Louis said that the bank feels the discounting will
be attractive to large investors, those with $1 million or more to invest. He
said there is really no advantage to the smaller investor.

First in St. Louis is a relatively recent entrant in the national CD market, the
bank officer said, and feels the decision to discount will help sell paper to
large, active institutions that may need to decide quickly between a series of
investment possibilities.

The first major bank to move to the discounted CD was Continental Illinois
National Bank & Trust Co., which began selling the CDs on Feb. 17. A small
number of banks have followed Continental's lead.

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 273 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 American Banker, Inc.


                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 12, 2016 Monday

BRIEF: Winter flights across US hit all-time low

BYLINE: The Press Democrat, Santa Rosa, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 133 words


Dec. 12--If you've been thinking about flying cross-country in the near future,
now is the time to book your flights. Nearly all major airlines are offering
heavily discounted flights to places like New York, Florida, Atlanta and more
between the months of January and March.

A few examples of discounted flights from SFO include the following:

SFO-New York/Newark: $237 roundtrip (all)

SFO/LAX-Miami or Ft Lauderdale: $275-$295 roundtrip (all)

SFO-Atlanta: $276 roundtrip (Delta, United)

Are you traveling after the holidays? Where are you excited to go?

*Flight information found via google.com/flights on Dec. 12. Prices subject to
change.

___ (c)2016 The Press Democrat (Santa Rosa, Calif.) Visit The Press Democrat
(Santa Rosa, Calif.) at www.pressdemocrat.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20161212-UR-BRF-Winter-flights-across-US-hit-all-time-low-1212-20161212

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UR


                       Copyright 2016 The Press Democrat


                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                      March 18, 2015 Wednesday 6:30 AM EST

FPL Announces Three Pre-Qualified Data Center Sites

LENGTH: 726  words


March 18 -- Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) today announced the
certification of three new pre-qualified data center sites within its 35-county
service territory. Biggins Lacy Shapiro & Company (BLS), a leading economics and
site selection firm, which was commissioned by FPL to conduct the study,
reviewed a combination of factors to identify the most attractive sites for data
centers in Florida. The criteria included reliable and redundant power, fiber
infrastructure, competitive cost structures and locations insulated from
man-made and natural risks.

The three pre-qualified sites provide operators a wide variety of usage, from
stand-alone enterprises to co-location facilities, access to utilities,
proximity to major highways and metropolitan areas, favorable demographics, site
logistics and security. The sites are:

* Jupiter Research Park, near West Palm Beach, offering 10 acres; zoning
pre-approval for a 160,000-square foot building

* Lakewood Ranch Corporate Park, near Sarasota, offering 56 acres of undeveloped
land; space to build a 100,000-square foot "white space"

* Nassau Crossing Industrial Park, in northeast Florida near Jacksonville,
offering 20-30 acres at 40 feet above sea level; space to build 60,000-100,000
square feet of "white space"

"The BLS study has provided us with special insight in order to understand the
unique needs of data center operators and how FPL can be a partner in helping
these companies succeed," said Lynn Pitts, director of economic development for
FPL. "With tech hiring booming and sunny Florida as an ideal backdrop for
business, we look forward to welcoming new companies to the Sunshine State and
helping businesses that already call Florida home to continue to grow and
prosper."

In addition to these three pre-qualified locations, FPL offers businesses
discounted electric rates and reliable infrastructure while also leveraging
Florida's vast long-haul and international fiber network. Florida has also been
ranked number two in tech hiring by The Dice Report and number two for Best
Business Climate by Business Facilities Magazine.

In 2014, FPL added a negotiable rate, known as the Commercial Industrial Service
Rate (CISR), for big power users such as data centers. In order to negotiate
this rate, potential or existing businesses must, among other requirements, have
a load of 2,000 kilowatts or greater, served by a single meter. FPL also offers
discounted electric rates that are designed for new and expanding businesses
that meet certain electricity usage criteria and create jobs for Floridians.
While FPL's rates are already significantly lower than the national average, the
discounted rates serve as an added incentive for companies considering moving to
or expanding in Florida.

Together with its energy service affiliate, Sugarloaf Associates, BLS designed a
three-phase evaluation process that analyzed the electric supply and capacity,
electricity costs, access to long- and short-haul fiber providers, water
availability, tax exemptions and incentives, demographics, vendor/supplier
networks and the ability to complete construction over a period of 18 months.
Further studies are underway to identify additional sites to respond to market
demand.

"Within the FPL service area, there is a significant amount of fiber access,"
says Tim Comerford, senior vice president of BLS's energy services team. "Couple
that with their utility infrastructure, and I think you have a great combination
for site selection within Florida."

To help data center site selectors, real estate professionals, economic
development partners and businesses looking to relocate or expand in Florida,
FPL created a one-stop online resource center at PoweringFlorida.com. The site
features detailed fact sheets on these three pre-qualified sites and tools to
access comprehensive, objective data. It helps economic development partners
build community evaluations and proposals to determine if Florida is the right
fit for relocating and expanding businesses. Since FPL began offering discounted
rates for economic development in the state, 49 companies have signed up to
participate, creating more than 8,000 jobs.

To request the full study or to learn more about Florida's pre-qualified data
center sites, discounted electric rates and more, visit
PoweringFlorida.com/datacenter.

Source: Florida Power & Light

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           January 28, 2015 Wednesday

Hotels cut rates for stranded visitors;
Northeast blizzard has delayed flights for travelers here

BYLINE: JOSH BOATWRIGHT; Tribune staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 210 words

DATELINE: ST. PETERSBURG



HIGHLIGHT: A list of 30 hotels offer discounted rates to travelers stranded by
the massive snow storm up north.


Travelers marooned at the beach due to a massive winter storm that has cut off
flights to the Northeast can enjoy discounted rates at area hotels this week.

Thirty hotels from Clearwater to St. Petersburg have posted reduced rates on the
website for the Pinellas County tourism agency, Visit St. Pete/Clearwater,
starting at about $50 per night.

A violent blizzard that began descending on New England Monday has cancelled
thousands of flights across the nation, including many at Tampa International
Airport.

Cancellations and delays are expected to continue for several more days, and
many area hotels are offering discounted rates through the upcoming weekend.

At the lower end price-wise, the Magnuson Hotel in Clearwater is offering rooms
at $55, while luxury properties such as the Hyatt Regency in Clearwater Beach go
for up to $235 for a suite.

The special rates are posted on Visit St. Pete/Clearwater's website and can be
viewed at the following link: www.pinellas cvb.com /sites/pinellas cvb.com
/master/files/ hotel-rates-winter-storm-juno-012615.pdf

Those stranded in the Tampa Bay area during the next few days can expect
sunshine with daytime temperatures in the mid- to upper 60s, according to the
National Weather Service.  jboatwright@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 26, 2011 Saturday

New "villages" help aging Americans stay at home

BYLINE: By Suzanne Bohan Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 888 words


When Bob and Lynn Forthman joined Ashby Village in July 2010, they never figured
they'd need its services so soon.

The virtual "village" in Berkeley is one of 65 nationwide, with 120 more in the
works. The volunteer-driven networks are meant to help seniors continue living
in their homes by delivering a multitude of services they no longer can do for
themselves and to help them stay engaged through social events.

What started with the first village in 2001 in Boston has become a fast-growing
phenomenon that could fill a critical gap as baby boomers age and longevity
increases. By 2050, demographers project that one in five Americans will be 65
or older, part of a "silver tsunami."

"I think this is going to be the way of the future," said Berdeen Coven, a
psychologist leading the drive to launch the Silicon Valley Village, expected to
open by June. "There just aren't going to be enough private facilities for
people to age in, and we have to get together and help each other out as we live
longer."

Members pay yearly dues, ranging from $35 to more than $900, with half offering
discounted rates, according to a nationwide survey by UC Berkeley researchers.

In exchange, members are a phone call away from such free services as driving,
gardening, computer help, home repairs, shopping and other day-to-day needs.

Village volunteers also help members sell homes that have become too large and
move to smaller dwellings.

A screened list of vendors such as plumbers and electricians offer discounted
rates.

A month after the Forthmans joined, a driver ran a red light in West Berkeley,
smashing into Lynn Forthman as she drove to her haircut appointment. The driver
fled and was never caught, but the 86-year-old woman had five shattered ribs.

"I called Ashby Village and asked 'Could you people be of any help?' " Bob
Forthman said. "They said 'Of course we could.' "

A geriatric social worker from Ashby Village warned Bob Forthman against
transferring his wife from the hospital to a nursing home with a poor reputation
and helped him resist pressure to release her until she was transferred to a
better facility.

After Lynn Forthman returned home, she received discounted in-home care from an
organization referred by Ashby Village.

"It's kind of like an insurance policy," said Bob Forthman, who retired as a
professor in 1996 from what's now called Cal State East Bay. "They were there
when I needed them."

But his wife of 60 years didn't survive the accident; she died several weeks
later. Forthman, 86, said he wasn't sure he could cope. "I was simply not
functioning very well. I honestly thought I might have to be hospitalized."

Three village volunteers visited him the day she died, bringing coffee,
croissants, hugs and sympathetic ears. "For someone going through that
experience, listening is what they want," he said.

Another volunteer who has since become a good friend helped Forthman write and
publish a newspaper obituary and led the arrangements for Lynn Forthman's
memorial service, including finding a rabbi.

Others helped hire vendors to prepare his large Berkeley hills home for sale and
to find a condominium in an adults-only community in Berkeley.

He now joins the numerous social events the village organizes, from hikes and
potlucks to book groups and seminars.

Most villages have one or two full-time staff members and a cadre of volunteers
from fellow members to high school students.

Ashby Village launched in 2010 with $80,000 in dues and donations from charter
members and now has 170 members. It hopes to double that number, said Andy
Gaines, executive director. Ninety-five percent of its members renewed this
year, paying $750 individually or $1,200 per household.

The villages serve a population falling between a wide gap in care for aging
Americans. Medicaid covers nursing homes and some in-home care for the poorest,
and the wealthy can afford costly assisted-living facilities or hired help. "But
for people who are middle-class or upper middle-class, there was a hole," Gaines
said.

A UC Berkeley researcher is heading a three-year evaluation, funded by the
Archstone Foundation, to determine the qualities most likely to ensure the
long-term viability of the nonprofit villages.

"It's too early to draw any conclusions, except that villages seem to be doing
pretty well," said Andrew Scharlach, director of UC Berkeley's Center for
Advanced Study of Aging Services. The numbers of villages nationwide are
"growing exponentially," he said.

Only a few have failed, Scharlach said, and that was due to either lack of
capital or lack of leadership and paid staff.

Coven, with the Silicon Valley Village, said about 20 volunteers are working to
launch it once they secure enough startup funding, expected mostly from
individuals.

"Our goal is $100,000 so we won't ever have to close our doors," Coven said.

They will charge $800 annually per person, or $950 per household. They plan to
start small, serving Los Gatos, Saratoga, Monte Sereno and parts of Campbell and
add 100 members yearly until they're serving most of Santa Clara County.

Does anything similar serve older adults?

"There is nothing, there is nothing," Coven said.

Suzanne Bohan covers science. Contact her at 510-262-2789. Follow her at
Twitter.com/suzbohan . Village Network
To learn more about the village movement, go to www.vtvnetwork.org .

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                            October 1, 2009 Thursday

Pakistan: Etihad offers special fares to New York, London & Manchester

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Oct. 31 -- KARACHI, Etihad Airways, the national airlineof the United
Arab Emirates, is offering discounted faresexclusively from Lahore and Islamabad
to New York, London andManchester. An announcement here on Friday said that the
new promotionis exclusively for passengers travelling from the northerncities of
Pakistan throughout the month of October until November14, 2009. It said that
the passengers wishing to take advantage ofthese discounted fares must purchase
their tickets before November14 for travel commencing by November 20, 2009,
valid for a periodof six months. Amer N. Khan, Country Manager Etihad Airways
Pakistan saidthat Etihad has introduced a number of discounted packages forthe
Pakistani travellers during 2009 and will continue to offerthe best deals and
services in future as well. "We have had great feedback on the exclusive deals
we offerand this is why we want to continue ensuring great value for moneyto our
customers", he added. Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak
Banker. For more information on news feed please contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at
htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

Anger as bus passengers miss out on fare discounts

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 454 words


MIDDLETON SUFFERING Coun Alan Godson (inset) said First's decision to only sell
discounted bus tickets within the M60 motorway boundary reminded him of the
congestion charge proposals

CHRIS JONES COMMUTERS in Middleton could have to pay 260 a year more to get into
Manchester than their neighbours in north Manchester. First Bus are offering
discounted tickets to passengers travelling into the city centre who board in
Blackley, Moston, Harpurhey, Crumpsall and Cheetham Hill. But Middleton isn't
covered by the scheme, meaning passengers have to pay the normal day and week
rates. The cheaper promotional tickets available to passengers in north
Manchester cost 3.90 a day or 13 a week compared to the normal 4.50 a day or 18
a week that passengers in Middleton have to pay. Over 12 months, the 5
difference between the two weekly tickets could see a commuter making the daily
journey from Middleton into Manchester pay 260 a year more than someone using
the same service, but who gets on board in north Manchester. In the case of the
59 and 18 service, both of which travel from Manchester city centre into
Middleton, passengers will only be able to go as far as the M60 boundary on the
discounted ticket. To continue their journey over the M60 motorway and into
Middleton, they will have to buy the more expensive standard ticket when they
get on board. Councillor Alan Godson, who represents the town on the Transport
for Greater Manchester Committee, said: It's a very odd situation. In the case
of the 18, passengers will only be able to go as far as Victoria Avenue on the
discounted ticket. When I heard that First were using the M60 as a boundary for
these promotional tickets I though to myself 'where have I heard that before?'
The answer was during the congestion charge, which we were able to throw out,
where they wanted to start charging us to drive into Manchester as soon as we
crossed the M60. I don't believe the decision related to the congestion charge,
but once again Middleton is suffering because it's on the 'wrong' side of the
M60. Simon Pearson, commercial director for First in Greater Manchester, said
they would consider extending the area where people could buy the discounted
FirstDayM60 and FirstWeekM60 tickets. He said: We have seen encouraging signs of
growth so far and we are extending the promotion while we look at long term
offers on the range of fares we have. This continuing cut-price ticket offer
will benefit a vast majority of our customers and leave them with extra money in
their pockets each week. We will monitor the success of this offer and, if
popular with our customers, then we will consider rolling it out to other parts
of the First bus network in Greater Manchester.

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

Anger as bus passengers miss out on fare discounts

BYLINE: WFnode

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 454 words


MIDDLETON SUFFERING Coun Alan Godson (inset) said First's decision to only sell
discounted bus tickets within the M60 motorway boundary reminded him of the
congestion charge proposals

CHRIS JONES COMMUTERS in Middleton could have to pay 260 a year more to get into
Manchester than their neighbours in north Manchester. First Bus are offering
discounted tickets to passengers travelling into the city centre who board in
Blackley, Moston, Harpurhey, Crumpsall and Cheetham Hill. But Middleton isn't
covered by the scheme, meaning passengers have to pay the normal day and week
rates. The cheaper promotional tickets available to passengers in north
Manchester cost 3.90 a day or 13 a week compared to the normal 4.50 a day or 18
a week that passengers in Middleton have to pay. Over 12 months, the 5
difference between the two weekly tickets could see a commuter making the daily
journey from Middleton into Manchester pay 260 a year more than someone using
the same service, but who gets on board in north Manchester. In the case of the
59 and 18 service, both of which travel from Manchester city centre into
Middleton, passengers will only be able to go as far as the M60 boundary on the
discounted ticket. To continue their journey over the M60 motorway and into
Middleton, they will have to buy the more expensive standard ticket when they
get on board. Councillor Alan Godson, who represents the town on the Transport
for Greater Manchester Committee, said: It's a very odd situation. In the case
of the 18, passengers will only be able to go as far as Victoria Avenue on the
discounted ticket. When I heard that First were using the M60 as a boundary for
these promotional tickets I though to myself 'where have I heard that before?'
The answer was during the congestion charge, which we were able to throw out,
where they wanted to start charging us to drive into Manchester as soon as we
crossed the M60. I don't believe the decision related to the congestion charge,
but once again Middleton is suffering because it's on the 'wrong' side of the
M60. Simon Pearson, commercial director for First in Greater Manchester, said
they would consider extending the area where people could buy the discounted
FirstDayM60 and FirstWeekM60 tickets. He said: We have seen encouraging signs of
growth so far and we are extending the promotion while we look at long term
offers on the range of fares we have. This continuing cut-price ticket offer
will benefit a vast majority of our customers and leave them with extra money in
their pockets each week. We will monitor the success of this offer and, if
popular with our customers, then we will consider rolling it out to other parts
of the First bus network in Greater Manchester.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                          February 10, 2016 Wednesday

School district offers seniors a pass

BYLINE: Stacey Becker stacey.becker@thmedia.com

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 446 words


Dubuque Community School District events now will be free for certain senior
citizens.

People who live within the district's boundaries and are at least 65 years old
qualify for a senior citizen activities pass. The passes allows free admission
to athletic events, plays and musicals. It is not valid for intracity
competitions or playoff tournaments.

"We hope to get more people in our stands," said Amy Hawkins, district
activities and athletics supervisor. "The more people in our stands, the better
it is for our kids. They love to play in front of a crowd."

Passes can be obtained from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. weekdays at The Forum, 2300
Chaney Road. People will need to show an ID for proof of age and address.

School Board Member Tom Barton has expressed a desire to provide senior citizens
with free activities passes for years.

"Our senior citizens have been so supportive of the public school system in
Dubuque," he said. "I just think it's really a cool thing to do to open up our
doors to the senior citizens of the community."

In December, Barton brought up the idea again at a district activities committee
meeting. It later was discussed by the education programs/policy/strategy
committee.

Those discussions included what area school districts offer senior citizens.
Hawkins said school districts within the Mississippi Valley Conference provide
senior citizens with a free pass, discounted rate and no special rate for
district events. Dubuque had offered a discounted rate of $1 less than the adult
admission.

Senior citizens who live outside the district's boundaries will continue to be
eligible for the prior discounted rate.

While the activities passes and discounted rates are valid for most district
events, people will need to pre-register with schools for plays or musicals that
require tickets.

Tri-state-area schools take varying approaches to admission for senior citizens.

In Bellevue (Iowa) Community School District, people 62 and older can purchase a
$5 activity pass that allows them to enter regular season athletic events for
free. The pass does not need to be renewed, and it can be purchased by those
outside of the school district boundaries. Senior citizens pay to watch
productions.

In Wisconsin, Platteville School District does not require any individual 65 and
older to pay admission to regular season athletic games. However, those
individuals do pay reduced rates for school plays and musicals.

Galena (Ill.) School District allows people 60 and older to bypass admission
costs at regular season athletic events. Those individuals can watch middle
school musicals and plays for free; however, they pay a reduced rate for high
school musicals and plays.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              June 20, 2003 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

THEATER GUIDE

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend Desk; Pg.
4

LENGTH: 3323 words


A selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy Broadway and
Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in parentheses. *
denotes a highly recommended show.+ means discounted tickets were available at
the Theater Development Fund's TKTS booth for performances last Friday and
Saturday nights.++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for
last Friday night only.+++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS
booth for performances last Saturday night only.

Broadway


*+ "LA BOHEME" (special Tony Award for principal ensemble). Baz Luhrmann's
rapturous reimagining of Puccini's opera of love in a garret turns out to be
both the coolest and the warmest show in town, an enchanted mixture of
self-conscious artistry and emotional richness. Opera purists should know that
this production is no slice of wiseguy revisionism. What Mr. Luhrmann and his
extraordinary production designer, Catherine Martin (Tony winner for best
scenery), have done is to find the visual equivalent for the sensual beauty and
vigor of the score. The stars of this "Boheme" may be as pretty as Calvin Klein
models, but their voices for the most part match their faces. And while Mr.
Luhrmann and Ms. Martin have brought a defiantly stagy sense of theatricality to
the cinema with films like "Romeo and Juliet" and "Moulin Rouge," they have
reversed the equation with "La Boheme," bringing to the theater a seductive
cinematic flow. The three rotating sets of principals are sexy, vital and
utterly committed to the moment (2:30). Broadway Theater, 1681 Broadway, at 52nd
Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $41.25 to $101.25; a
limited number of $21.25 rush tickets are available at the box office two hours
before the performance (Ben Brantley).

*++ "GYPSY." Playing a role that few people thought would ever fit her and
shadowed by vultures predicting disaster, Bernadette Peters has delivered the
surprise coup of many a Broadway season. This beloved eternal daughter of the
American musical has taken on that genre's most daunting maternal role: Momma
Rose, a part cast in bronze by Ethel Merman more than four decades ago. Directed
by Sam Mendes, Ms. Peters has created the most complex and compelling portrait
of her long career. In bringing new sensuality and self-awareness to Rose, Ms.
Peters breaks the Merman mold, but without distorting the nigh perfect shape of
a show assembled by the magical team of Arthur Laurents, Jule Styne and Stephen
Sondheim. As a whole Mr. Mendes's production may seem disappointingly status
quo. But the brassy glories of the score and much of Jerome Robbins's original
choreography are here to be savored as the stunning Ms. Peters casts new and
haunting shadows on a familiar landscape. The fine supporting cast includes John
Dossett and, in the title role, the coltish Tammy Blanchard (2:45). Shubert
Theater, 225 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200. Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m. Tickets: $61.25 to
$101.25, with a limited number of $25 student rush tickets available Monday
through Thursday evenings (Brantley).

* "HAIRSPRAY" (winner of eight Tony Awards). An endearing adaptation of John
Waters's 1987 movie that's as sweet as a show can be without promoting tooth
decay. True, this tale of rock 'n' roll and race relations, centered on a
television dance show in Baltimore in 1962, can be pushy in its preachiness. But
like "The Producers," "Hairspray" succeeds in recreating the pleasure of the
old-fashioned musical comedy without seeming old-fashioned. Its ensemble members
-- who include the freshest array of young singers and dancers since "Rent" --
inhabit their Popsicle-colored world (designed with eye-teasing flair by David
Rockwell) without a whit of self-consciousness. Marc Shaiman and Scott Wittman's
songs translate the infectious hooks of period pop into Broadway bounciness,
while Jack O'Brien's direction gleams with a common touch that stops short of
vulgar. Harvey Fierstein as Edna Turnblad (a role created by Divine), Dick
Latessa as her adoring husband and Marissa Jaret Winokur as their plus-size
firebrand of a daughter are all radiantly sincere, even at their funniest
(2:25). Neil Simon Theater, 250 West 52nd Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.;
Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $65 to $100 (Brantley).

* "LONG DAY'S JOURNEY INTO NIGHT" (Tony winner for best play revival). Good old
pity and terror, the responses that Aristotle deemed appropriate to tragedy, are
seldom stirred on Broadway these days. But Vanessa Redgrave (Tony winner for
best actress in a play) as the morphine-addicted mother of a family at war with
itself, elicits them again and again in this fine, soul-piercing production of
Eugene O'Neill's autobiographical masterpiece, directed by Robert Falls.
Wandering restlessly through the long day of the play's title, dispensing blame
and love, cold lies and scalding truth, Ms. Redgrave's Mary Tyrone seems
destined to inhabit the memories of anyone who sees her here. Mind you, the men
Mary rules are embodied by an estimable crew in this physically intense
interpretation: a vigorous Brian Dennehy (Tony for best actor in a play) is
Mary's grandstanding husband, and Philip Seymour Hoffman and Robert Sean Leonard
are their sons. But Ms. Redgrave seems to inhabit the night's every pore, as if
she were the fever in the bloodstream of this immortally anguished play (4:00).
Plymouth Theater, 236 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays
at 7 p.m.; Saturdays at 1 and 7 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $61.25 to
$101.25, with a limited number of $26.25 student rush tickets available at the
box office on the day of the performance (Brantley).

+ " 'MASTER HAROLD' . . . AND THE BOYS." Those who lament the eroding effects of
time and Hollywood on vital young actors might want to check out Danny Glover's
performance in Lonny Price's revival of this wrenching drama by Athol Fugard for
the Roundabout Theater Company. After 20 highly visible years in film, Mr.
Glover returns to Broadway in the same play with which he made his debut in
1982. And he emerges with a presence so enhanced that it verges on the
monumental. Mr. Glover, first seen as Willie in the same play, now portrays Sam,
the South African servant memorably originated by Zakes Mokae. That Mr. Glover
gracefully sidesteps Mr. Mokae's shadow is heartening news. Unfortunately the
production as a whole -- which also stars Michael Boatman and, as the conflicted
schoolboy of the title, a shrill Christopher Denham -- never scales the
emotional peaks of which the play is capable. Still, Mr. Glover finds affecting
shades of gray within Sam's gravitas (1:30). Roundabout Theater Company, at the
Royale Theater, 242 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and
Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 2 p.m.
Tickets: $46.25 to $76.25, with half-price student tickets available at the box
office 30 minutes before the performance (Brantley).

* "MOVIN' OUT." The choreographer Twyla Tharp (Tony winner for best
choreography) and her vivid team of dancers unearth the reasons certain cliches
keep resonating and, more important, make them gleam as if newly minted. This
shimmering portrait of an American generation, a modern narrative ballet set to
the music of Billy Joel, follows the snoozily familiar stories of five
blue-collar friends from high school through the Vietnam War and its long
hangover. Yet the whole thing vibrates with a riveting uneasiness. The show
translates the subliminal anxiety you always feel watching dancers onstage --
will they stay in sync? will they stumble? -- into a study of characters who
cannot find equilibrium. The show is stronger in shadows than in sunlight. But
at its best, the choreography internalizes Mr. Joel's often masochistic songs
with aching grace. Michael Cavanaugh is the remarkable piano man who sings the
entire score, and an athletic dancer named John Selya is dazzling as a grease
monkey turned Vietnam veteran turned addict (2:00). Richard Rodgers Theater, 226
West 46th Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $40 to $100
(Brantley).

"NINE" (Tony winnerfor best revival of a musical). David Leveaux's
glamour-saturated revival of Maury Yeston's musical look into a movie director's
mind isn't big on momentum or coherence. But it definitely has a point of view:
a cool, gauzy vision of a mod, mod world. To watch this hyper-elegant
production, which stars Antonio Banderas in his Broadway debut, is like flipping
through a Diana Vreeland-era Vogue. You enjoy the hair styles, the clothes, the
elaborately applied eye shadow and the occasional nonfashion feature, in the
form of a gorgeous song or a witty cameo performance. This is a "Nine" for an
MTV-bred generation, used to experiencing songs as image bites. More
conventionally minded theatergoers can take comfort in Mr. Yeston's sumptuous
score and scintillating abbreviated star turns from Jane Krakowski (Tony winner
for best featured actress in a musical) and Chita Rivera. As for Mr. Banderas,
he turns out to be a disarming (if somewhat passive) pocket Adonis, a sweeter
variation on the old-style Latin lover (2:15). Eugene O'Neill Theater, 230 West
49th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; and Sundays at 2 p.m. Tickets: $61 to
$101 (Brantley).

*++ "TAKE ME OUT" (Tony winner for best play). Playing a socially challenged
money manager named Mason Marzac, Denis O'Hare (Tony winner for best featured
actor in a play) shines with the gloom-dispelling wattage that comes when a
first-rate actor meets a role he was born to play. When Mason talks about
baseball (yes, baseball) in Richard Greenberg's comic drama, directed with verve
by Joe Mantello (Tony winner for best director), the show emanates the dewy,
delirious passion of a "Boheme" for the ESPN set. This story of pride and
prejudice in professional sports, seen at the Public Theater last fall, has been
advantageously shaved and streamlined for its Broadway incarnation. But in
tracing the impact of a godlike baseball player (the perfectly cast Daniel
Sunjata) who declares his homosexuality, Mr. Greenberg winds up sacrificing
fully developed characters and plotting to Ideas with a capital I. Those
notorious shower scenes remain, just so you know. But it is Mr. Greenberg's
infatuation with baseball, ecstatically channeled by Mr. O'Hare, that makes this
a show to cheer about (2:45). Walter Kerr Theater, 219 West 48th Street, (212)
239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at
2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $66 to $81 (Brantley).

Off Broadway

"A BAD FRIEND." The time is 1953 and the place is Brooklyn, more specifically
lefty Brooklyn, progressive Brooklyn, the Brooklyn that was a center for
Communist idealism. This is the milieu that Jules Feiffer, the cartoonist and
playwright, remembers in his new play. And though by now writers have grazed the
McCarthy-era 50's nearly bare -- one reason the first act of the play feels
warmed over -- the peculiarly personal nature of Mr. Feiffer's play finally
makes it both dramatically absorbing and historically valuable. When it finds
its center, in its conflict between a true-believing mother (played by the
riveting Jan Maxwell) and her independent-minded teenage daughter (a delightful
newcomer, Kala Savage), the play resonates with painful nostalgia and honestly
appraised personal history (2:00). Mitzi E. Newhouse Theater, Lincoln Center,
150 West 65th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $60 (Bruce
Weber).

* "I AM MY OWN WIFE." Charlotte von Mahlsdorf, who died last year, was a
celebrated German transvestite and homosexual who, through a mixture of guile,
courage and self-preserving compromise, endured the two cruelest 20th-century
regimes in the West -- the Nazis and the virulently repressive Communists --
despite their thoroughgoing disdain of homosexuality and gay culture. She
evidently did so by informing on many of her closest friends. In 1992, before
the betrayals came to light, the playwright Doug Wright traveled to Berlin and
encountered her, resulting in this one-actor play, in which Jefferson Mays
delivers an extraordinary performance. Directed by Moises Kaufman with heartbeat
precision, the play is a fascinating and beautifully written character study of
Mahlsdorf, whom Mr. Wright initially viewed as a hero and an inspiration but
whose story turns out to be much more complicated than a mere profile in
courage. (2:00). Playwrights Horizons, 416 West 42nd Street, Clinton, (212)
279-4200.Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 3 and 8 p.m.; Sundays
at 3 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $55, with a limited number of $15 student rush
tickets available at the box office one hour before the performance (Weber).

"INTRIGUE WITH FAYE." Life somehow seems fuller in two dimensions than it does
in three in Kate Robin's sex comedy. In theory the thrill of this production,
directed by Jim Simpson, should come from seeing, full-size and in the flesh,
two top-flight stars from the small screen: Benjamin Bratt (late of "Law and
Order") and Julianna Margulies (best known as Nurse Carol Hathaway on "E.R.").
Yet such wit, sensuality and satiric flair as the play has -- and we're not
talking large quantities -- is confined almost entirely to the show's videotaped
sequences, which feature appearances by stars like Swoosie Kurtz and Gretchen
Mol. Since "Intrigue" is about a couple searching for intimacy by recording
their actions on camera, you could say this is appropriate. Still, it seems
unlikely that anyone involved intended to make the argument that unmediated
experience is as tedious as it appears here (2:00). Acorn Theater, 410 West 42nd
Street, (212) 279-4200. Mondays at 8 p.m.; Tuesdays at 7 p.m.; Thursdays and
Fridays at 8 p.m.; Wednesdays at 2:30 and 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 8 p.m. Tickets:
$55 (Brantley).

"LAST DANCE." Pretty women, pretty men, pretty words. Surface charm runs high in
Marsha Norman's new play, which suggests that if loveliness is not next to
godliness, it is at least kind of divine. This perfumed comedy of erotic
entanglements is presented as a love poem to a vanishing world of Southern
graciousness and eccentricity, embodied by the play's luscious heroine, a famous
novelist (JoBeth Williams). But the production feels more like a tribute to a
genre of theater popular in the 1920's and 30's, the cosmopolitan idyll in which
the language of love is the epigram. Actually, in terms of substantial structure
and characters, "Last Dance" has nothing on its frivolous ancestors. Directed by
Lynne Meadow, this 90-minute play exists mostly in a cloud of affectations. The
show's four attractive ensemble members speak their attractive dialogue
attractively. But their bons mots mostly seem like random jewels, waiting to be
strung into a necklace (1:30). Manhattan Theater Club, Stage II, 131 West 55th
Street, Manhattan, (212) 581-1212. Tuesdays through Fridays at 7:30 p.m.;
Saturdays and Sundays at 3 and 7:30 p.m. Tickets: $45, with a limited number of
$20 student rush tickets available at the box office up to one hour before the
performance. (Brantley).

*++ "THE LAST SUNDAY IN JUNE." Gay men gather in an apartment on Christopher
Street and discuss the exigencies of gay life; the banter is quick, arch and
complete with persistent sexual innuendo, references to opera and the lingering
shadow of AIDS. This is the obvious convention at work in Jonathan Tolins's new
play. And it might be tiresome if convention itself weren't the object of Mr.
Tolins's savvy scrutiny. The subject is the function of the gay community at a
time when gay rights is no longer a revolutionary idea. And the questions that
underlie the gathering are about things like whether gay men are better off
among themselves or living in the wider world, and whether defining oneself by
one's sexual orientation is healthy and fulfilling. Throughout this timely and
very funny play, the self-awareness of the characters is eclipsed only by that
of the playwright. Mr. Tolins succeeds smartly at his intentions to express
impatience with the staler elements of gay dramatic literature and to push the
"gay play" forward into its next generation of concerns (1:40). Century Center,
111 East 15th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Saturdays at 4 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 and 7 p.m. Tickets: $55. (Weber).

* "THE PERSIANS." This work by Aeschylus is the earliest surviving play in
Western literature: an elegy for a fallen civilization and a warning to Greece,
lest it, too, be overtaken by imperial hubris. This new production is more than
relevant or timely; it is heart wrenching and terrifying. Ellen McLaughlin's new
version serves and uses "The Persians" with true power and grace. The author in
turn is well served by the lean, stark production of the National Actors
Theater, starring Roberta Maxwell and Len Cariou (1:20). Michael Schimmel Center
for the Arts, Pace University, between Park Row and Gold Street, Lower
Manhattan. (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.; Saturdays at 3
and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $45, with a limited number of $12 student
rush tickets available at the box office. (Margo Jefferson).

"SAVANNAH BAY." As with just about everything written by Marguerite Duras, this
two-character play wears its haunting quality on its sleeve. Its refracted
dialogue, its evanescent scene-setting, the wary dance of its characters and
their obliquely recalled memories of erotic love and death are meant to seduce
you with life's most titillating mysteries as well as to provoke a curiosity
about form and content in narrative art. The play is about a once-famous actress
(Kathleen Chalfant), now elderly and with a memory wearing thin, who is visited
by the granddaughter she has never before known (Marin Ireland). Their
discussions are about the woman who represents the generation between them --
daughter to one, mother to the other -- and two particular days, one in which
she conceived a child and the other in which she bore the child and died. The
actresses reflect each other in bearing and elegance, and the direction, by Les
Waters, is, aptly, both stately and lugubrious (1:05). Classic Stage Company,
136 East 13th Street, (212) 677-4210. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 p.m.;
Saturdays at 2 and 8 p.m.; Sundays at 3 p.m. Tickets: $35 to $50 (Weber).

Last Chance

"CAN'T LET GO." Keith Reddin's daffy new comedy about Beth, an office clerk
suddenly besieged by declarations of love from all her co-workers, doesn't say
anything especially noteworthy about relationships or office politics. The
characters, aside from Beth (Rebecca Luker), are broadly drawn caricatures: a
shy, self-conscious nerd from accounting; Beth's presumptuous, grabby boss; and
a lesbian who masks her desperate insecurity with militancy. The dialogue has a
few too many dry patches to sustain entirely the kind of high-energy zaniness
the play aspires to, and Mr. Reddin can belabor a joke. But this is one of those
shows that prove theater is special because it is live. Directed with gleeful
zip by Carl Forsman for the Kean Company, the actors sell the show's loopy
conceit with the kind of ardor that can combust only in three dimensions in the
here and now (1:15). Connelly Theater, 220 East Fourth Street, East Village,
(212) 868-4444. Tonight and tomorrow night at 8; Sunday at 5 p.m. Tickets: $15
(Weber).

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Jefferson Mays in "I Am My Own Wife" at Playwrights Horizons.
(Joan Marcus); Jan Maxwell stars in "A Bad Friend" by Jules Feiffer. (Sara
Krulwich/The New York Times)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Schedule

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            October 22, 2006 Sunday
                                Michigan Edition

DNR issues warning to dishonest license buyers

BYLINE: By LOUIE STOUT, Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: SPORTS; OUTDOORS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 629 words


Indiana's Division of Fish and Wildlife is working to resolve a loophole in the
on-line purchasing process for antlerless deer licenses and seeks hunters'
honesty.

In the meantime, several hunters have taken advantage of the loophole and are
purchasing licenses illegally.

"It is possible for hunters to short-circuit the system and purchase the
discounted second bonus antlerless deer license prior to purchasing the first
bonus antlerless deer license at full price," said Division Director Glen
Salmon.

Salmon said that the program will be fixed, but probably not until after the
hunting season.

"We decided that we would rely upon the honesty of hunters to not purchase the
discounted license until they had first bought a license at full price," he
added.

This is the first year that the DNR has offered a discount on second and
subsequent bonus antlerless licenses that a hunter purchases. The first license
costs $24 for residents and $150 for non-residents. The second license is marked
at $15 for residents and $24 for non-residents.

A check of the system has shown that more than 100 hunters have taken advantage
of the system to date. The DNR will monitor the system regularly and if abuse
continues, it will discontinue the discounted license until the system is
capable of preventing abuse. Hunters who have bypassed the proper system will be
contacted to allow them to correct their error.

Tournament meeting

Clubs interested in conducting fishing tournaments on Lake Wawasee or Sylvan
Lake are urged to have a representative attend a meeting that will be held at
the DNR's Conservation Officers' field office on the southeast side of Lake
Wawasee. The meeting is Nov. 4. at 10 a.m.

Indiana law requires a permit for a weekend fishing tournament of 15 or more
boats, held between April 1 and September 30 on the two lakes. The meeting will
give organizations an opportunity to obtain a pre-approved date for their
tournament. Persons representing organizations must be at least 18 years of age
and a resident of Indiana. Applications received after the meeting will be
handled on a first-come, first-serve basis.

Contact Lt. John Sullivan (574) 457-8092 for more information.

Area anglers shine

Chip Harrison of Bremen and Trevor Jancasz of White Pigeon cashed big checks in
the recent FLW Series bass tournament on Lake of the Ozarks in Missouri.

Harrison finished 13th in the pro division and won $12,500.

Jancasz was sixth in the co-angler division and won $6,000.

Also, Koby Kreiger, a Mishawaka native who now resides in Okeechobee, Fla., was
18th in the pro division and won $12,000.

Deer hunters nabbed

While patrolling Wabash County opening day of deer archery season, Hoosier
Conservation Officer Jerry Hoerdt saw a pick-up truck in a field with one of its
doors open.

Hoerdt approached the vehicle and met two men dressed in camouflage. While
asking a series of questions, the officer noticed one of the hunters was nervous
and evasive with his answers.

Further investigation revealed that both hunters were deer hunting over bait and
were in possession of marijuana. Both were charged with possession of marijuana
and hunting deer over bait.

Obviously, marijuana is an illegal drug, but baiting deer in Indiana is illegal
as well. The bait used was a commercial powder made up of salt and calcium that
deer crave. It was poured on the ground and the deer pawed at it to get to it.

Baiting means to place, expose, deposit, distribute, or scatter grain, salt, or
other feed to lure, attract, or entice a wild animal to an area where a person
may take the wild animal.

"We get a number of questions each year about baiting,"

Hoerdt said. "When your intent is to use bait to draw a deer closer so that you
can gain a shooting advantage, that's where a hunter has crossed the line."

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2006 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hawk Eye (Burlington, Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            November 28, 2010 Sunday

GRMC gets discounted drugs for needy

BYLINE: Nicholas Bergin, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 425 words


Nov. 28--WEST BURLINGTON -- Great River Medical Center will soon be able to buy
expensive medication at a discounted rate to provide to low-income individuals.

"Some of the changes in the health care reform act allow Great River Medical
Center to purchase outpatient drugs at a lower cost," GRMC Reimbursement
Coordinator Phil Good said recently. "This is a positive coming out of health
care reform, surprisingly."

The earliest GRMC could begin receiving the discounted drugs is Jan. 1.

"This is just one of those hoops of the health care reform," Good said.

A massive 3,000-page document, the Patient Protection and Affordable Care Act
was signed into law by President Barack Obama in March.

Drugs affected by the new program include the cancer medications Neulasta, which
will go from $2,800 a dose to $2,200 and Rituxan, which will go from $575 a dose
to $460 a dose, Good said.

Pharmaceutical companies are forced by the new legislation to accept the
discounted rate, Good said.

While it's unclear exactly how much the hospital stands to save, officials hope
it will be hundreds of thousands of dollars, Good said.

The savings will offset some of the cost of assistance GRMC already provides to
low-income people, as well as some of the losses the hospital anticipates from
the health care reform act, including reduction of Medicare and Medicaid
payments, Good said.

The program allows GRMC to purchase certain medications at a discounted rate to
provide health care for low- income Des Moines County residents not entitled to
benefits under Social Security.

The hospital's application to receive the discount, which is due Nov. 30,
required an agreement signed by the Des Moines County Board of Supervisors. The
board rushed through its approval during a special meeting Nov. 23. The request
for the county sign off came too late for officials to get the paperwork on the
three-member board's regular meeting agenda.

"The federal government is really just looking for an overall approval of the
concept by local government agency that is closer to the health care facility,"
Good said.

The county will have no financial obligations under the agreement, acting simply
as a pass-through, County Attorney Pat Jackson said.

To see more of The Hawk Eye or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thehawkeye.com. Copyright (c) 2010, The Hawk Eye, Burlington, Iowa
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101128-QW-GRMC-gets-discounted-drugs-for-needy-1128-20101128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QW


                          Copyright 2010 The Hawk Eye


                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 11, 2016 Thursday

Tennessee: Consumer Affairs Offers Tips on Valentine's Day Gift Certificates

LENGTH: 379  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: The state of Tennessee has issued the following news release:



 The rush to find the perfect gift ahead of Valentine's Day (Sunday, Feb. 14,
2016) is in full swing, and gift certificates are a quick and easy way to make
your loved one's day. The Tennessee Department of Commerce & Insurance's
Division of Consumer Affairs offers a few helpful tips for consumers who are
considering purchasing gift certificates or discounted services for Valentine's
Day.





 When you are sold a gift certificate in the State of Tennessee, remember:



     In general, the expiration date must be at least two years after the date
it was issued to you.

     You should not be charged a fee for the gift certificate to be issued to
you.

     Within two years of purchasing the gift certificate, you should not be
charged service fees (including dormancy fees, latency fees, or administrative
fees) that reduce the total value of the gift certificate.

     A gift certificate does not include prepaid cards.

     As always with shopping, be aware of return policies which are typically
displayed in the store, on the receipts or on the businesses website.

     Be sure to ask about the locations where the gift certificate(s) can be
redeemed.

     Inquire about the terms and conditions associated with purchasing and
redeeming the gift certificate(s).



 Websites like Groupon or Living Social are commonly used to purchase discounted
services as gifts. Those services might include a free or discounted
hair-styling, manicure, or pedicure. Before purchasing a discounted service,
call the company or individual offering the discount to ensure the offer is
legitimate.



 Remember these tips when you visit a hair salon or nail salon to redeem your
gift certificate or discount for services:



     A manager or managing owner must be on site when the shop is open for
business.

     Everyone providing a service must have an active license at all times.

     Instruments must be sanitized after every use.

     Footbaths must be cleaned and disinfected after every use.

     In every shop, a current Tennessee license and graded inspection sheet
should be posted for the public to view.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                      March 4, 2015 Wednesday 4:56 PM GMT

Neil Diamond: Grab your discounted tickets to see the iconic signer at
Manchester Arena - with no booking fee;
See the legendary American singer perform live at Manchester Arena, with Amazon
Local offering a discounted price and no booking fee

BYLINE: By James Howley

LENGTH: 208 words


Neil Diamond - the iconic American singer-songwriter who has sold over 125
million records worldwide - is coming to Manchester this July.

In our exclusive deal of the day courtesy of Amazon Local, don't miss out on
your chance to see the hugely successful entertainer perform live this summer.

In today's MEN exclusive, Amazon Local are offering tickets to watch the New
York-born performer at the discounted price of £125 with no booking fee.

The iconic singer, who will be performing on 15 different dates live in the UK,
will bring his worldwide tour to Manchester on July 9.

The 74-year-old, who has a plethora of timeless classics to his credit, will be
delighting the crowd with a wide range of hits including 'Sweet Caroline', 'I'm
a believer' and 'Girl, you'll be a woman soon', as well as a few surprises to
boot.

With a career spanning five decades, the singer enjoys an incredible amount of
popularity with music lovers of all ages.

As well as being a treat for yourself and a friend or loved one, making the most
of this fantastic deal would also provide the perfect gift for Mother's Day.

Don't miss out on your chance to see the legend perform and grab your discounted
tickets (with no booking fee) for Neil Diamond at Manchester Arena here.

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2015 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              November 2, 1985, Saturday, Late City Final Edition

YOUR MONEY;
#2d Mortgages: Yield vs. Risk

BYLINE: By Leonard Sloane

SECTION: Section 1; Page 36, Column 1; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 837 words


PETER CUGNO, who now owns two second mortgages, has been investing in them for
many years. His annual return in this little-known category is between 14
percent and 15 percent, substantially higher than most other possibilities
available these days to an individual.

Second mortgages are loans secured wholly or partly by a lien on real estate or
a deed of trust that is secondary to an earlier loan on the same property, known
as a first mortgage.

Mr. Cugno, a Covina, Calif., executive, knows, as all investors in this type of
financial product should, that the higher return carries with it higher risks.
''I'm aware of the risk-reward value of investing in junior liens,'' he said.
''Whenever high yields are offered, the risk is going to be high.''

Despite this caution, those interested in high-yield, high-risk investments
could discover that second mortgages - particularly the discounted second
mortgages widely sold today - are an attractive alternative. A discounted
mortgage is a loan that is purchased for less than its face value. Thus, if a
second mortgage for $20,000 is acquired for, say, $16,000, the actual yield to
the new investor would be much greater than the rate listed on the document.
Some of these current yields on owner-occupied, one- to four-family houses may
amount to 18 percent or more.

An investor might obtain a discounted second mortgage note through a reliable
mortgage broker or banker that specializes in such financings. Another
purchasing technique is dealing directly with a mortgage seller. Direct
purchasing, however, usually requires greater expertise, since it may involve
advertising in a local newspaper or searching public records for privately
placed mortgages.

Such sellers are likely to be people who disposed of their homes a few years ago
when interest rates were high and were forced to issue a second mortgage in
order to close the sale. In addition, sellers could be mortgagees with a need
for immediate cash or those who are leaving a particular region and do not want
to deal with borrowers from a long distance away.

Whichever route is taken, the chance of success with a discounted second
mortgage is certain to be improved by methodically investigating both the
property and the mortgage-holder.

''I would triple-check everything,'' said Kenneth T. Rosen, chairman of the
Center for Real Estate and Urban Economics of the University of California at
Berkeley. ''It's a risky field.''

For example, experts advise that the maximum loan-to-value ratio - the total of
the outstanding first and second mortgages compared with the present resale
value of the house - should be no more than 70 percent to 75 percent. Thus an
appraisal, even a drive-by appraisal, may be a worthwhile expense for the
potential investor.

The credit history of the homeowner is important as well. His or her repayment
record and overall indebtedness are significant considerations in determining
whether an investor ought to commit funds to a mortgage for a period normally
ranging between 5 and 10 years. The owner's equity in the home should also be
checked since the lower the financial stake, the higher the risk of foreclosure.

Among the other factors to evaluate are the amount of the first mortgage's
balance, real estate values in the area, the existence of a title insurance
policy and the possibility that the mortgagor may wish to repay early in
exchange for a lower interest rate. And the services of a lawyer experienced in
real estate matters is often useful at the settlement.

Then, too, there is little in the way of liquidity with second mortgages. If the
investor must sell, buyers may be few or nonexistent - and any sale could
involve a larger discount from face value than the investor received in the
first place.

Some companies, moreover, accumulate a pool of second mortgages and sell
participations to individual investors, just as the Federal National Mortgage
Association and the Government National Mortgage Association do for the
institutional market. By buying a participation in one of those pools, an
investor can get a more liquid and accessible security than a single mortgage.

It makes sense therefore to weigh the difficulties involved in buying all or
part of a second mortgage and to understand that the investor may some day be
called upon to assume the first mortgage in case the homeowner defaults. Another
possible danger: vindictive and costly vandalism by the family that loses its
home.

Nevertheless, the financial results could be quite favorable. In contrast to
other, more conservative, fixed-income investments - including bank certificates
of deposit or Treasury securities - these mortgages represent an opportunity to
earn a greater return on the money invested.

''I don't know where else you could go today and get a 14 to 15 percent yield,''
said John T. Hayt, president of the Old Stone Credit Corporation in
Jacksonville, Fla. ''And as repayments are made on your investment, the stronger
your position gets.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1985 The New York Times Company


                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 21, 2009 Tuesday

Point Mallard advertised sale on Internet only

BYLINE: Catherine Godbey, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 601 words


Apr. 21--In search of water and relaxation, Web surfers flooded the Point
Mallard Web site for $25 in savings. During the three-hour "pass attack" event,
the water park sold 1,931 discounted season passes, 81 more than 2008's one-hour
event.

But not everyone received news of the sale.

"I always buy my grandson one of the discounted season passes," said Bill Brown.
"I looked but never saw an advertisement."

When Brown contacted Point Mallard, officials informed him the "pass attack"
sale already had passed.

The discounted season pass sale occurred, but Point Mallard used only the
Internet to promote the three-hour event, said Julianne Lowman, marketing
director for Decatur Parks and Recreation.

E-mail alerts

Lowman said e-mails alerted residents to the discount, which reduced the price
of season passes from $75 to $50.

"I'm not on the Internet, and I'm not constantly checking it, so I guess if I
don't get on the Internet in those three hours, I'm not able to purchase the
discounted tickets," Brown said. "In this day and age, with the economy the way
it is, that just isn't right."

City Council President Greg Reeves and Lowman expressed regret some residents
were not aware of the sale. Reeves, council liaison to Parks and Recreation,
said that even if Point Mallard had promoted the sale through all available
media outlets, every resident would not receive the information.

Last year, Parks and Recreation advertised the event through the Internet,
newspapers, television and radio.

The economy, which Brown cited as the reason not to alter the advertising
techniques, actually resulted in the advertising change, Lowman said.

In February, the City Council approved its 2009 operating budget. The budget
reduced funding for Parks and Recreation by more than $850,000 compared to what
the department spent in 2008.

"These are tax dollars we're spending for the park," Lowman said. "People don't
understand that advertising for promotions and discounts cost money."

Using e-mail was the most cost-efficient option, she said. The department relied
on the e-mail recipients to spread the word about the discounted passes.

"We have to do the best we can for the community, but also for the park," Lowman
said. "And for the sake of the park we really have to cut back on the amount we
spend. One way to cut back is through advertising."

"Point Mallard, unlike a private business, has a duty to our community to be
good stewards of its fund," Reeves added. "Part of this process is determining
the target audience and how to get the most bang for the buck in advertising."

Internet's rise

The Internet is becoming a main outlet for information, Reeves said. During the
2008 "pass attack," Internet advertising generated more sales than all other
advertising combined, Lowman said.

The economy also motivated Parks and Recreation to evaluate ticket discounts.
Rather than offering half-price tickets during the pass attack, the park sold
tickets reduced by $25. Also, Point Mallard eliminated tickets discounted by
$10, which sold from March 1 to April 30 last year.

Lowman said other promotions may appear this season, but like the pass attack,
news of the promotions will spread through the Internet.

To see more of The Decatur Daily, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.decaturdaily.com Copyright (c) 2009, The Decatur Daily, Ala.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090421-DD-Point-Mallard-advertised-sale-on-Internet-only-0421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2009 The Decatur Daily


                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 26, 2016 Friday

DNR Youth Conservation Academy honors second graduating class; 27 Detroit youth
complete six-week natural resources curriculum

LENGTH: 715  words

DATELINE: New York



 Lansing:The Michigan Department of Natural Resources has issued the following
press release:



 The Michigan Department of Natural Resources Youth Conservation Academy
graduated its second class of students Tuesday, Aug. 16, at the DNR Outdoor
Adventure Center in downtown Detroit.





 The 27 Detroit youth who completed the academy's six-week program spent their
time learning about Michigan natural resources conservation, management and
leadership, hands-on outdoor recreational activities, and career opportunities
within the DNR.



 According to DNR Law Enforcement Division Chief Gary Hagler, who organized the
academy, these graduates - ages 15 to 19 - now have a better understanding of
many factors that go into responsible oversight and successful promotion of the
state's valuable natural and cultural assets, as well as a clearer path toward
pursuing careers in the natural resources industries.



 Conservation officer talking with students"This next generation will play a
vital role in conserving and managing Michigan's natural resources. That's why
we decided last year to create the DNR Youth Conservation Academy - to provide
better opportunities to include more young voices," said Hagler.



 "It's important for these young people to join the conversation now," Hagler
said. "It's our responsibility, as the state agency charged with overseeing
Michigan's woods, water and wildlife, to provide them with the information,
resources and support they'll need - mentors, training and action plans to
encourage their continued progress."



 In the final academy session, students were presented with graduation
certificates, fishing poles and stocked tackle boxes and fishing licenses.
Thanks to a number of generous sponsors, the DNR was able to create a rich
academy experience and offer take-home gifts for participants:



     The PATH Foundation provided a grant that paid for fishing licenses and
discounted fishing gear from Gander Mountain.

     Gander Mountain (Flint) provided discounted fishing supplies.

     Jay's Sporting Goods donated lure boxes and miscellaneous fishing supplies.


     Big Moe's Bait & Tackle discounted the cost of fishing poles.

     An anonymous donor paid for discounted fishing poles and reels through Big
Moe's Bait & Tackle.

     Liquid Assets Bottled Water donated water for the duration of the academy.



 During the course of the academy, held Tuesdays July 12 to Aug. 16 at the DNR
Outdoor Adventure Center and Belle Isle Park, students learned about natural
resources conservation and management. Many concepts were tailored to fisheries,
wildlife and natural resources management in the Detroit area, including the
Detroit River and nearby parks and facilities. In addition, Milliken State Park
and Harbor also offered nearby outdoor recreation experiences and learning
opportunities for academy students.



 Conservation officer helps student prepare to shootThroughout the academy,
students also learned about the many facets of the DNR and the natural resources
career opportunities available to them, including law enforcement, forestry,
marketing and outreach, minerals management, wildlife, fisheries, parks and
recreation, and historical resources.



 In addition to classroom instruction, the students engaged in many hands-on
recreation activities, including archery and other shooting sports, seining
(using netting to capture fish, which later were released alive), snowmobiling
using a simulator, starting a campfire during survival training, and much more.



 During session five Aug. 9, the students completed a Michigan hunter education
safety class, earning their Michigan hunter education safety certificates and,
with these certificates, the opportunity to hunt in Michigan.



 Academy students were selected from five Detroit-based Summer Youth Employment
Initiative groups, including The Youth Connection, Inc., Healthy Kidz, Inc., the
Detroit Zoological Society, Detroit Employment Solutions and Urban Neighborhood
Initiatives. Established mentors and supervisors from these groups supported the
youth and young adults throughout the academy. Future academies will solicit
participation through an application process.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 11, 2006 Saturday

Uninsured have more access to medicines

BYLINE: PAUL SWIDER

SECTION: LARGO TIMES; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 557 words


Help with prescription drugs is a little closer as a Texas company has added
representatives to the Tampa Bay market.

MedWise has helped patients for years but this summer recruited new people to
spread the service, said Dan Mondello, one representative who just started
working with the Garland, Texas, company. MedWise helps the uninsured navigate
the maze of requirements to receive free or discounted drugs from pharmaceutical
manufacturers.

"I heard story after story about how people are suffering," said Mondello, who
left a job helping the insured get pharmaceuticals because he saw greater need
in helping the uninsured.

Patient assistance programs have been around for years but have become a bit
more rare and complicated recently, according to the Area Agency on Aging.
Still, people can work directly with these programs and can receive prescription
medications for free.

MedWise simply makes it easier, Mondello said. The company takes a patient's
information and submits it to all applicable programs to receive free or
discounted drugs, he said.

MedWise interacts with physicians and then tracks the entire process to
guarantee that the patient receives what he should.

MedWise is a for-profit company, charging $15 per month per prescription.
Mondello said this still results in huge savings for most people, who typically
spend $700 to $1,200 a month on drugs. Some drugs are discounted, he said, but a
typical price is $20 for a three-month supply.

Other companies provide similar services, but so does the state through programs
like Sunshine for Seniors, said Sharon Ayers, director for planning and
evaluation with the Area Agency on Aging. The Florida Department of Elder
Affairs also provides connections to services and advice on how seniors can work
with such programs.

Mondello said MedWise is different because the service applies to more than just
seniors. Sunshine for Seniors is aimed at those 60 and older. The average
MedWise client is between 15 and 55, Mondello said.

"We're looking for the small-business owner or employee who has no benefits," he
said.

Mondello said he can work with seniors and help those in the "doughnut hole" of
no coverage under the Medicare prescription drug program.

MedWise has no offices in the Tampa Bay area and works on a national basis,
Mondello said. The Better Business Bureau in Dallas near its headquarters shows
that the company has a satisfactory rating there, meaning it has "properly
addressed matters referred by the bureau," according the BBB Web site.

The Pinellas County Department of Consumer Protection has no record of
complaints against MedWise, but investigator Victor Routenberg said it may be
too new for any difficulties to show up.

Mondello said he checked out the company himself before he joined. He said he
feels comfortable that the service is legitimate and is happy to be able to help
people who have few or no alternatives.

"These medications are often free," Mondello said. "You just have to be able to
figure out the paperwork."

Paul Swider can be reached at 892-2271 or pswider@sptimes.com or by
participating in itsyourtimes.com.

FAST FACTS

MedWise

medwisehealthcare inc.com

1-800-391-9370

Florida Department of Elder Affairs

elderaffairs.state.fl.us

1-800-963-5337

SHINE and Sunshine for Seniors

elderaffairs.state. fl.us/english/shine.html

Florida Rx Drug Price Finder

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday
                      East, South, West, Seminole Edition

Uninsured have more access to medicines

BYLINE: PAUL SWIDER

SECTION: NEIGHBORHOOD TIMES; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 557 words


Help with prescription drugs is a little closer as a Texas company has added
representatives to the Tampa Bay market.

MedWise has helped patients for years but this summer recruited new people to
spread the service, said Dan Mondello, one representative who just started
working with the Garland, Texas, company. MedWise helps the uninsured navigate
the maze of requirements to receive free or discounted drugs from pharmaceutical
manufacturers.

"I heard story after story about how people are suffering," said Mondello, who
left a job helping the insured get pharmaceuticals because he saw greater need
in helping the uninsured.

Patient assistance programs have been around for years but have become a bit
more rare and complicated recently, according to the Area Agency on Aging.
Still, people can work directly with these programs and can receive prescription
medications for free.

MedWise simply makes it easier, Mondello said. The company takes a patient's
information and submits it to all applicable programs to receive free or
discounted drugs, he said.

MedWise interacts with physicians and then tracks the entire process to
guarantee that the patient receives what he should.

MedWise is a for-profit company, charging $15 per month per prescription.
Mondello said this still results in huge savings for most people, who typically
spend $700 to $1,200 a month on drugs. Some drugs are discounted, he said, but a
typical price is $20 for a three-month supply.

Other companies provide similar services, but so does the state through programs
like Sunshine for Seniors, said Sharon Ayers, director for planning and
evaluation with the Area Agency on Aging. The Florida Department of Elder
Affairs also provides connections to services and advice on how seniors can work
with such programs.

Mondello said MedWise is different because the service applies to more than just
seniors. Sunshine for Seniors is aimed at those 60 and older. The average
MedWise client is between 15 and 55, Mondello said.

"We're looking for the small-business owner or employee who has no benefits," he
said.

Mondello said he can work with seniors and help those in the "doughnut hole" of
no coverage under the Medicare prescription drug program.

MedWise has no offices in the Tampa Bay area and works on a national basis,
Mondello said. The Better Business Bureau in Dallas near its headquarters shows
that the company has a satisfactory rating there, meaning it has "properly
addressed matters referred by the bureau," according the BBB Web site.

The Pinellas County Department of Consumer Protection has no record of
complaints against MedWise, but investigator Victor Routenberg said it may be
too new for any difficulties to show up.

Mondello said he checked out the company himself before he joined. He said he
feels comfortable that the service is legitimate and is happy to be able to help
people who have few or no alternatives.

"These medications are often free," Mondello said. "You just have to be able to
figure out the paperwork."

Paul Swider can be reached at 892-2271 or pswider@sptimes.com or by
participating in itsyourtimes.com.

FAST FACTS

MedWise

medwisehealthcare inc.com

1-800-391-9370

Florida Department of Elder Affairs

elderaffairs.state.fl.us

1-800-963-5337

SHINE and Sunshine for Seniors

elderaffairs.state. fl.us/english/shine.html

Florida Rx Drug Price Finder

LOAD-DATE: November 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 20, 2011 Sunday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

Membership: a gift they'll remember

BYLINE: BY ELIZABETH WEITZMAN

SECTION: YOUR NEW YORK; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 303 words


Movie tickets are a reliable gift, but they'll be forgotten soon after the
credits roll. A membership to one of the city's arthouses shows creativity,
supports a local institution and lasts through 2012. Which means your recipient
will get the benefits - and you'll get the credit - until this time next year.

(At which point, they may even repay so much thoughtfulness with a membership of
your own.)

All information is for individual adult memberships, at the lowest available
rate.

ANTHOLOGY FILM ARCHIVES

Best perks: Free tickets to the "Essential Cinema" repertory series, $3 discount
on other tickets, invites to members-only screenings.

Cost: $60

To order: anthologyfilmarchives.org

BAM CINEMA CLUB

Best perks: $5 off film tickets, annual members-only screening with filmmaker
Q&A, discounted rates at local restaurants, priority access to special events.

Cost: $70

To order: bam.org

FILM FORUM

Best perks: $5.50 off admission, discounted merchandise.

Cost: $75

To order: filmforum.com

THE FILM SOCIETY OF LINCOLN CENTER

Best perks: Discounted tickets to screenings at Walter Reade Theater and the
Elinor Bunin Munroe Film Center, four free tickets with complimentary
refreshments, subscription to Film Comment magazine.

Cost: $75

To order: filmlinc.com

IFC CENTER

Best perks: $5 off admission, free preview screenings, discounted merchandise,
no-fee online ticketing.

Cost: $75

To order: ifccenter.com

MAYSLES INSTITUTE

Best perks: Free admission to regular screenings of new and classic documentary
films, as well as discounted rates on group reservations.

Cost: $50

To order: mayslesinstitute.org

MUSEUM OF THE MOVING IMAGE

Best perks: Free admission to regular screenings, free admission to museum
galleries, discounted tickets to Cinema Village screenings, discounts at local
restaurants and businesses.

Cost: $75

To order: movingimage.us

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COVER STORY; LIST

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2011 Daily News, L.P.


                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday

Idaho: deadline to purchase controlled hunt tags; discounted second elk tags
also go on sale

LENGTH: 340  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The City of boise, Idaho has issued the following news release:



 Big game hunters who drew controlled hunt tags for deer, elk, pronghorn and
black bear have until midnight Mountain Daylight Time, August 1 to buy their
tags.





 Tags may be purchased at any Fish and Game office, any vendor or by telephone
at (800-554-8685), or online from the Fish and Game website.



 Any controlled hunt tags not purchased by the deadline, except unlimited tags,
will be forfeited and made available in a second drawing.  The application
period for the second drawing runs from August 5 - 15, with the drawing to be
held around August 20.



 This year, Fish and Game will not hold a separate first-come, first-served sale
on controlled hunt tags with an early August start date.  Any controlled hunt
tags left unclaimed with an early August start date will go through the second
application and draw process.  Some August controlled hunts will already be in
progress when the second drawing occurs, but there will be plenty of hunting
time available for most of those hunts.



 Discounted Second Elk Tags



 Also, starting August 1, unsold nonresident elk tags will be discounted to $299
(plus $1.75 vendor fee) when purchased as second tags through the month of
August.  Starting September 1, these nonresident elk tags will be available as
second tags at the regular price while supplies last.



 Second deer tags are also available beginning August 1 but will not be
discounted due to high demand.  The price for second deer tags is $300.00 (plus
$1.75 vendor fee) while supplies last.



 Second tags come from the nonresident quota (12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer
tags).  Starting in 2000, unsold nonresident tags have been made available to
residents and nonresidents as second tags (about 70 percent) are sold to
residents.



 If the nonresident quota sells out, second tags will no longer be available for
the 2016 big game season.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com  a

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Idaho: Deadline to purchase controlled hunt tags; discounted second elk tags
also go on sale

LENGTH: 324  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Big game hunters who drew controlled hunt tags for deer, elk, pronghorn and
black bear have until midnight Mountain Daylight Time, August 1 to buy their
tags.





 Tags may be purchased at any Fish and Game office, any vendor or by telephone
at (800-554-8685), or online from the Fish and Game website.



 Any controlled hunt tags not purchased by the deadline, except unlimited tags,
will be forfeited and made available in a second drawing.  The application
period for the second drawing runs from August 5 - 15, with the drawing to be
held around August 20.



 This year, Fish and Game will not hold a separate first-come, first-served sale
on controlled hunt tags with an early August start date.  Any controlled hunt
tags left unclaimed with an early August start date will go through the second
application and draw process.  Some August controlled hunts will already be in
progress when the second drawing occurs, but there will be plenty of hunting
time available for most of those hunts.



 Discounted Second Elk Tags



 Also, starting August 1, unsold nonresident elk tags will be discounted to $299
(plus $1.75 vendor fee) when purchased as second tags through the month of
August.  Starting September 1, these nonresident elk tags will be available as
second tags at the regular price while supplies last.



 Second deer tags are also available beginning August 1 but will not be
discounted due to high demand.  The price for second deer tags is $300.00 (plus
$1.75 vendor fee) while supplies last.



 Second tags come from the nonresident quota (12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer
tags).  Starting in 2000, unsold nonresident tags have been made available to
residents and nonresidents as second tags (about 70 percent) are sold to
residents.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com  a

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

Idaho: deadline to purchase controlled hunt tags; discounted second elk tags
also go on sale

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Big game hunters who drew controlled hunt tags for deer, elk, pronghorn and
black bear have until midnight Mountain Daylight Time, August 1 to buy their
tags.





 Tags may be purchased at any Fish and Game office, any vendor or by telephone
at (800-554-8685), or online from the Fish and Game website.



 Any controlled hunt tags not purchased by the deadline, except unlimited tags,
will be forfeited and made available in a second drawing.  The application
period for the second drawing runs from August 5 - 15, with the drawing to be
held around August 20.



 This year, Fish and Game will not hold a separate first-come, first-served sale
on controlled hunt tags with an early August start date.  Any controlled hunt
tags left unclaimed with an early August start date will go through the second
application and draw process.  Some August controlled hunts will already be in
progress when the second drawing occurs, but there will be plenty of hunting
time available for most of those hunts.



 Discounted Second Elk Tags



 Also, starting August 1, unsold nonresident elk tags will be discounted to $299
(plus $1.75 vendor fee) when purchased as second tags through the month of
August.  Starting September 1, these nonresident elk tags will be available as
second tags at the regular price while supplies last.



 Second deer tags are also available beginning August 1 but will not be
discounted due to high demand.  The price for second deer tags is $300.00 (plus
$1.75 vendor fee) while supplies last.



 Second tags come from the nonresident quota (12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer
tags).  Starting in 2000, unsold nonresident tags have been made available to
residents and nonresidents as second tags (about 70 percent) are sold to
residents.



 If the nonresident quota sells out, second tags will no longer be available for
the 2016 big game season.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com  a

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 3, 2012 Tuesday

4th of July adoption drive: Humane Society gives Independence Day discount

BYLINE: Hayley Kappes, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 291 words


July 03--The Humane Society of El Paso will offer discounted dog and cat
adoptions in honor of Independence Day.

For cats and dogs 4 months and older, the adoption fee will be $60, which
includes age-appropriate shots, a rabies vaccination and certificate, a
microchip with local and national registration, and spay or neuter surgery.

Normally, the adoption package costs $100, plus a $10 licensing fee for pets
older than 4 months, said Betty Hoover, executive director of the Humane Society
of El Paso, which closes its doors only three days out of the year.

Wednesday's discounted fee is "quite a good deal" for the services it includes
compared to what private veterinarians charge, Hoover said.

At private animal clinics, microchipping a pet costs about $25, and vaccinations
can run between $50 to $130, depending on the clinic, Hoover said.

The Humane Society is packed with about 50 cats and kittens and more than 130
dogs available for adoption.

For holiday events, pet adoptions double to between 15 and 18 from the average
daily number, Hoover said.

Wednesday's event will feature free hot dogs and soda.

"I believe having discounted adoption rates on occasion helps draw people in,"
Hoover said. "On holidays, people are looking for things to do. It might be a
good time to let one of these pets into your life."

Hayley Kappes may be reached at hkappes@elpasotimes.com; 546-6168. Follow her on
Twitter @hayleykappes.

Make plans

-- What: Humane Society of El Paso July 4 discounted pet adoption.

-- When: 11 a.m. to 5 p.m. Wednesday.

-- Where: 4991 Fred Wilson.

-- Information: 532-6971, hselpaso.org

___ (c)2012 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120703-EY-4th-of-July-adoption-drive-Humane-Society-gives-Independence-Day-dis
count-0703-20120703

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2012 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            August 13, 2009 Thursday

On Stage

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Stage

LENGTH: 1154 words


OPENING

· AUG. 13-SEPT. 26

"Sam Burguesa and The Pixie Chicks" returns to El Teatro Campesino. Opens at 8
p.m. Thursday, Aug. 13, at El Teatro Campesino Playhouse, 705 Fourth St., San
Juan Bautista. Continues at 8 p.m. Thursdays through Saturday through Sept 26.
The hilarious, provocative and original new musical cabaret is back on the
stage. Sam Burguesa is played by Anahuac Valdez. For tickets, special discounts
and more information call 623-2444 or go online at www.elteatrocampesino.com .

·AUG. 13-SEPT. 27

Pacific Repertory Theatre presents "Oliver!" Previews at 7:30 p.m. on Thursday,
Aug. 13 and Friday, Aug. 14; opens at 7:30 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 15, with a 2 p.m.
matinee on Sunday, Aug 16; continuing at 7:30 p.m. Fridays and Saturdays and 2
p.m. Sundays through Sept. 27; also at 7:30 p.m. Thursday, Aug. 20, Sunday,
Sept. 6, and Thursday, Sept. 24, at the outdoor Forest Theater, Mountain View
and Santa Rita, Carmel. Discounted previews, discounted shows with FlexPass,
children's tickets (under 12) discounted to $7, general admission $28-$35, with
discounts for seniors over 65 ($22-$28) as well as teachers/military/students 12
and over ($12-$15); available at The Golden Bough Box Office, Monte Verde
between Eighth and Ninth avenues in Carmel (open Tuesday through Saturday, 11
a.m.-4 p.m.). Also at 622-0100 or online at www.pacrep.org .

·AUG. 15-SEPT. 5

The Western Stage presents "Bye Bye Birdie." Opens at 8 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 15,
and continues at 8 p.m. on Fridays and Saturdays with 2 p.m. Sunday matinees
through Sept. 5 at The Main Stage at Hartnell College campus, 411 Central Ave.,
Salinas. $30/$20 (seniors, military, children), half-price for groups of 10 or
more, at 375-2111 or online at www.westernstage.com .

CONTINUING

· THROUGH AUG. 23

Monterey Peninsula College Theatre Company presents the Central Coast premiere
of Mel Brooks' "The Producers." Continues at 7p.m. Thursdays, 8 p.m. Fridays and
Saturdays and 2 p.m. Sundays through Aug. 23 at the Morgan Stock Stage at
Monterey Peninsula College, 980 Fremont St., Monterey. The 12-time Tony Award
winner is directed by Michael Kirkland and features 32 local actors. Based on
the hit 1968 Mel Brooks film of the same name. Tickets $10-$25, with young adult
(16-25) and group discounts available online at at  www.mpctheatre.com ., at the
MPC Box Office at 646-4213, or in person 3-7 p.m. Wednesday through Friday. The
final performance on Sunday, Aug. 23, is a benefit for the Theatre Arts
Scholarship Fund, and all seats are $25. Recommended for theatergoers 16 years
and over. www.mpctheatre.com .

· THROUGH AUG. 30

The Bruce Ariss Wharf Theatre's production of the musical "Broadway." 8:30p.m.
Thursday, Friday and Saturday, with 3:30p.m. matinees on Sundays, through Aug.
30, at the Bruce Ariss Theater, Fisherman's Wharf, Monterey. Tickets: $25
adults, $10 children (12 and younger) at 649-2332 or 372-1373.

COMING UP

· AUG. 21-NOV. 22

The Western Stage 2009 Season. Mainstage musicals: "The Baker's Wife" Sept.
25-Oct. 11, "Mame" Nov. 6-22. Studio dramas: "Anna in the Tropics" Aug. 21-Sept.
13 and "The Heart's Desire" Oct. 9-Nov. 1 at The Western Stage in residence at
Hartnell College, 156 Homestead Ave., Salinas. Tickets and information at
375-2111, www.westernstage.com .

· AUG. 24

The Western Stage Young Company at Hartnell College presents the 2009 Young
Company Intern Showcase. At 7:30 p.m. Monday, Aug. 24, in the Hartnell College
Performing Arts Facility Studio Theater, (PAF 116), 156 Homestead Ave., Salinas.
This year's interns were asked to prepare two scenes and a full song under the
tutelage of Susanne Burns, Donna Federico and Robin McKee-Williams. Donations
collected at the door will support the Young Company programs. Contact Susanne
Burns, Young Company and outreach coordinator at sburns@hartnell.edu or
755-6929.

· SEPT. 4-OCT. 18

Pacific Repertory Theatre 2009 Season. Upcoming productions include "Hamlet,"
Sept. 4-Oct. 18 at the Circle Theatre; and "As You Like It", Oct. 2-18 at the
Outdoor Forest Theater. Tickets are available at 622-0100 or online at
www.pacrep.org .

· AUG. 21-22, 27-28

ARIEL Theatrical Inc. presents Rodgers & Hammerstein's "Cinderella." Opens at
7p.m. Friday, Aug. 21, continues at 7 p.m. Saturday, Aug. 22, Thursday, Aug. 27,
and Friday, Aug. 28, and Saturdays at 2 and 7 p.m. at The Wilson Children's
Theatre, 320 Main St., Salinas. The timeless enchantment of a magical fairytale
is reborn with the Rodgers & Hammerstein hallmarks of originality, charm and
elegance. Tickets are $10, available at 775-0976 or online at
www.ticketguys.com.www.arieltheatrical.org .

AUDITIONS,

CLASSES

&WORKSHOPS

·AUG. 15

Paper Wing Theatre's free improv class. Local teacher, writer and theater maven
Koly McBride will hold a free improv class and workshop at 11 a.m. Saturday,
Aug. 15, at Paper Wing Theatre, 320 Hoffman Ave., Monterey. McBride will teach
basic rules of successful improv, games and the comedy of conflict. Those
attending the class will receive an opportunity to audition for a new improv
group, set to perform monthly for audiences at The Paper Wing Theatre Company.
No previous experience required. 905-5684.

· AUG. 24

Pacific Repertory Theatre announces auditions for "The 25th Annual Putnam County
Spelling Bee." From 5-8 p.m. Monday, Aug. 24, at the Golden Bough Theatre, Monte
Verde Street between Eighth and Ninth, Carmel. Characters sought include:
Realtor Rona Lisa Peretti; Vice Principal Douglas Panch; Comfort Counselor Mitch
Mahoney; students Olive Ostrovsky, William Barfée, Logainne
Schwartzandgrubenierre, Marcy Park, Leaf Coneybear and Chip Tolentino. Have two
modern contrasting monologues and one song (can be from the show), 5 minutes
total. Rehearsal begins Oct 26. Performance runs Nov. 25 through Dec. 20. Call
Cindy for an appointment at 622-0100.GO!

·ONGOING

Paper Wing Theatre looking for actors interested in auditioning. The Paper Wing
Theatre Company, located at 320 Hoffman Ave. at Lighthouse in New Monterey, is
currently looking for actors interested in auditioning, with no experience
necessary. Specifically, the company is looking for two males ages 18-30, one
male any age and one female age 18-30. Actors will be asked to read cold from a
script. Call 521-4512 to make an appointment (leave a message if there is no
answer). PaperWingTheatreCo.com .

·ONGOING

Pacific Repertory's SoDA (School of Dramatic Arts) musical theater classes.
Classes for babies, tots, children, teens and adults with showcases. All classes
at Seccombe Hall, All Saints Church, Lincoln and Ninth, Carmel. Details:
656-9730, www.pacrep.org/soda .

· ONGOING

Hartnell College Theatre Arts Department is accepting students for its series of
workshops and classes. Whether you're new to theater or a seasoned performer,
there are opportunities to develop your skills under the guidance of a team of
professional actors and directors. For ages 9-13. 755-6987, 755-6988,
www.westernstage.org . GO!

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sarah Andrews, who plays Ulla, is flanked by Mike Baker, left, and Gary
Bolen, in MPC Theatre Co.Õs production of Mel BrooksÕ ÒThe Producers,Ó
continuing through Aug. 23 at MPC.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 2, 2016 Tuesday

Idaho: August 1 is the deadline to purchase controlled hunt tags; discounted
second elk tags also go on sale

LENGTH: 342  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Big game hunters who drew controlled hunt tags for deer, elk, pronghorn and
black bear have until midnight Mountain Daylight Time, August 1 to buy their
tags.





 Tags may be purchased at any Fish and Game office, any vendor or by telephone
at (800-554-8685), or online from the Fish and Game website.



 Any controlled hunt tags not purchased by the deadline, except unlimited tags,
will be forfeited and made available in a second drawing.  The application
period for the second drawing runs from August 5 - 15, with the drawing to be
held around August 20.



 This year, Fish and Game will not hold a separate first-come, first-served sale
on controlled hunt tags with an early August start date.  Any controlled hunt
tags left unclaimed with an early August start date will go through the second
application and draw process.  Some August controlled hunts will already be in
progress when the second drawing occurs, but there will be plenty of hunting
time available for most of those hunts.



 Discounted Second Elk Tags



 Also, starting August 1, unsold nonresident elk tags will be discounted to $299
(plus $1.75 vendor fee) when purchased as second tags through the month of
August.  Starting September 1, these nonresident elk tags will be available as
second tags at the regular price while supplies last.



 Second deer tags are also available beginning August 1 but will not be
discounted due to high demand.  The price for second deer tags is $300.00 (plus
$1.75 vendor fee) while supplies last.



 Second tags come from the nonresident quota (12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer
tags).  Starting in 2000, unsold nonresident tags have been made available to
residents and nonresidents as second tags (about 70 percent) are sold to
residents.



 If the nonresident quota sells out, second tags will no longer be available for
the 2016 big game season.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com  a

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                                August 10, 2015

Midseason trade winds blow away value of player jerseys

BYLINE: Bill Shea; bshea@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 4 Vol. 31

LENGTH: 1055  words


David Price is pitching in Toronto. Yoenis Céspedes is batting in Queens.

Their jerseys remain on sale in Detroit.

Trades are an exciting part of baseball season, but they also represent a unique
midseason business aspect of professional sports that immediately affects
merchandise sales - either prompting a rush to get new apparel on the shelves or
to quietly exile the merchandise of departed players to the bargain rack.

When the Detroit Tigers dealt Price to the Toronto Blue Jays and Céspedes to the
New York Mets last month, the Comerica Park concessionaire, Buffalo-based
Sportservice, pulled their jerseys from the ballpark's retail store shelves and
reduced the prices.

Their jerseys, manufactured by official Major League Baseball uniform provider
Majestic Athletic of Easton, Pa., originally retailed for $148 at the stadium,
and they were marked down to $74.99 last week.

They were carted from Comerica Park's primary retail store, the sprawling D
Shop, to a Level 300 retail location. If they don't eventually sell at
discounted prices, they'll be destroyed, said Robert Thormeier, general manager
for Sportservice at Comerica Park.

"Everyone keeps some sort of reserve on their balance sheets for traded
players," he said. "We mark (the jersey) down and try to get our cost out of
it."

It's a decision between the local unit management and the home office on when
and how to destroy unsold inventory, he said.

Baseball itself does the same: MLB's official online retail site had Price's
authentic "Cool Base" home jersey discounted to $168.97 from the original
$225.99.

Authentic jerseys are the same as what players wear on the field but are costly,
so teams generally carry just a handful in their brick-and-mortar shops. Replica
jerseys, which account for most jersey sales, are not as elaborate and
considerably less expensive. Price's replica online is down to $74.97 from the
original $99.99.

Authentic jerseys for popular ex-Tigers Max Scherzer and Torii Hunter, who
departed Detroit via free agency before the season, remain on the site at
$152.97, discounted from $214.99.

Specific jersey sales numbers aren't disclosed by the teams or MLB, but Tigers
slugger Miguel Cabrera annually is among the top sellers across all of baseball,
the league and players union has said.

Majestic has said it moves about 1 million jerseys a year to teams, stores and
directly to consumers.

When to buy

On the flip side, the team and concessionaire have to determine when fan
interest in a new or young player is sufficient to justify wholesale purchase of
jerseys or other merchandise from MLB-licensed manufacturers.

For example, the Tigers and Sportservice are discussing apparel sales for new
pitcher Daniel Norris, a 22-year-old lefty who came to Detroit from Toronto as
part of the July 30 trade for Price.

Norris won his first start for the Tigers, and a media narrative about his
offbeat spring training lifestyle of living frugally in an old VW van, surfing
and reading Beat Generation novels, has further sparked fan interest.

But with the season winding down, Norris will get just a few more starts to
justify the expense of selling his T-shirts or jerseys at the ballpark. The risk
is that he flames out on the mound and fans lose interest in buying his No. 44
T-shirt or jersey.

Still, Norris has the Tigers and Sportservice thinking hard.

"Sometimes you just take a chance," Thormeier said.

Jerseys are ordered in minimum batches of 72 or 144 per order, he said, and each
batch can have up to 12 of each standard size.

Other sellers

It's not just the concessionaire and teams opting to order new player jerseys.
The major retail chains and online providers, such as Dick's Sporting Goods and
Fanatics Inc. (which operates the e-commerce sites for all four U.S. major
sports leagues), will place orders with manufacturers.

Majestic Athletic and other companies pay hefty fees to license the MLB and team
logos for commercial and retail sale, and they sell the merchandise to the
concessionaires and stores. They also sell directly to the public online.

The licensing deals are done through Major League Baseball Properties Inc., and
the 30 clubs split the national revenue from such contracts - which accounts for
a sizable portion of MLB's $9 billion in annual revenue.

The net sales revenue from jerseys at the team's brick-and-mortar retail
concessions outlets is subject to baseball's revenue share formula, which
distributes 34 percent of each club's local revenue among the teams.

The Tigers and Sportservice also split sales revenue at an undisclosed ratio.
Industry sources say the concessionaire typically keeps about 60 percent of the
sales.

Revenue is shared from online sales of MLB jerseys and other apparel and
merchandise through the team sites and the league's centralized e-commerce site.

The real trade winners

On the manufacturing end, player trades mean additional revenue for Majestic.

"The truth of the matter is that we love trades because, for us, it's mainly
upside," said Michael Johnson, vice president of strategy and business
development for Greensboro, N.C.-based apparel giant VF Corp.'s VF Licensed
Sports Group, parent of Majestic Athletic.

Trades are a routine factor for jersey makers, so it doesn't hurt the bottom
line. Majestic has the business procedures in place to quickly manufacture new
jerseys midseason and isn't left with stacks of old ones.

"Due to our U.S.-based manufacturing, we keep very little inventory on hand,"
Johnson said.

Majestic makes jerseys in bulk when it or its clients anticipate demand, such as
when a major player such as Price is dealt to a new team.

"We were able to turn Blue Jays Price jerseys into the marketplace within a day
of his trade," Johnson said.

Individual retail orders are fulfilled on demand.

Majestic also has a "Player Trade Protection Promotion" for consumer buyers.

Here's how it works: If you buy an authentic player jersey via Majestic
Athletic.com between July 1 and Aug. 31, and that player is traded in that time,
you can get a coupon for a 50 percent discount on the purchase of a new
authentic jersey. The coupon, an online code, is redeemable between Sept. 4 and
Nov. 30.

Teams, concessionaires and stores don't get that protection.

"If a retailer has a lot of product on hand, that is generally their
responsibility," Johnson said.

Twitter: @Bill_Shea19

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2015 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Automotive News

                                  July 2, 2012

Groupon deal attracts new customers

BYLINE: Ryan Beene; rbeene@crain.com

SECTION: Pg. 15 Vol. 86

LENGTH: 239  words


To bring new customers to his dealership's service drive, Service Director Micah
Neely turned to Groupon, the online marketing service that uses coupons. Profits
from the experiment, though, are a work in progress.

Last month Neely offered coupons for discounted vehicle maintenance using
Groupon at the store where he works, South Oak Dodge-Chrysler-Jeep-Ram in
Matteson, Ill., a suburb south of Chicago.

Of the 11 customers who had redeemed the coupon by June 26, nine were new to the
dealership and eight drove a non-Chrysler vehicle, Neely said.

"I wanted to bring in fresh blood - this is definitely not a gross opportunity,"
he said.

Here's how the deal worked: Groupon offered coupons for discounted service at
South Oak in an e-mail sent to its members in metropolitan Chicago.

Members could select from one of four offers for services discounted up to about
60 percent. The offers ranged from $15 for a regular oil change to $45 for a
synthetic oil change, tire rotation and brake inspection.

The service fees were charged to users' credit or debit cards, with Groupon and
the dealership splitting the revenue roughly 50-50.

For example, that means the dealership will collect about $7 in revenue for an
oil change service for which it normally charges $34.95.

Neely said the upside of bringing new, Web-savvy customers to the dealership
could be worth the cost.

"If these people become repeat customers," he said, "I'll do it again."

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AN


                      Copyright 2012 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 25, 2009 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

DRUG-COST DILEMMA

BYLINE: IVAN PENN

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; THE CONSUMER'S EDGE; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 462 words



HIGHLIGHT: Several groups offer free or discounted prescriptions. But some
offers are scams.


Can't afford your prescription drugs?

Well, among the many services our troubled economy is producing are offers for
discounted or free prescription drugs.

There are legitimate programs. But don't believe every solicitation.

"Some of them are scams. Some of them are legitimate for-profit organizations,"
said Ken Johnson, senior vice president of Pharmaceutical Research and
Manufacturers of America.

PhRMA runs one of the most notable prescription drug-assistance programs in the
country for low-income people. Known as the Partnership for Prescription
Assistance, the program has as its national spokesman former TV talk show host
Montel Williams.

Those looking for help with prescription drugs or seeking assistance looking for
clinics, doctors and hospitals that provide free or discounted medical services
can find help through PhRMA for free. To qualify, your household income
typically cannot exceed 200 percent of the federal poverty guideline, though
some programs are more flexible. (For a couple, twice the poverty level would be
$29,140. The income for a family of four couldn't exceed $44,100.)

Also, the nonprofit American Kidney Fund helps with dialysis treatments for
kidney patients. The fund helps only needy patients who apply through their
dialysis centers. But those who qualify - recipients of Medicare Part D - can
get up to $2,000 in assistance, said Tamara Ruggiero, spokeswoman for the fund.

With these kinds of programs, you won't have to put up money or credit card
information, as you might for some questionable assistance programs.

So beware.

Scam artists are keenly aware that the number of consumers seeking medical
benefits often increases with the unemployment rate.

PhRMA has seen an uptick of as much as 10 percent nationwide in the number of
people seeking assistance during the first three months of 2009, compared with
the first quarter of 2008. In Florida, the increase has been about 7 percent.

"As the economy continues to struggle, more and more people are finding
themselves in the same boat," Johnson said.

PhRMA's bright orange buses have traveled to all 50 states, including seven
visits to Florida. Some 425,000 people in 60 cities across the state have been
helped through the Partnership for Prescription Assistance.

So here's the Edge:

-Start with established organizations. Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers
of America provides its services for free at www.pparx.org, or call toll-free
1-888-477-2669. Ask your dialysis center about assistance through the American
Kidney Fund.

-Don't give out personal financial information. If someone asks you for a credit
card number or a checking account number to access an assistance program, look
elsewhere.

Ivan Penn can be reached at ipenn@sptimes.com or (727) 892-2332.

LOAD-DATE: April 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, photos.com: Those seeking help should check with established
organizations, such as PhRMA.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2016 Monday

Idaho: Today, August 1 is the deadline to purchase controlled hunt tags;
discounted second elk tags also go on sale

LENGTH: 345  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Big game hunters who drew controlled hunt tags for deer, elk, pronghorn and
black bear have until midnight Mountain Daylight Time, tonight, August 1 to buy
their tags.





 Tags may be purchased at any Fish and Game office, any vendor or by telephone
at (800-554-8685), or online from the Fish and Game website.



 Any controlled hunt tags not purchased by the deadline, except unlimited tags,
will be forfeited and made available in a second drawing.  The application
period for the second drawing runs from August 5 - 15, with the drawing to be
held around August 20.



 This year, Fish and Game will not hold a separate first-come, first-served sale
on controlled hunt tags with an early August start date.  Any controlled hunt
tags left unclaimed with an early August start date will go through the second
application and draw process.  Some August controlled hunts will already be in
progress when the second drawing occurs, but there will be plenty of hunting
time available for most of those hunts.



 Discounted Second Elk Tags



 Also, starting today, August 1, unsold nonresident elk tags will be discounted
to $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee) when purchased as second tags through the month
of August.  Starting September 1, these nonresident elk tags will be available
as second tags at the regular price while supplies last.



 Second deer tags are also available beginning August 1 but will not be
discounted due to high demand.  The price for second deer tags is $300.00 (plus
$1.75 vendor fee) while supplies last.



 Second tags come from the nonresident quota (12,815 elk tags and 15,500 deer
tags).  Starting in 2000, unsold nonresident tags have been made available to
residents and nonresidents as second tags (about 70 percent) are sold to
residents.



 If the nonresident quota sells out, second tags will no longer be available for
the 2016 big game season.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com  a

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           December 3, 2011 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Hotel deals near and far

BYLINE: Postmedia News

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. I8

LENGTH: 187  words

DATELINE: NORTH AMERICA


Sofitel Hotels are having a three-night chocolate lovers' package at properties
in Montreal, Washington, Chicago, Los Angeles and New York City for stays now
through Jan. 16. Discounted rates range from $140 to $250 per room, per night
with a two-night minimum, but the third night is complimentary. The package
includes a culinary experience. Details at sofitelilovechocolate. com.

BARBADOS . Two hotels in Barbados - Sunswept Beach Hotel and Island Inn Hotel -
are having a "last-minute getaway" sale.

Discounted rates start at $80 US per room, per night based on double occupancy
at the Sunswept and $280 US per room, per night (double occupancy) at the Island
Inn for travel now through Dec. 18.

The Sunswept, located near Holetown beach on the island's west coast, has rooms
with kitchenettes, and the hotel has a pool. Details at sunswept beach.com

At the Island Inn, a few kilometres from Bridgetown, breakfasts, lunches,
dinners, afternoon teas and all beverages are included in the price of the room.
Children ages 12 and younger stay and eat free with two paying adults.

For more details, go to islandinnbarbados.com.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                      August 24, 2004 Tuesday CITY EDITION

U STUDENTS TO GET DISCOUNTED STREAMING MUSIC
REALNETWORKS DEAL DOESN'T ALLOW FOR CHEAPER SONG DOWNLOADS THOUGH

BYLINE: JULIO OJEDA-ZAPATA, Pioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 391 words


University of Minnesota students will get sharply discounted access to
Internet-based music in an agreement with RealNetworks, a top online-music
vendor and one of several vying for such campus deals in recent months.

The University of California, Berkeley, also has signed up with RealNetworks,
according to an announcement due today. This gives the Silicon Valley, Calif.,
firm nearly 100,000 potential student users at the two schools.

The deal gives U students low-cost access to RealNetworks' Rhapsody
music-streaming service, which involves using PCs as Internet radios that play
tunes fed continually over online connections.

The students will pay between $2 and $3 a month, depending on the length of
their commitment, compared with about $10 a month for regular users. This gives
the students unlimited access to about 725,000 songs.

They won't get discounted access to song downloads.

While Rhapsody lets users burn songs to blank CDs, the students must pay the
same 79-cent-per-song fee as others. And the deal isn't related to RealNetworks'
RealPlayer Music Store, which allows users to download individual tracks and
load them on digital-music players such as Apple Computer's iPod.

Still, the new service fills a student need, said Shih-Pau Yen, of the school's
office of information technology.

"In the 21st century, students listen to music through their computers, through
the Internet," he said. "It's part of their lives in dorms. We have to provide
something for their habit."

The university said it will test Rhapsody for a year while inviting other
digital-music firms to bid for student business.

Universities have become a potentially lucrative market for digital-music
companies.

Napster, a RealNetworks rival, debuted a discounted streaming service at Penn
State University in January and claims to have signed up about 75 percent of
eligible students.

Napster has since made deals with eight other U.S. schools. MusicNet, another
direct RealNetworks competitor, works with a firm called Cdigix to offer music
downloads at U.S. colleges and universities. Duke University this year is giving
1,650 freshman new iPods to be used for file storage as well as entertainment.

Julio Ojeda-Zapata writes about personal technology. Reach him at
jojeda@pioneerpress.com or 651-228-5467.

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             April 18, 2011 Monday

Upstart Community Bancorp makes Superior acquisition

BYLINE: by Michael Rudnick

LENGTH: 785 words


Fledgling Houston-based bank holding company Community Bancorp LLChas executed
its second bank deal in less than a year with its purchase April 15 of failed
Birmingham, Ala.-based Superior Bancorp's $3 billion in assets and $2.7 billion
in deposits from the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp.  Community is estimated to
be paying roughly $195 million for Superior, based on the difference between the
discounted assets and deposits. The FDIC discounted the acquired assets by $105
million, said an FDIC spokesman.  The deal will enable Community Bancorp to
build on its November acquisition of Starkville, Miss.-based Cadence Financial
Corp.

for $30 million.Superior is the "perfect complement to the Cadence branch
network," Community CEO Paul Murphy said, adding that Cadence is "strong in
Mississippi and Tennessee," while Superior has a solid presence in neighboring
areas of Alabama and Florida.   A bank holding company created to buy troubled
banks, Community was formed in late 2010 with a $1 billion capital raise from
unnamed pension funds, foundations and endowments and Palo Alto, Calif., private
equity firm Sageview Capital LP. Murphy would not disclose specifics about
Sageview's investment. Murphy helped launch Community after resigning in
December 2009 as CEO of Houston's Amegy Bank NA, which he co-founded.
Superior, which represents the largest FDIC bank seizure in nearly a year, has
73 branches largely concentrated in Alabama's Huntsville and Birmingham areas
and Florida's Tampa and Sarasota areas. Cadence has 40 branches primarily in
Mississippi and Tennessee as well as a handful of branches in Birmingham and
Tuscaloosa, Ala., the Sarasota, Fla., area and northern Georgia.  In addition to
being in close proximity to existing Cadence locations, "a lot of [Superior's]
markets have a nice growth outlook and good potential," Murphy said, citing
Huntsville for its "strong government base," and Birmingham and Tampa for their
sheer size. He added that Superior is generally in "larger, more sophisticated
markets than Cadence," though Cadence does have a presence in some larger
metropolitan areas such as Memphis.  Community Bancorp was also drawn to
Superior due to its significant proportion of core deposits, Murphy said. Core
deposits are generally viewed as stable sources of funding and tend to include
savings and money market accounts.   Other buyers also recognized Superior's
value as the FDIC auction attracted four bidders that lobbed 11 different
offers, said the FDIC spokesman.  However, Superior is not without its problems.
The bank was battered by soured commercial real estate, construction, land and
residential real estate loans. The Daily Deal in an April 13 report highlighted
Superior as one of the larger banks poised for potential collapse due to its
significant amount of nonperforming loans and dangerously low capital levels. Up
until this acquisition, Superior had a Texas ratio of 358%. The Texas ratio is a
measure of a bank's credit situation, calculated by dividing nonperforming
assets by the sum of its tangible common equity capital and loan loss reserves.
A ratio above 200% is considered a red flag for distress.  Murphy said Community
is "proactively working down" Superior's troubled loans and "positioning them
for liquidation."   The FDIC loss-sharing agreement, which covers about 80% of
Superior's potential loan losses, should protect Community against most of the
risk associated with these distressed loans. The FDIC estimated that the
Superior sale will cost its Deposit Insurance Fund about $259.6 million due to
the loss-sharing agreement.   As part of the Superior transaction, Murphy has
been appointed chairman of the renamed Superior Bank NA, and Doug Hutt, former
regional president of BBVA Compass' Texas region, has been appointed Superior's
president and CEO.   With the addition of Superior, Community has so far
acquired about $4.5 billion in assets and has room to take on another $4 billion
while remaining well capitalized, Murphy said.   Community is on the hunt for
other FDIC-assisted deals due to their "attractive valuation" and the
loss-sharing agreements, but would also consider unassisted acquisitions, Murphy
said. The bank is looking to acquire institutions with between $500 million and
$3 billion in assets, he said.  "We want to see every deal in the Southeast," he
added.   The Cadence deal was unassisted. Community acquired Cadence's $1.8
billion in assets and 40 branches for $30 million.   Bank of America Merrill
Lynch's Abbott Cooper advised Community on the Superior acquisition, and
Wachtell, Lipton, Rosen & Katz's David Shapiro provided the bank with legal
counsel.

DEAL SIZE

$ 50-250 Million

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2011 The Deal, L.L.C.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 26, 2010 Thursday
                                 NVoice Edition

IN BRIEF;

BYLINE: From local reports<P>

SECTION: N; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 546 words


<b>MINNEHAHA NEIGHBORHOOD PLANS CELEBRATION FRIDAY</b>

<b>MINNEHAHA</b> - The Minnehaha Neighborhood Council will hold its second
annual Minnehaha Neighborhood Park Celebration on Saturday at Minnehaha Park,
Frederick Avenue on Euclid Road.

From 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., attendees can enjoy live music, featuring Sammy Eubanks,
a car show and face painting. The celebration also will include food and booths
from areanonprofit organizations.

For more information, call (509) 487-1490.

<b>DAYLONG YOUTH EVENT AT RIVERFRONT PARK</b>

<b>RIVERSIDE</b> - Spokane's Youth 'N Action will hostYouth Day on Friday at
Riverfront Park in the Gondola Meadows, from noon to 6 p.m.

The event will include a variety of activities, programs and youth programs
available to local kids. The featured "Where's Baldo?" scavenger hunt will begin
at 4 p.m. Participants can search the park for clues, compete in a variety of
unique competitions, and the winning individuals and teams will receive over
$5,000 in prizes.

Youth Day is open and free to all areakids.

For more information, call Ryan Oelrich,Youth 'N Action director at (509)
499-0536 or visit www.YouthNAction.org.

<b>DISCOUNTED TICKETS FOR THE COUNTY FAIR NOW AVAILABLE</b>

<b>SPOKANE VALLEY</b> - Discounted preseason tickets for the 2010 Spokane County
Interstate Fair areon sale and will be available at the discounted price through
Sept. 9. The fair will be Sept. 10 through Sept. 19.

Ticket prices: adult, $7 preseason/$10 at the gate; senior tickets (65 and
over), $5 preseason/$7 at the gate; juniors (7 to 13), $5 preseason/ $7 at the
gate; children 6 and under are free.

Group tickets are available at the discounted price of $5 each through Friday.
Groups of 20 or more are required to receive the group ticket price.

Family packs are available for $39. Packs are available at local Safeway stores.

Tickets are on sale at the Spokane County Interstate Fair office, 404 N. Havana
St. The office is open Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. through 4:30 p.m.
Tickets are also available online at TicketsWest at www.ticketswest.com and at
TicketsWest outlets.

<b>INDIAN ENCAMPMENT, POWWOW AT PARK</b>

<b>DOWNTOWN SPOKANE</b> - The 21st annual Spokane Falls Northwest Indian
Encampment and Pow Wow will be held at Riverfront ParkFriday and Saturday.

The event will feature arts, crafts, and food. Grand entry for the dance
competitions and drum contests will be at 7 p.m. on Friday and Saturday at 1 and
7 p.m. The celebration will also include a "Run for Health" Fun Run on Saturday.
Registration is at 8 a.m. and the runbegins at 9 a.m.

Admission is free for spectators.

For more information, call (509) 535-0886.

<b>DONATE AT INBC, GET FREE ICE CREAM</b>

<b>RIVERSIDE/COEUR D'ALENE</b> - The Inland Northwest Blood Center will have its
"Pint for a Pint Blood Drive" next Thursday and Sept. 3, at INBC's Spokane
Center, 210 W. Cataldo Ave., and INBC's Coeur d'Alene Center, 1341 Northwood
Center Court.

When participants donate one pint of blood, the amount given in a regular blood
donation, they will get a coupon for a free pint of ice cream. The ice cream can
be picked up at Brain Freeze Creamery and Baskin Robbins locations.

For more information call (509) 624-0151 in Spokane or (208) 667-5461 in Coeur
d'Alene.

<b>TYPE:</b> Briefs

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             India Investment News

                        July 28, 2013 Sunday 6:30 AM EST

accesso: AAA - The Auto Club Group Taps Accesso for Member Ticketing Portal

LENGTH: 402  words


New Delhi, July 28 -- accesso, a wholly-owned subsidiary of Lo-Q plc.(AIM:LOQ),
has been named the exclusive ticketing solutions provider for AAA - The Auto
Club Group (ACG), the second largest AAA club in North America, providing travel
services to approximately 8.8 million members across 11 states and two U.S.
territories.



AAA recently launched a brand new online attractions ticketing portal for their
members that provides print-at-home delivery options to the Club's largest
Florida attractions partners - Walt Disney World Resort, Universal Orlando
Resort, SeaWorld Orlando, Busch Gardens Tampa and LEGOLAND Florida. Powered by
the accesso Passport eCommerce ticketing solution, this single online storefront
will allow AAA members to purchase and print discounted tickets to any of the
theme parks without having to visit a AAA branch location.

"Providing discounted attraction tickets is one of the greatest value
propositions we offer to our AAA members. accesso's solution will allow us to
deliver print-at-home tickets to our members' homes 24 hours a day, seven days a
week," Jennifer Butler, AAA Managing Director, Business Development, The Auto
Club Group. "The new solution epitomizes AAA's commitment to provide valuable
member savings in the most convenient manner possible."

"We are very excited about the opportunity to work with the most trusted brand
in travel," said Steve Brown, accesso Chief Operating Officer. "Our online tool
will seamlessly step AAA members through the wide range of ticket options and
special offers from some of the largest attractions in Central Florida while
enhancing the club's ability to sell and market attraction tickets to its
members."

Butler added that accesso's ticketing platform will also drive efficiencies at
the Club's branch locations.

"A number of our members still prefer to visit our branches for travel planning
assistance, and by incorporating this platform into our branches, our travel
counselors will be able to offer enhanced service to our members when they visit
us in-person as well," said Butler.

The new online attractions ticketing portal for members is currently available
for ACG members in Florida, Georgia, Middle and West Tennessee, Puerto Rico, and
the U.S. Virgin Islands, and then in 2014 roll out to the club's North Region:
Iowa, Michigan, Nebraska, North Dakota, Wisconsin; most of Illinois, Minnesota;
and a portion of Indiana.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2013 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 6, 2008 Sunday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Every Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. P03

LENGTH: 721 words

LAND

Â· Bolongo Bay Beach Resort in St. Thomas, U.S. Virgin Islands, is offering
special rates during Carnival today through April 26. Daily room rates are
discounted by 20 percent, now starting at $240 (plus 15 percent tax and service
charges, and $5 per-day energy surcharge). All-inclusive stays are discounted by
10 percent. Info: 800-524-4746, http://www.bolongobay.com.

Â· A Family Spring Fling package at Marina Inn at Grande Dunes in Myrtle Beach,
S.C., is available through April 30. For $697, including $99 taxes, a family of
four receives a two-bedroom suite for two nights, breakfast, four tickets to
Brookgreen Gardens and four tickets to a choice of attractions, including NASCAR
SpeedPark. Priced separately, the deal would cost about $870. Two-night minimum
required. Info: 877-913-1333, http://www.marinainnatgrandedunes.com.

Â· Five Apple Core hotels in Manhattan are offering a Circle the Big Apple
package through April 30. Deal for two starts at $228 per night (plus about $34
taxes) and includes accommodations, breakfast and two-hour Circle Line cruise.
Priced separately, room alone (before taxes) starts at $225 to $295 per night,
depending on property, and cruise is about $27 each. Info: 800-567-7720,
http://www.applecorehotels.com/promos/circle.

SEA

Â· Celebrity Cruises is offering shipboard credits of $200 per cabin on all
European cruise tours in 2008, and $300 per cabin on seven South America and 12
Australia/New Zealand cruise tours in 2008 and 2009. Prices vary by itinerary.
For example, a 14-night Mediterranean tour, which includes three nights' hotel
in Rome and Florence and an 11-night cruise round trip from Rome departing Nov.
21, starts at $6,134 per couple, including taxes and fuel surcharges. Book by
April 30. Info: 800-647-2251, http://www.celebritycruises.com.

Â· Rent a 59-foot deluxe houseboat (sleeps 10) for five days from Forever
Resorts at a discounted rate of $1,195 (plus 7.75 percent sales tax and $500
refundable security deposit), a savings of $1,600 to $2,000. Deal is good
through Dec. 31 at lake destinations in Arizona, Nevada, California and
Missouri. Book by April 30. Info: 800-255-5561,
http://www.foreverhouseboats.com.

Â· Cruise Holidays of Alexandria is offering $300 per-person discounts, plus
$300 per-cabin shipboard credits, on the Jan. 7 Oceania Cruises' Nautica voyage
from Sydney to Auckland, New Zealand.  After discount, the 15-night cruise
starts at $4,299 per person double (plus $390 port charges and ship fuel
surcharge, and $425 air taxes and air fuel surcharge) and includes round-trip
airfare from Washington Dulles. Info: 866-368-7327,
http://www.yourcruisesource.com.

AIR

Â· Virgin America is offering introductory fares on its new service to Seattle.
Round-trip fare from Washington Dulles (connecting in Los Angeles) is $320,
including $42 taxes, for travel through June 11. A 21-day advance purchase is
required; purchase by April 8. Fare on other airlines starts at about $350.
Info: 877-359-8474, http://www.virginamerica.com.

PACKAGES

Â· Expedia is holding a Tax Rebate Incentive sale, offering $200 savings on
spring trips to U.S. cities and hotel discounts of up to 30 percent. For
example, a week-long package to Las Vegas in mid-May, with nonstop flights from
BWI and accommodations at the Hotel at Mandalay Bay, is $1,016 per person double
after discounts. Priced separately, the package would cost $1,318. Book by April
21, and travel by May 31. Log in at http://www.expedia.com and request code
TAX200 to receive the discount; trip must cost at least $1,800 per booking, with
a five-night minimum stay. Info: 800-551-2534.

Â· Azores Express has discount packages to the Azores, a group of islands about
1,000 miles off the coast of Portugal. A six-night trip with round-trip nonstop
airfare from Boston and accommodations at the Hotel do Colegio on the island of
Sao Miguel costs $1,259 per person, including taxes. Priced separately, package
would cost about $1,413. Deal is good through June. Info: 800-762-9995,
http://www.azores-express.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

CORRECTION-DATE: April 15, 2008



CORRECTION: Â· The What's the Deal? column in the April 6 Travel section
incorrectly gave a $1,195 base rate for a five-day rental of a 59-foot deluxe
houseboat from Forever Resorts. The rate is $1,995, plus 7.75 percent sales tax.


GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   September 22, 2000, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Nine ways to help you save money

BYLINE: Jayne Clark

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 5D

LENGTH: 327 words


Savvy travelers swear by various tactics for getting the lowest
hotel rate, but we like Charlotte, N.C., resident Michael Pylypiw's
no-nonsense, yet thorough, strategy:

* First, check the hotel Web site.

* Next, check two other hotel discount sites on the Web.

* Call the toll-free hotel number and ask for corporate,
AAA, AARP and any other discounted rates.


* Finally, call the hotel directly and ask for the discounts
again.

Some other tips to consider:

* If you've asked for a specific discounted rate, don't
assume it's the cheapest. In our rate test, an AARP rate at a
Los Angeles Marriott was $ 170 -- $ 51 more than the hotel's weekend
rate and $ 71 higher than the AAA rate. At a Holiday Inn in Houston,
membership in the chain's frequent-stay program reduced the rate
by 23%, but a AAA card lowered it 31%.

* Most travel agencies can get discounted rates at certain
hotels. Generally, discounts are only 10% to 15%, but they can
reach as high as 40%. So when using agents, ask where their best
deals are, rather than requesting a particular hotel.

* At many hotels, the term "corporate rate" is available
to just about anyone, so don't be shy about asking for one. If
the hotel's corporate rate applies only to employees of companies
that have negotiated special rates, the hotel will let you know.

* Membership in some hotel loyalty programs brings discounted
rates. Priority Club (the frequent-stay program for Holiday Inns
and Inter-Continental hotels) gets you the corporate rate, for
example. But even if membership doesn't lower rates, it can mean
upgrades and other perks. Membership is usually free.

* Hotel discounters broker deals with hotels and can, but
don't always, offer lower rates. Some of the major players: Hotel
Reservations Network (800-715-7666; www.hoteldiscount.com); Travelscape
(888-335-0101; www.travelscape.com); and Quikbook (800-789-9887;
www .quikbook.com).

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                            June 10, 2009 Wednesday

Bahrain's InvestCorp buys $170.9 million in US real-estate loans

BYLINE: Regional Press Network (RPN)

LENGTH: 387 words


Bahrain-based alternative manager, InvestCorp said Tuesday it has acquired
US-mortgage loans worth $170.9 million at a discounted rate to take advantage of
favorable property prices in the US. Investcorp said it has acquired a senior
mortgage loan, a B-Note for a senior mortgage, and two mezzanine loans.

Natalia Nasser

Regional Press Network

BEIRUT: Bahrain-based alternative manager, InvestCorp said Tuesday it has
acquired US-mortgage loans worth $170.9 million at a discounted rate to take
advantage of favorable property prices in the US. Investcorp said it has
acquired a senior mortgage loan, a B-Note for a senior mortgage, and two
mezzanine loans. "All loans are secured by commercial property assets and are
performing well," the bank said in a statement.

James Tanner, head of Investcorp's placement team told the press that the loans
were purchased for 75-80 cents on the dollar, adding that "This is very much the
premium end of debt."

According to the statement, the senior mortgage loan is secured by an office
headquarters building in Washington, DC, while the rest are secured by office
buildings in New York and Los Angeles and self-storage facilities in New York.

Investcorp, which is cross listed on both the London and the Bahrain Stock
Exchanges, said it has completed the transactions through its Investcorp Real
Estate Credit Fund L.P. and its $108 million Mezzanine Fund I that was
established in 2006 and is now fully deployed. It has recently launched its
third debt-oriented real-estate fund, the Real Estate Mezzanine Fund II, and is
expecting to deploy its capital in the current environment.

The office market in New York and Los Angeles has seen a slight pick up in the
last few months, with private investors lining up to take advantage of the need
for commercial banks to divest assets and raise capital. However, with continued
deleveraging, it is unclear whether the office market has hit bottom yet.

Investcorp's Managing Director Mazin al-Khatib said the investment comes at a
time the opportunity to invest in US-commercial real estate assets can be done
at low prices. "The difficult economic environment is forcing sales.
Overleveraged buyers are being forced to recapitalize, and lenders, who need to
liquidate to address balance sheet issues, are being forced to sell outright,"
he said.

LOAD-DATE: June 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2009 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           January 30, 2014 Thursday

Minnesota Timberwolves: Improvement brings another season-ticket price increase

BYLINE: By Andy Greder agreder@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Breaking; Timberwolves; News

LENGTH: 425 words


After drastically discounting season-ticket prices four years ago, the
Timberwolves will raise prices again in 2014-15, the second straight increase
for the team that hasn't made the NBA playoffs since 2004.

The cost of premium seats will go up only a few dollars, but the price of Target
Center's lowest-priced seating will rise about 40 percent.

"It's important to us that we maintain the value, but at the same time we need
to continue to build back our business," said Ryan Tanke, senior vice president
of sales and service.

The Wolves won 15 games in 2009-10, and the franchise reacted by cutting prices
by an average of about 40 percent. They carried those discounted prices forward
after a 17-win campaign in 2010-11 and after the lockout- shortened season in
2011-12.

But with improved play this season -- the team went above .500 with a victory
over New Orleans on Wednesday night -- the Timberwolves' average season-ticket
prices next season will return to near the pre-discounted rates.

The increase will be about 3 percent for a premium seat near the court, from an
average of $213 to $219. The increase for seats near the concourses will go up
about 17 percent, from an average of $29 to $35 and $20 to $24 for the two
groups.

Season tickets will cost from about $300 to more than $9,000.

"There were some (season-ticket holders) that had the same price for three
years, and it was deeply, deeply discounted," said Ted Johnson, senior vice
president of marketing and communications. "And then (they) caught up to what
looked and felt like a large increase, but they had maintained three years of
continuity."

The biggest price hike will be for the team's cheapest seats in the corners and
ends of the second deck, about 40 percent.. But Tanke pointed out those seats
now cost an average of $4 to $7 and will rise to from $7 and $11.

"If you were to take the other 29 teams in the NBA and add those 29 teams all
together, we have more seats priced at $11 or under than all other teams
combined," Tanke said. "It's a pretty big statement for us."

The Wolves have worked to build back the number of season-ticket holders after
it hit a high of nearly 10,000 for the 2003-04 campaign that ended in the
Western Conference finals.

In 2009-10, there were about 4,000 season-ticket holders, and with deep
discounts the team said it was able to retain about 80 percent. The
season-ticket base rose to 5,500 in 2010-11, to 7,500 in '11-12 and to 9,000
last season. With the increases in rates last season, the number of
season-ticket holders fell to about 7,500.

LOAD-DATE: January 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Minnesota's Kevin Love, left, is fouled by Chicago's D.J. Augustin
during the Wolves' 95-86 win over the Bulls at the United Center in Chicago on
Monday, January 27, 2014. (Photo by Jonathan Daniel/Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 10, 2014 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

This week's best travel deals

BYLINE: Carol Sottili;Andrea Sachs

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F02

LENGTH: 689 words

What's the Deal?

This week's best travel bargains around the globe.

Land

l  Kingsmill Resort, a four-diamond property in Williamsburg , is offering the
Ultimate Family Fun Package ,  with  savings of more than $400 . A family of
four pays $1,297 (plus about 12 percent tax) and receives three nights' lodging
with daily breakfast; Busch Gardens Williamsburg/Water Country USA  flex-ticket
valid for seven consecutive days; one-day tickets to Colonial Williamsburg;
discounted Plantation Course  golf  ($30 per person after 2 p.m.); free court
time at the Tennis Club after 11 a.m.; shuttle service to/from the theme parks
and Colonial Williamsburg; and use of the non-motorized water sports equipment,
including paddle boards, sea bikes, kayaks and fishing poles. Stay through Sept.
1; three-night minimum required. The package typically costs $1,807. Info:
800-832-5665, www.kingsmill.com.

l Save 25 percent  on an outdoorsy package at Auberge Residences at Pronghorn,
in  Bend, Ore . The two-night deal starts at $934 for a family of four and
includes accommodations in a one-bedroom unit with a den ($598 value);
transportation and guided  starlight canoe tour , including a naturalist guide,
gear, dessert and hot cocoa ($300); and a s'mores bar setup ($36). Add 12
percent tax. Book by Aug. 31 and stay through Sept. 30. Info: 866-320-5024,
pronghorn.aubergeresorts.com/special-offers.

l  Renaissance Orlando  at SeaWorld is offering discounted rates through Sept.
13. The Book It While It's Hot promo  starts at $99  per night, plus $34 taxes
and a $20 resort fee; the usual rate starts at $179, plus $45 taxes and a resort
fee. The rate includes entrance to the resort's water park, WiFi, transportation
to Disney World and Universal Studios, and breakfast for children age 12 and
younger (two children per paying adult). Based on availability. Request booking
code F9L. Info: 407-351-5555, www.renaissanceseaworldorlando.com.

Sea

l  CroisiEurope is offering discounted fares  on two departures - Sept. 23 and
Oct. 9 - of its  Mekong River  itinerary in Vietnam. The eight-night cruise
aboard the 24-cabin RV Indochine now starts at $2,646 per person double,
including taxes - a savings of $560. The cruise, which sails from Ho Chi Minh
City to Siem Reap, Cambodia, includes shore excursions and tips. Book at least
five days before departure. Info: 800-768-7232,
www.croisieuroperivercruises.com.

l  With Azamara Club Cruises, save 50 percent  on a  companion fare  on nearly
100 cruises in 2015 and 2016. The deal applies to sailings in  South America,
the Mediterranean, Northern and Western Europe, Asia and Australia . For
example, on the 15-night Discovering Vietnam and Thailand cruise, which departs
Hong Kong on Jan. 5, two passengers pay $7,121 for a Club Oceanview stateroom,
including taxes and fees; the regular price is $9,371. The rate includes
beverages (spirits, beers, wine, soda, etc.), evening events and gratuities.
Book by Sept. 30. Info: 877-999-9553, www.azamaraclubcruises.com.

Air

l  South African Airways has sale fares  from Washington  Dulles to Johannesburg
for travel Nov. 1-30. The round-trip fare  starts at $899 , including taxes;
fare typically starts at about $1,150. Book by Aug. 17 at www.flysaa.com.

Package

l  China Spree is offering the Tale of China's Two Great Cities tour from $1,099
per person double. The seven-night trip includes round-trip nonstop air from New
York to Beijing; round-trip flight between  Beijing and Shanghai ; three nights
at Traders Hotel Beijing by Shangri-La; four nights at Shanghai Crowne Plaza; 10
meals; tours; land transportation; and taxes. The lowest price applies to the
Jan. 9 and Jan. 16 departures and includes a $200 discount for payment by cash
or check. Priced separately, flights alone cost about $1,800. You must pay in
full by Aug. 31. Info: 866-652-5656, www.chinaspree.com.

Carol Sottili, Andrea Sachs

Submit travel deals to whatsthedeal@washpost.com Prices were verified Thursday
afternoon when the Travel section went to press, but deals sell out and
availability is not guaranteed. Restrictions such as blackout dates and advance
purchase may apply.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             August 5, 2013 Monday

Health briefs for 8/6/13

LENGTH: 605 words


Maine Track medical school welcomes class of 2017


PORTLAND, Maine -- Thirty-nine students, including 21 from Maine, were inducted
into the Maine Track program of the Tufts University School of Medicine at a
ceremony on Aug. 1 in Portland.


The Maine Track program, a partnership between Maine Medical Center and Tufts,
was established to address the shortage of physicians in Maine and provide an
affordable in-state medical education. Twenty Maine students from each class
receive a half-scholarship.


The four-year program includes training in Boston and in Maine.


The first Maine Track class graduated in May. Those students began residencies
at hospitals in Maine and across the nation.Amtrak Downeaster offers discounted
fares to vets seeking care in Boston


PORTLAND, Maine -- The Amtrak Downeaster will offer discounted fares to Iraq and
Afghanistan veterans and families traveling to Boston for medical treatment at
Massachusetts General Hospital's Home Base Program, the Northern New England
Passenger Rail Authority has announced.


The rail authority has partnered with the Home Base Program, the Red Sox
Foundation, and the Wounded Heroes Program of Maine to provide the discount.


In 2009, Massachusetts General Hospital and the Red Sox charitable foundation
partnered to launch the Home Base Program, which provides clinical care for Iraq
and Afghanistan veterans and families experiencing post-traumatic stress,
deployment stress, and traumatic brain injury. Home Base also provides clinical
education and is engaged in research to improve treatment for these "invisible
wounds of war" that affect one-in-three returning veterans.


The Downeaster's "Home Base Discount" enables the Wounded Heroes Program of
Maine to pay for one veteran and one companion to travel between any two
Downeaster stations for $10 one-way or $20 round-trip per person Monday-Friday.
Reservations must be made three days in advance of travel.


For information, visit homebaseprogram.org.Seaport Family Practice of Belfast
joins PCHC


BELFAST, Maine -- Seaport Family Practice in Belfast joined Penobscot Community
Health Care in Bangor on July 15 to become Seaport Community Health Center.


Seaport Family Practice has been serving Waldo County for almost 30 years.


SCHC has six physicians, a physician assistant, a pediatric nurse practitioner,
and two licensed clinical social workers. In all, about 22 employees care for
roughly 7,000 patients.


The practice provides primary medical care, integrated behavioral health and
addiction services, integrative medicine, prenatal care and deliveries. It also
provides expanded weekend and evening hours, and group visits.


Seaport and PCHC have been working closely together for more than three years to
plan this development.


PCHC and SCHC leaders are focused on development of a new facility for Seaport's
providers and staff and expanding critically needed services for the people of
Waldo County. SVH offers health care provider basic life support training


PITTSFIELD, Maine -- Sebasticook Valley Health will offer Health Care Provider
Basic Life Support training, 8:30 a.m.-3 p.m. Friday, Aug. 23, at its conference
room at 130 Leighton St. The class is for health-care professionals who are
required to have a Healthcare Provider Certification.


CPR skills for adults, infants and children, use of an AED, rescue from choking,
and use of bag-mask devices are included. This is not a renewal course; it is
designed for new certification.


Pre-registration is required. The cost is $60 and includes the textbook.


For information and to register, call the SVH Community Health and Education
department at 487-3890, ext. 2731.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Bangor Daily News


                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Eagle (Bryan, Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 9, 2010 Saturday

BRIEF: Lyle Lovett tickets discounted for Ags

BYLINE: The Eagle, Bryan, Texas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 150 words


Oct. 09--Tickets for Lyle Lovett's benefit concert in Rudder Auditorium on Nov.
11 can be purchased at a $5 discount by Texas A&M students, faculty and staff.

An article on Page A1 of Friday's Eagle incorrectly stated that the discounted
tickets would cost $5. Non-discounted tickets range from $20 to $100.

Proceeds from the concert will go to the Association of Former Students and
enhancement of the Clayton W. Williams Jr. Alumni Center. He graduated from A&M
in 1979.

To see more of The Eagle or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.theeagle.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Eagle, Bryan, Texas
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail services@mctinfoservices.com, or
call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States, call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20101009-EG-BRF-Lyle-Lovett-tickets-discounted-for-Ags-1009-20101009

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EG


                            Copyright 2010 The Eagle


                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 22, 2016 Thursday

Washington: Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces $30 Million Settlement With Total
Call Mobile For Defrauding Government Program Offering Discounted Mobile Phone
Services To Low-Income Consumers

LENGTH: 1550  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: US Department of Justice has issued the following news release:





    Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and Travis LeBlanc, Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") Enforcement
Bureau Chief, announced today a $30 million settlement of a civil fraud lawsuit
against TOTAL CALL MOBILE, LLC ("TOTAL CALL"), for defrauding the Lifeline
Program, a federal government subsidy program that offers discounted mobile
phone services to eligible low-income consumers.  TOTAL CALL, based in Gardena,
California, has enrolled Lifeline subscribers in 19 states and territories.  The
United States' Complaint alleges that Total Call, with the knowledge and
involvement of its affiliate, co-defendant LOCUS TELECOMMUNICATIONS, LLC, and
their shared corporate parent, co-defendant KDDI AMERICA, INC., knowingly
submitted false claims for federal payments by seeking reimbursement for
consumers who did not meet Lifeline eligibility requirements.  As part of the
settlement, TOTAL CALL admitted and accepted responsibility for conduct alleged
in the Complaint, including seeking reimbursement for tens of thousands of
ineligible consumers, and agreed to no longer participate in the Lifeline
Program.  The payment also resolves an administrative investigation conducted by
the FCC, and the FCC has entered into a separate administrative agreement with
TOTAL CALL as part of this global settlement.



    Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "By routinely looking the other
way while its sales agents repeatedly engaged in obvious fraud, Total Call
Mobile undermined the goals and depleted the resources of a federal subsidy
program designed to provide discounted phone services to low-income individuals.
While it certified its compliance with FCC rules, Total Call enrolled and
claimed federal payments for tens of thousands of consumers who did not qualify
for the program."

    FCC Enforcement Bureau Chief Travis LeBlanc said:  "We have no toleration
for fraud.  This unprecedented $30 million settlement along with a permanent ban
from the Lifeline Program affirms our commitment to pursue the strongest
sanctions for those who defraud or abuse the Universal Service program.  We
thank our partners at the Department of Justice for working with us to make sure
that companies that commit fraud are held accountable to the fullest extent of
the law."

    To be eligible for the Lifeline Program, a consumer must have income that is
at or below 135% of the Federal Poverty Guidelines or participate in one of a
number of specified federal, state, or Tribal assistance programs.  Eligible
Telecommunications Carriers ("ETCs"), such as TOTAL CALL, receive monthly
federal payments for providing discounted phone services to qualified consumers.
As a condition of receiving these payments, an ETC must comply with regulations
established by the FCC, which, among other things, require the implementation of
policies and procedures for ensuring that enrolled subscribers are eligible for
the program and that households do not receive more than one Lifeline phone.
ETCs must certify their compliance with Lifeline rules as part of an annual
reporting requirement and with each monthly request for payment.

    As alleged in the Complaint filed in Manhattan federal court:

    TOTAL CALL relied primarily on in-person sales events to enroll consumers in
the Lifeline Program.  The company contracted with "master agents," who in turn
hired "field agents" to engage in face-to-face marketing at public events and
spaces.  These field agents were expected to enter electronically a consumer's
demographic information and capture images of the consumer's proof of
identification and proof of eligibility for the Lifeline Program (e.g., Medicaid
card, food stamp card).  TOTAL CALL had access to the information entered by the
field agents.

    TOTAL CALL, with the knowledge and involvement of the other defendants,
engaged in a widespread practice of seeking federal reimbursement for consumers
who did not meet Lifeline's eligibility requirements.  TOTAL CALL field agents
employed a range of fraudulent enrollment practices, including repeatedly using
the same eligibility proof to enroll multiple consumers, tampering with
identification or eligibility proof documentation, intentionally altering the
way consumer information was input so as to avoid the detection of duplicate
subscriber enrollments, and submitting false consumer addresses and social
security numbers.  Although TOTAL CALL's managers were notified that high volume
field agents were engaging in blatantly fraudulent enrollment practices, TOTAL
CALL continued to approve and seek federal reimbursement for consumers enrolled
by these agents.

    In addition, defendants failed to implement effective procedures and systems
for preventing the enrollment of duplicate or otherwise ineligible Lifeline
subscribers.  In many instances, even a cursory review of the submitted
information and documentation or a straightforward search of the existing
customer database would have shown that an application was faulty and should be
denied.  However, to maximize enrollments and meet its aggressive sales targets,
TOTAL CALL approved applications with little or no scrutiny, and then submitted
grossly inflated reimbursement requests with false certifications of compliance
with Lifeline rules.

    Today, U.S. District Court Judge Jed S. Rakoff approved a settlement
stipulation to resolve the Government's claims against the defendants.  Under
the settlement, defendants are required to pay approximately $22.54 million to
the United States, and to forego payment of approximately $7.46 million in
Lifeline reimbursements claimed by TOTAL CALL but held by the Government
pursuant to a prior FCC Order.  Further, TOTAL CALL has agreed to cease
providing Lifeline services by December 31, 2016, and not to participate in the
Lifeline Program in the future.

    As part of the settlement, TOTAL CALL admits, acknowledges, and accepts
responsibility for the following conduct:


     TOTAL CALL failed to implement effective policies and procedures to ensure
the eligibility of the subscribers for whom TOTAL CALL requested reimbursement
for Lifeline discounts, as required by Lifeline rules.<br style="box-sizing:
border-box;" />




     For much of the period from September 2012 to May 2016, defendants
allocated insufficient staff and resources to verifying the eligibility of
Lifeline subscribers, and failed to adequately screen and train the field
agents.




      Hundreds of TOTAL CALL field agents engaged in fraudulent practices to
enroll consumers who were duplicate subscribers or who were otherwise not
eligible for the Lifeline Program.  TOTAL CALL failed to put in place effective
mechanisms to oversee the conduct of field agents and detect and prevent field
agent abuses.


       Certain field agents repeatedly used the same benefit program eligibility
proof to enroll multiple consumers.  Agents frequently enrolled several
different individuals by submitting an image of the same improperly obtained
program eligibility card or, in some instances, a fake program eligibility card.


       Certain field agents slightly altered the way in which a subscriber's
demographic information was input to avoid having TOTAL CALL identify the
application as a duplicate.

       Certain field agents tampered with identification or program eligibility
cards, and intentionally transmitted blurry or partial images of the
documentation, to try to conceal the fact that the information on the
documentation did not match the subscriber's actual name or the other
information on the Lifeline application.

       Certain field agents provided their own signature, printed their own
name, or wrote a straight or curvy line where the prospective subscriber's
signature was supposed to appear on Lifeline applications.

       Certain field agents submitted false consumer addresses and social
security numbers to enroll duplicate or otherwise ineligible subscribers.








     At the time that TOTAL CALL submitted many of its monthly remittance
requests, TOTAL CALL knew that its policies and procedures for reviewing
Lifeline applications, verifying consumer eligibility, conducting duplicate
checks, and detecting duplicate subscribers were deficient.




     TOTAL CALL sought and received reimbursement for tens of thousands of
consumers who did not meet the Lifeline eligibility requirements.




    In connection with the filing of the lawsuit and settlement, the Government
joined a private whistleblower lawsuit that had previously been filed under seal
pursuant to the False Claims Act.

    Mr. Bharara thanks the FCC's Office of Inspector General and the FCC's
Enforcement Bureau for their investigative efforts and assistance with the case.


    The case is being handled by the Office's Civil Frauds Unit.  Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Jeffrey K. Powell and Jessica Jean Hu are in charge of the case.








 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              April 8, 2007 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. P03

LENGTH: 991 words

LAND

?  Devil's Thumb Ranch, a 5,000-acre resort about 65 miles west of Denver in
Tabernash, Colo., is offering spring savings. Through April 24, a one-bedroom
loft cabin starts at $150 a night, including continental breakfast. From May
1-26, rates start at $200 a night, and the ranch is offering $5 to $25 discounts
on massages, facials, fly-fishing lessons and trail rides. Taxes are an extra
6.7 percent. Rooms typically start at $285. Info: 800-933-4339,
http://www.devilsthumbranch.com.

Stay at any of three hotels at Universal Orlando for four, five or six nights
and receive free theme park tickets. Deal is good at the Hard Rock Hotel,
Portofino Bay Hotel and Royal Pacific Resort. The four-night package entitles
guests to two Universal Orlando tickets, valid for up to seven days of unlimited
admission at Universal Studios, Islands of Adventure and Universal CityWalk ($86
per person value); and Universal Express access, which lets visitors skip the
regular lines at most attractions. Deal is good through Dec. 26. The five-night
deal additionally gives guests two one-day tickets to Wet n' Wild Orlando ($37
per person value). Stay for six nights and receive two seven-day Orlando Flex
Tickets, which include admission to Universal Studios, Islands of Adventure, Wet
n' Wild and SeaWorld Orlando (value of $196 per person). The five- and six-night
packages are good through June 6. Hotel starting rates range from $209 to $299 a
night, plus 13.5 percent tax. Info: 888-273-1311,
http://www.universalorlando.com.

The new Ka'ana Boutique Resort & Spa in Belize's Maya Mountains has introductory
rates starting at $157 nightly, including 9 percent taxes and 10 percent resort
fee -- a savings of about $43. King villas are discounted by $60 per night, with
rates starting at $214 per night, including taxes and fees. Discounted rates
apply to travel through Dec. 19 but must be booked by May 1.  Book by calling
011-501-824-3350. Resort info: http://www.kaanabelize.com.

SEA

?  Value World Tours has discounted river cruises in Russia and Ukraine. The
Aug. 8 departure of the 10-night Russian Waterways cruise, which sails between
Moscow and St. Petersburg, has been reduced by $500 per person; price for a
Category B outside cabin is now $1,598 per person double (plus $145 for port
charges and fuel surcharges). Three 11-night cruises between Kiev and Odessa on
Ukraine's Dnieper River, which normally start at $1,599 per person double, also
have been discounted. Prices for the Sept. 5-16 sailing now start at $1,299, the
Sept. 26-Oct. 7 cruise starts at $1,199 and the Aug. 3-14 sailing is $1,099
(port charges and fuel surcharge are $155 more). Info: 800-795-1633,
http://www.valuecruises.net.

Expedition Trips is offering 10 percent discounts on Cruise West's Wilderness
Inside Passage cruise round trip from Juneau, Alaska. The eight-night package,
which includes one hotel night in Juneau, now starts at $3,862 per person
double, including $380 taxes and port charges. Depart in May or September for
cheapest rates. Book by April 14 and receive an additional $200 per-person
discount; sail by June 15 and get a $50 per-cabin shipboard credit. Info:
877-412-8527, http://www.expeditiontrips.com.

Book a cruise from Portugal to Spain on the Douro River with Uniworld Grand
River Cruises and receive $300 per-couple discounts on all June and July
departures, plus the best available stateroom at the time of booking (worth up
to $900 per couple).  With the discount, the package starts at $2,148 per person
double (plus $84 taxes) and includes two nights at the Le Meridien Park Atlantic
hotel in Lisbon, the seven-night cruise and eight shore excursions. Book by
April 30. Info: 800-733-7820, http://www.uniworld.com.

AIR

?  Northwest has sale fares for last-minute travel from Washington to London.
Round-trip fare, good for travel Monday-Thursday through May 7, is $484,
including $132 taxes. Fare on other airlines starts at $522. Purchase by April 9
at http://www.nwa.com or pay $10 more at 800-225-2525.

Fly nonstop from Washington Dulles to Copenhagen on Scandinavian Airlines for
$688, including $77 taxes. Depart by May 17 and return within 30 days; 14-day
advance purchase required. Fare on other airlines starts at $746. Book at
http://www.flysas.com/us, or pay $10 more by calling 800-221-2350.

PACKAGES

  SmarTours and Air Tahiti Nui are offering an eight-night Sydney & Tahiti
Express package for $1,499 per person double, plus $195 taxes. The deal includes
round-trip nonstop air from New York to Papeete, Tahiti; three nights and
breakfasts at the Sofitel Tahiti Resort; air from Papeete to Sydney; five nights
with breakfasts at the Menzies Hotel in Sydney; a Sydney orientation tour,
return air from Sydney and transfers. Cheapest price applies to departures on
Sept. 5 and on May 7, 2008; October-April departures are $100 more. Priced
separately, air costs about $1,672 and the hotels about $1,969. Info:
800-337-7773, http://www.smartours.com.

A trip to Prague, Vienna and Budapest is now priced at $1,499 per person double
for travel through May 17, or Sept. 10-Oct. 31; for travel May 18-Sept. 9, pay
$1,699. Taxes are $130 extra.  The Austrian Airlines' Imperial City Steal
package includes round-trip air from Washington to Prague, with return from
Budapest; rail transport from Prague to Vienna, and from Vienna to Budapest;
three nights at the Hotel Victoria in Prague; three nights at the Hotel Atlantis
in Vienna; and three nights at the Grand Hungaria hotel in Budapest. Priced
separately, air for summer travel costs about $1,414 and the hotels about
$1,302. Info: 800-790-4682, http://www.austrianair-vacations.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               High Yield Report

                               February 21, 2011

Dave & Buster's Prices Discounted Notes

BYLINE: Matthew Sheahan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 24 Vol. 22 No. 8

LENGTH: 178  words


Dave & Buster's Wednesday issued $181 million in add-on discounted senior notes
to pay a dividend to its private equity owner.

The Dallas-based arcade-themed restaurant priced the $12.25% senior notes due
2016 with an OID of 55.31 via drive-by. The company will use the proceeds to pay
a $100 million dividend to private equity owner Oak Hill Capital Partners or
repurchase a portion of its common stock (LFN, Feb. 16, 2011).

Lead bookrunner JPMorgan was joined by Jefferies on the deal.

Moody's Investors Service placed all of the company's ratings on review for
downgrade as a result of the added leverage the deal brings, though Moody's is
not rating the discounted notes. Standard & Poor's, which did not rate the notes
either, downgraded Dave & Buster's corporate credit rating to B- from B.

Oak Hill Capital acquired Dave & Buster's from Wellspring Capital Management for
$570 million last May (LFN, May 13, 2010). Dave & Buster's issued $200 million
in 11% senior notes due 2018 to help finance the deal. It also secured a $150
million term loan (LFN, May 27, 2010).

URL: http://www.leveragedfinancenews.com/

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: HYR


                        Copyright 2011 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                   October 12, 2000, Thursday, Final Edition

Conn. Tribe Accused of Misusing U.S. Drug Subsidy; Audit Finds Medicines Go To
Ineligible Non-Indians

William Claiborne , Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A23

LENGTH: 796 words


A Connecticut Indian tribe that has amassed a fortune running the world's
largest casino has used a government health program to acquire $ 7.1 million in
heavily discounted prescription drugs intended for Native Americans and has been
dispensing most of them to 22,000 non-Indian casino employees and dependents,
according to a federal audit.

While the audit by the Department of Health and Human Services' inspector
general does not accuse the Mashantucket Pequot Tribe of profiting directly by
any resale of the discounted drugs, it suggests that the low-cost prescription
benefit the tribe offers its non-Indian casino employees is, in effect, being
subsidized by a federal program that was not intended to enhance a commercial
enterprise's employee-recruitment program. No federal money is involved, but the
large drug discounts negotiated by the government with drug companies for
Indians allegedly are going to ineligible non-Indians.

June Gibbs Brown, the HHS inspector general, expressed concern that by making $
5.8 million worth of the deeply discounted drugs available to non-Indian casino
employees in fiscal 1998 and 1999, the Pequots may have jeopardized a nationwide
health program that poorer tribes rely on for affordable prescription medicines.

"The continuation of these practices, and potential expansion to other tribes,
would seriously diminish the integrity of the programs," Brown said in her
report. "On a broader policy level, evidence of program abuse could prompt
Congress to reconsider the future of discounted-drug programs, which would
ultimately affect the millions of federal beneficiaries who now depend upon them
for their health care."

Brown said it is "imperative" that the Indian Health Service, as the responsible
agency, ensures that the Pequots and other tribes stop dispensing drugs
purchased under federal discount programs to non-Indian employees.

The Indian Health Service said yesterday that it concurred with Brown's
recommendations and had sent a letter to the Pequots on Sept. 27 "directing them
to cease this practice immediately."

However, tribal officials at the Pequots' Foxwoods Resort Casino in Ledyard,
Conn., which reportedly takes in more than $ 600 million a year in slot machine
revenue, challenged the HHS audit and said the Indian Health Service has
permitted the practice in the past.

"We question the legal basis for the inspector general's report and we will
continue to do everything we can to help our employees obtain pharmaceuticals at
the lowest possible cost," tribal spokesman Arthur Henick said. He said the
tribal government considers non-Indian employees and their dependents to be
"members of the tribal family" and, therefore, deserving of the federally
discounted drugs.

Tony Kendrick, spokesman for the Indian Health Service, which is part of HHS,
said the Pequots' contention that the agency knew all along that the tribe was
providing the discounted drugs to non-Indians was the result of a "difference of
interpretation" of the law and a "misunderstanding."

He said the Pequots' annual health services funding agreement is under review
"for that aspect so that there is no further misunderstanding."

Federal agencies such as the Department of Veterans Affairs and the Public
Health Service--which collectively are the biggest consumer of pharmaceuticals
in the world--are entitled to buy drugs from suppliers at rates often less than
half the normal price. Through the Indian Health Service, tribes can dispense
these drugs to their members but not to non-Indians unless there are no
alternative health services available in their area.

Federal auditors said they found at least 40 drugstores within 10 miles of the
Pequot reservation.

The Mashantucket Pequot Tribe, which has about 600 members, owns the Pequot
Pharmaceutical Network (PRxN), which in addition to serving its own members and
non-Indian employees dispenses the discounted drugs to 16 other tribes under
contract. HHS auditors contacted six of those tribes and found that four of them
give their non-Indian employees discounted drugs from the Pequots.

PRxN also operates a $ 15 million-a-year mail-order prescription drug business
that has enrolled more than 2 million members, including employees of General
Dynamics Corp., Connecticut College and dozens of other businesses. The tribe
says that 35,000 pharmacies participate in PRxN and that the firm processed more
than 250,000 prescriptions last year.

However, Henick stressed that the non-tribal mail-order operation is serviced by
a separate inventory of prescription drugs that are not part of the federal
discount program but that because of volume pricing can be sold at rates
competitive with health maintenance organizations.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                              May 18, 2012 Friday

Canadians can shop till they drop with $1 bus fares to U.S.

BYLINE: ANDREA WOO, With a report from The Canadian Press

SECTION: BRITISH COLUMBIA NEWS; CROSS-BORDER SHOPPING; Pg. S1

LENGTH: 509 words


A discount bus service is set to launch a new route connecting Vancouver,
Seattle and Portland - just one day before hikes in the amount of tax-exempt
goods Canadian residents can haul home across the border take effect.

BoltBus's Pacific Northwest route, launching May 31, offers fares as low as $1
for early bookers. While the company said average fares for a one-way trip to
Portland from Vancouver will range from $25 to $35, those who purchase tickets
in advance can find heavily discounted fares. Several randomly selected dates in
June showed fares of $2 as of Thursday. At least one $1 ticket is available on
each schedule.

The discounted prices are possible due to a lack of infrastructure - the
Greyhound Line-owned service does curb-side pickups and drop-offs - and online
bookings for which passengers print their own tickets, said company spokesman
Timothy Stokes. It will be BoltBus's first time operating in Canada.

Surrey resident Dilara Litonjua and her husband booked a trip to Seattle for $1
apiece, each way, plus a $1 booking fee.

"I'd never taken a shuttle to Seattle before; we always just drive," Ms.
Litonjua said. "But if the fares are good, this will make it a lot easier."

Mr. Stokes said it is difficult to break down the typical pricing structure on
each coach as fares increase based on availability and demand.

"But we do emphasize the sooner a passenger does purchase a ticket, the lower
their fare will be, and the better chance they'll have as well of purchasing
that $1 fare," Mr. Stokes said.

The launch of the new route coincides with a rise in the limits of how much
Canadians can buy south of the border without having to pay duties or taxes.

As of June 1, Canadians who have been in the United States for more than 24
hours will be able to bring back $200 worth of goods, up from $50. Those who
have been away for more than 48 hours can bring back $800, up from $400. The
exemption limit for residents gone for more than seven days rises $50 to $800.
Alcohol and tobacco allowances remain unchanged.

Cross-border shopping drains the Canadian economy of more than an estimated
$20-billion each year - and it is a "drain that looks [likely] to deepen," said
Doug Porter, chief economist at the Bank of Montreal.

"There are already more than 50 million visits to the U.S. by Canadian residents
annually," said Mr. Porter, who penned a new report comparing the price gap
between consumer goods in each country. "Those numbers are poised to swell when
Ottawa increases the duty-and-tax free limits on June 1."

BoltBus has operated in the northeastern United States since 2008. In New York,
the curbside service of such intercity bus lines has drawn the ire of residents
and politicians, who say the cost-cutting measure leads to double-parked buses
and crowds of passengers, creating safety concerns.

Last month, New York City lawmakers proposed legislation that would require bus
companies to seek approval from the state Department of Transportation on when
and where to pick up and drop off passengers.

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 4, 2010 Thursday
                                  All Editions

Discounted tickets help airport keep subsidy

BYLINE: BILL TROTTER OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. B1

LENGTH: 577 words


Head Style: head30 - 30 Point, 1 deck, Minion-SemiboldBDN95, Plain; 33; 4 col


Body Spec: Body Text; colw: 11p0; depth:9.16 (in.)

TRENTON - In this economy, or in any other one for that matter, who wouldn't
like a 17,000 percent return on their investment?

That's how much Hancock County is expected to get in return when it decided to
invest $5,000 in offering heavily discounted and free airplane tickets at its
airport at the end of 2009.

The county's goal in the deal was to meet the Federal Aviation Administration's
threshold for providing the airport with $1 million in annual entitlement funds.
To get the money, the airport has to have an annual total of at least 10,001
enplanements, which is a technical term for customers who purchase tickets and
board airplanes at the Route 3 facility.

If the airport had fewer customers than that, its annual FAA entitlement subsidy
would have fallen to $150,000, according to Hancock County Airport Manager
Allison Navia.

"It looked like it would be 100 short," Navia said Wednesday of the airport's
projections in December. "That kind of stuff is hard to forecast, especially in
the winter. All you need is a few storms [to fall short]."

Navia said it took some convincing but the county's three commissioners agreed
in December to allow Navia to work with Colgan Air, which offers daily passenger
service between Boston and Trenton, to offer heavily discounted tickets.

During the sale, passengers could buy round-trip tickets to Boston for only $55,
she said.

"You can't even drive down there for that much money," Navia said.

In the end, Colgan Air and the county teamed up to sell 225 cheap tickets, 90 of
which were purchased directly by the county and given away for free, according
to the manager. The total doesn't become official until April or May when FAA
tallies it up, she said, but according to the county's count it made the cut
with approximately 10,100 enplanements.

With the extra boarding passengers, the airport was able to preserve the
additional $850,000 in subsidy, she said. The county is expected to receive the
$1 million total in 2011.

Navia said the airport was able to attract passengers from Bangor, where last
year Delta canceled its daily flight service between Bangor International
Airport and Boston. The timing of offering the discounts during the holidays,
she said, and the fact that parking is free at the Trenton facility helped
encourage people to purchase tickets once word about the discount got around.

Navia said such discount programs aimed at meeting enplanement goals are rare
but not unheard of. She said she checked with the FAA and made sure such
discounts did not violate the agency's subsidy rules.

None of federal subsidy or the county's required 2.5 percent match comes from
federal or county taxes, she said. All of the funds are generated by the airline
industry.

The enplanement number and resulting subsidy is not just a matter of pride, she
said. The airport has several projects in the works that the entitlement money
will support.

It is extending the runway safety zones at either end of the its main runway,
which at the southern end involves moving the access road that connects the
airport complex to Route 3. It also needs to replace its 1952 snowblower, to
erect perimeter fencing to help keep deer off the runways, and to develop a
master plan for the next decade.

"It's really a big difference," Navia said of the larger subsidy.

btrotter@bangordailynews.net

460-6318

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Bangor Daily News


                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

T.J. Maxx, HomeGoods to open at The Fountains at Farah in East El Paso

BYLINE: Vic Kolenc / El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 153 words


Two more stores have been revealed at The Fountains at Farah shopping center
under construction on the East Side.

Signs for clothing store T.J. Maxx, and home furnishings store HomeGoods
recently went up at the center at Interstate 10 and Hawkins.

The chain stores are operated by Massachusetts-based TJX Companies, which also
operates Marshalls clothing stores. T.J. Maxx sells discounted designer and
brand-name clothing, and HomeGoods sells discounted name-brand home furnishing
products. T.J. Maxx has started looking for store managers, and plans to hire
125 store employees in August, reported Workforce Solutions Upper Rio Grande.

Names of only six other stores and Dallas-based Twin Peaks Restaurant have been
made public so far for the 600,000 square-foot center expected to open in
October. The others: Dick's Sporting Goods, PetSmart, Nordstrom Rack, Jared The
Galleria of Jewelry, Barnes & Noble, and BestBuy.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  July 17, 1998, Friday, Late Edition - Final

THE MARKETS: BONDS;
Treasuries Slide Despite Signals Of Diminished Inflation Pressure

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D; Page 5; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 299 words


Treasury securities fell yesterday despite Government reports pointing toward
lower economic growth and diminished inflationary pressure.

Traders attributed the bond market's retreat to a further decline in the
dollar's value and a belief that the effects of the General Motors strike had
made the latest economic data look deceptively weak.

The dollar fell to the lowest level against the yen in more than three weeks on
speculation that Japan's next elected prime minister will support radical bank
reform.

The dollar also fell for the fifth day against the mark after Russia's
Parliament passed austerity measures to secure new loans.

Bonds have tended to track the dollar's value lately. A higher dollar attracts
foreign investors to assets denominated in the currency.

The benchmark 30-year bond slipped 12/32, to a price of 105 21/32. The yield,
which moves in the opposite direction, rose to 5.72 percent, from 5.70 percent
on Wednesday.

The price weakness came despite Government reports showing a decline of
six-tenths of a percent in June industrial production and a decline of
eight-tenths of a percent in factory use. The reports suggested the economy was
cooling, which would tend to help bonds.

But economists said the data reflected the mass shutdown of G.M. factories
caused by a strike at two plants in Flint, Mich., that began more than a month
ago. The reports would have been stronger without the effects of the labor
dispute.

"The G.M. strike has started to wreak havoc with the economic data base and
market observers are beginning to weave through the statistical minefield," said
Donald Fine, the chief market analyst at Chase Asset Management.

Results of yesterday's Treasury auction of a new 52-week bill:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table:
Average Price . . .              94.848
Discounted Rate . . .             5.09%
Coupon Yield . . .                5.37%
High Price . . .                 94.848
Discounted Rate . . .             5.09%
Coupon Yield . . .                5.37%
Low Price . . .                  94.864
Discounted Rate . . .             5.08%
Coupon Yield . . .                5.35%
Accepted at low price .             51%
. .
Total applied for . . .     $46,382,774
Accepted . . .              $15,747,484
Noncompetitive . . .           $933,649

The one-year bills mature July 22, 1999.


                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                     PR.com

                     September 27, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Girls Night Out Columbus

BYLINE: See You Downtown LLC

LENGTH: 362  words


Columbus, OH,  September 27, 2016 --(PR.com)-- Grab your girlfriends and head
over to the Courtyard Marriott West for a Girl's Night to remember. This event
takes place October 7, 2016 from 6pm-8pm, ticket prices are $40 and can be
purchased at www.gnocolumbus.com .

See You Downtown, LLC invites you to an exclusive event that celebrates women in
the capital city. Guest will enjoy wine samplings and hors'devours while taking
advantage of excellent deals from local retailers of 20%-70% off products and/or
services. Participants will have access to discounted on-site beauty services
such as mini- manicures, mini-facials, massage treatments, brow services and
make-up application.

Tickets Include:

Access to all featured entertainment and scheduled activities

GNO Columbus Tee-Shirt (While supplies last)

2 drink tickets for the GNO Wine Menu (can also be used on non-alcoholic drink
options)

Hors'devours and Sweets Table

Loaded GNO Columbus Swag Bag

Free and Discounted beauty treatments from local upscale salons

Discounted fashion from local retailers

Additional event features include:

Zumba by Trina

Creating a Vison for 2017 (Vision Board session) hosted by Loving Me, LLC

Activating your Gifts Workshop by Coach and Author of Unstoppable, Shaniece M.
Wise-Armstrong.

Free Reiki treatments and Stress Relief workshop provided by Reiki by Katie

Fi$cally Fabulous Workshop by Jenefeness Houston

Sweets Table designed by Adrienne Ruff Event Co.

Music provided by on-site DJ

A "Girl's Give Back" silent auction raffle will be held at the event to support
two locally owned non-profit organizations, Aunt Flow and Tear Bear. These
organizations service women in the Columbus community and beyond. For more
information about these organizations go to www.auntflow.org and
www.tearbear.org.

See You Downtown LLC is a Columbus based company with a mission to host and
promote positive community events throughout the city of Columbus that unite the
citizen of the capital city. To learn more about See You Downtown, LLC follow us
on Facebook at @CUdowntown, on Instagram at @cudowntown614 and on Twitter at
@cudowntownOH,

To learn more about Girl's Night Out Columbus visit gnocolumbus.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


               Copyright 2016 PR.com, distributed by Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Lawyers Weekly USA

                                 April 24, 2009

Tips on buying a law practice

BYLINE: Sylvia Hsieh

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 618  words


Recently, we reported tips on selling a law practice.

The other side of the coin is the recent uptick in lawyers looking to buy a law
practice.

"It's a buyer's market, not only because of the economy, but because there are
so many lawyers in the baby boom generation that want to retire so there is
almost a flood on the market," said Ed Poll, owner of LawBiz Management in
Venice, Calif.

Here are some tips on buying a law practice:

Non-compete agreement

If it's allowed in your jurisdiction, be sure there is a non-compete agreement,
so the seller cannot practice within a certain distance of your new practice.

Each state has different rules: some prohibit a covenant not to compete, others
build it into the sales agreement to benefit the buyer and others say that the
limitation must be geographically reasonable, said Poll.

Transition is key

Keep in mind that once a letter of intent has been signed, the seller may lose
interest.

"It's really incumbent on the buyer to move forward as soon as possible, because
the seller is going to take the foot off the accelerator," said Poll.

One option is to include warranties in the agreement stating that the seller
will continue to run the practice with the same energy and keep the same hours
as before, Poll suggested.

Another suggestion is to negotiate a transition period during which the buying
attorney can come into the office and start working and be introduced to new
clients by the outgoing attorney.

Pricing

Ask if the firm has a buy-sell agreement that allows a buyout of a departing
lawyer.

"A buyer should not pay more than the valuation clause [states] in the buy-sell
agreement," said Shannon Pratt, CEO of Shannon Pratt Valuations, a business
valuation firm in Portland, Ore.

A buyer should also look at the work in progress and calculate the number of
hours required times the billing rate.

The value of work in progress is typically discounted by about 25 percent;
contingency fee cases are typically discounted by 50 percent, said Pratt.

A buyer should also take a forecast of revenues and expenses projected over the
next five years and use a discounted cash flow approach based on a desired rate
of return, said Pratt.

Look through the books and see what the collection records are.

"Go in and kick the tires. Examine the underlying contracts, like the rental
agreement for office space. Look at the receivables and the bank
reconciliations. Confirm with the bank that the IOLTA account really has
$250,000 in it [like the seller promised]," said James Cotterman of Altman Weill
Consultants, a legal consulting firm in Orlando, Fla.

In some instances, a firm may have additional value to a particular buyer. For
example a financial planner that buys a law firm may be able to sell additional
services to existing clients of the firm.

Terms

As an old saying goes, a buyer can get price or terms, but not both.

"The buyer has to propose terms of the sale that will be reasonable and fair to
the seller," said Poll.

Typically, the purchase of a law firm will require a 10 to 30 percent down
payment, he added.

"Often times the seller wants significant cash down, if not total payment, for
the purchase price - especially in this economy - and buyers don't have that
kind of money laying around, so financing is necessary," said Poll, who
recommended going to a bank with a Small Business Administration financing
program.

Although a buyer may want to pay based on a percentage of fees collected, Poll
said a seller may not agree to such an arrangement.

"I think that gets close to sharing a legal fee, which is illegal," he said.

Instead, he recommended a fixed fee paid on a monthly basis secured by
collateral.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     November 26, 2001 Monday CITY EDITION

PARKING DISCOUNTS GO TO ONLY LUCKY FEW CAR POOLS

BYLINE: Toni Coleman, Pioneer Press Columnist

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 706 words


After all these years, it still stings east metro car poolers that they don't
qualify for deeply discounted parking at municipal garages on Fourth, Fifth and
Seventh streets in downtown Minneapolis simply because they don't live in a
certain area.

A car pool that originates in the western suburbs and travels Interstate 394
pays $40 for a space in those ramps, but a car pool that originates in the east
metro pays standard fare: on average, $130 a month.

East metro carpools looking to obtain a significantly discounted car-pool space
at the two municipal ramps that are open to all car pools are met with a lengthy
waiting list.

At the Hennepin County Government Center ramp, there are 75 car pools waiting to
get a discounted space -- $95 per month, compared with a regular fee of $172.50.
There, the city of Minneapolis has set aside 50 of the 1,400 spaces for car
pools; some on the list have been waiting since July 1999. Over at the
1,400-space Gateway ramp, 33 names are on the waiting list for one of 50 spaces.

Blame the federal government for the disparity in rates at municipal garages
that give price preferences to I-394 car pools. The Federal Highway
Administration bankrolled 90 percent of the cost to build the ramps as part of
the I-394 high-occupancy vehicle project to encourage car pooling and reduce the
number of cars in that corridor.

The agreement "says this (discounted car-pool rate) is only open to people
coming in on 394. It was planned to be this way," says Tim Blazina, manager of
parking lots and ramps for Minneapolis, who has been fielding complaints about
the pricing disparity for years. Revenue from the ramps, owned by the Minnesota
Department of Transportation, helps maintain the HOV lanes, for instance, paying
for the replacement of the gates.

"That's not fair. We all pay taxes regardless of where you live. I live in St.
Paul, and I'm sure my money helped pay for that ramp," says Dewayne Jackson, a
real estate auditor who for almost a year has been on the Gateway and Government
Center waiting lists.

The situation is not much better in downtown St. Paul. While the city provides
car pools with free on-street parking and some private owners provide incentives
to car pools, the spaces are mainly on the outskirts, and there are very few in
the heart of downtown. Additionally, the car-pool program has lost much-needed
spaces to the construction of redevelopment projects, including housing work in
the northeast quadrant of downtown.

There simply aren't enough discounted car-pool spaces, and that hurts
recruitment efforts because would-be car-poolers are discouraged by the long
waiting periods for discounted spaces, says Patty Carlson, manager of Metro
Commuter Services, which administers the Minnesota Rideshare program.

"They don't feel like they're being recognized for what they're doing. We try to
do what we can, but unfortunately we're at the mercy of the city and private
owners," Carlson says.

Car-pool promoters still try to sell people on car pools by pointing out the
savings in parking costs. Even if parking isn't discounted, car poolers save by
splitting the costs. And to keep people car pooling, Metro Commuter Services
offers other incentives, such as coupons for Twin Cities retailers, through the
Ride to Rewards program.

Wouldn't it behoove the Cities to provide more car-pool spaces, thereby reducing
traffic congestion while still delivering to the downtowns people who patronize
local businesses?

"If they're already parking in a ramp, it's hard for them to say we'll give you
a discount. The problem is that takes money out of their revenue," Carlson says.

Minneapolis and St. Paul officials point to the expense of maintaining the
parking facilities and paying off the loans used to build them.

"We've committed to the carpool program, but I have other fiduciary
responsibilities," Blazina says.

Write to Fast Lane, 345 Cedar St., St. Paul, MN 55101, or reach Toni Coleman at
(651) 228-5442 or by e-mail at tcoleman@pioneerpress .com. Include a daytime
phone number and city of residence.

For information about the Minnesota Rideshare program, visit
www.dot.state.mn.us/transit/rideshare/index.html.

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 2001 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Business Development Updates

LENGTH: 323  words

DATELINE: New York



 Oklahoma City:  National Electrical Contractors Association  has issued the
following news release:



 Inaugural NECA Energy Study Mission is Sold Out



 The first NECA Energy Study Mission meeting is now sold out. If you missed the
registration for this year's meeting, we will offer the Energy Study Mission
again next year. This new meeting series explores cutting-edge energy projects
across the country to educate our contractors on emerging markets for business.
For more information regarding the meeting, click here. The full agenda for the
2016 meeting is now available for download below.





 Download Energy Study Mission Agenda &raquo;

 NECA and Day & Night Solar Sign Agreement For Discounted Panels



 NECA and Day & Night Solar have signed an agreement that provides NECA members
with discounted pricing on solar PV panels.  Members can purchase both US and
non-US monocrystalline and polycrystalline panels at reduced prices.  More
information will be available in the coming weeks on the www.NECANET.org website
under Membership &gt; Member Discounts. You will need your NECA username and
password to login to this portion of the website.



 In the meantime, if you would like more information, please contact Mir Mustafa
at 301-215-4556 or MMM@necanet.org

 NECA Sponsors Transmission  & Distribution Conference



 This Month, NECA and IBEW jointly sponsored an exhibit booth at the 2016 IEEE
Power and Energy Society's Transmission & Distribution Conference in Dallas, TX.
This conference is offered every two years and gathers more than 700 companies
including the top 20 utilities. In addition to the NECA and IBEW booth, there
were at least five other NECA contracting companies also in attendance including
NECA Vice President Gerald Schulz's company, Michels Electric.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                            Mexco Energy Corporation

                            214 W Texas Ave Ste 1101
                            MIDLAND,  TX 79701-4600
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-915-6821119
FAX: 1-432-6821123
URL: Home Page: http://www.mexcoenergy.com/
E-MAIL: mexco@sbcglobal.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: MXC
CUSIP: 592770101
IRS No.: 840627918
CIK: 0000066418
ISIN: US5927701012
SEDOL: 2435428
Reuters Instrument Code: MXC
Display RIC: MXC.A

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 12, 1972
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Colorado
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 3

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. Nicholas    Chairman of the Board,    1983         1983         77    M
Taylor          Chief Executive Officer
                (2011)
Ms. Tamala      President, Chief          2001                      46    F
McComic         Financial Officer,
                Treasurer, Assistant
                Secretary (2011)
Ms. Donna Yanko Vice President, Corporate 1986         1990         71    F
                Secretary (2008)
Mr. Thomas      Director (1998)                        1998         70    M
Craddick
Mr. Michael     Independent Director                   2014         57    M
Banschbach      (2014)
Mr. Kenneth     Independent Director                   2011         70    M
Clayton         (2011)
Mr. Paul Hines  Independent Director                   2010         77    M
                (2010)
Mr. Christopher Independent Director                   2014         51    M
Schroeder       (2014)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Mexco Energy Corporation, incorporated on April 12, 1972, is an independent
oil and gas company. The Company is engaged in the exploration, development and
production of natural gas and crude oil properties located in the United States.
At March 31, 2016, its total estimated proved reserves were approximately 2.051
million barrels of oil equivalent (Boe) of which 53% was oil and natural gas
liquids and 47% was natural gas. The Company also owns producing properties and
undeveloped acreage in approximately 10 states. It acquires interests in
producing and non-producing oil and gas leases from landowners and leaseholders
in areas considered favorable for oil and gas exploration, development and
production. In addition, it may acquire oil and gas interests by joining in oil
and gas drilling prospects generated by third parties. It owns interests in and
operates approximately 10 producing wells and a water injection well. It owns
partial interests in an additional 6,461 producing wells all of which are
located within the United States in the states of Texas, New Mexico, Oklahoma,
Louisiana, Alabama, Mississippi, Arkansas, Wyoming, Kansas, Colorado, Montana,
Virginia and North Dakota.

   The Company is focused on the Midland Basin located in the Eastern portion of
the Permian Basin, including Reagan, Upton, Midland, Martin, Howard, Glasscock
and Crockett Counties, Texas, and the Delaware Basin located in the Western
portion of the Permian Basin, including Lea and Eddy Counties, New Mexico and
Loving County, Texas. The Midland Basin properties, encompassing approximately
71,480 gross acres, over 285 net acres, approximately 530 gross producing wells
and over 2.5 net wells account for approximately 42% of its discounted future
net cash flows from proved reserves as of March 31, 2016. The Delaware Basin
properties, encompassing approximately 29,640 gross acres, over 620 net acres,
approximately 460 gross producing wells and over 5.2 net wells account for
approximately 18% of its discounted future net cash flows from proved reserves
as of March 31, 2016. Of these discounted future net cash flows from proved
reserves, approximately 2% are attributable to proven undeveloped reserves,
which will be developed through new drilling.

   The Company's Gomez Gas Field properties, encompassing approximately 13,060
gross acres, over 70 net acres, approximately 30 gross wells and over 13 net
wells in Pecos County, Texas, account for approximately 3% of its discounted
future net cash flows from proved reserves as of March 31, 2015. The Goldsmith
North Field (San Andres formation) long-lived oil producing properties,
encompassing approximately 240 gross acres, over 150 net acres, approximately
three gross wells in Ector County, Texas, account for 7.3% of its discounted
future net cash flows from proved reserves as of March 31, 2016. Its
subsidiaries include Forman Energy Corporation, Southwest Texas Disposal
Corporation and TBO Oil & Gas, LLC.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
211111 - Crude Petroleum and Natural Gas Extraction
PRIMARY SIC:
1311 - Crude Petroleum And Natural Gas
SECONDARY SIC:
1311 - Crude Petroleum And Natural Gas
COMPETITORS:

     ·    EOG Resources Inc
     ·    Noble Energy, Inc.
     ·    Concho Resources Inc
     ·    SandRidge Energy Inc.
     ·    Approach Resources Inc.


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: March 31, 2016

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Cash & Equivalents                          34              96             156
Cash and Short Term                         34              96             156
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,               278             449             646
Net
Total Receivables, Net                     278             449             646
Prepaid Expenses                            43              45              29
Total Current Assets                       355             590             831
Natural Resources - Gross               40,365          40,563          35,461
Other Property/Plant/Equipment             107             107              94
- Gross
Property/Plant/Equipment,               40,473          40,670          35,555
Total - Gross
Accumulated Depreciation,             (24,395)        (19,838)        (18,475)
Total
Property/Plant/Equipment,               16,078          20,832          17,080
Total - Net
Other Long Term Assets                      34              49               7
Other Long Term Assets, Total               34              49               7
Total Assets                            16,467          21,471          17,918



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Payable/Accrued                            332             423             257
Total Current Liabilities                  332             423             309
Long Term Debt                           5,580           5,950           2,425
Total Long Term Debt                     5,580           5,950           2,425
Total Debt                               5,580           5,950           2,425
Reserves                                 1,211           1,230             927
Other Liabilities, Total                 1,211           1,230             927
Total Liabilities                        7,123           8,264           4,519



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Common Stock                             1,052           1,052           1,052
Common Stock, Total                      1,052           1,052           1,052
Additional Paid-In Capital               7,192           7,075           6,922
Retained Earnings (Accumulated           1,446           5,426           5,767
Deficit)
Treasury Stock - Common                  (346)           (346)           (341)
Total Equity                             9,344          13,207          13,399
Total Liabilities &                     16,467          21,471          17,918
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock               2,037           2,037           2,038
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                      2,037           2,037           2,038
Outstanding



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Treas Shares - Common Stock                  0               0               0
Prmry Issue



RATIOS
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Total Current Assets less                  355             590             831
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  1               1               3
Current Ratio                                1               1               3
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &              5,546           5,854           2,269
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common              9,344          13,207          13,399
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               5               6               7
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Net Sales                                2,422           3,390           4,042
Revenue                                  2,422           3,390           4,042
Total Revenue                            2,422           3,390           4,042
Cost of Revenue                          1,144           1,301           1,232
Cost of Revenue, Total                   1,144           1,301           1,232
Gross Profit                             1,278           2,089           2,810
Selling/General/Administrative           1,155           1,240           1,137
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                   1,155           1,240           1,137
Expenses, Total
Depreciation                             1,573           1,363           1,151
Depreciation/Amortization                1,573           1,363           1,151
Other Operating Expense                     35              28              44
Other Operating Expenses,                   35              28              44
Total
Total Operating Expense                  6,892           3,931           3,565
Operating Income                       (4,470)           (541)             477
Interest Expense -                       (171)            (99)            (65)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                    (171)            (99)            (65)
Non-Operating
Interest Income -                            1               0               0
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                     1             102            (99)
Non-Operating
Interest                                 (171)               3           (164)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Net Income Before Taxes                (4,641)           (538)             313
Provision for Income Taxes               (661)           (197)              12
Net Income After Taxes                 (3,980)           (341)             301
Net Income Before Extra. Items         (3,980)           (341)             301
Income Available to Com Excl           (3,980)           (341)             301
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares            2,037           2,038           2,037
Basic EPS Excluding                        (2)               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                 2,037           2,038           2,042
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd             (2)               0               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Net Income                             (3,980)           (341)             301
Income Available to Com Incl           (3,980)           (341)             301
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Normalized Income Before Taxes         (1,656)           (538)             313
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items              384           (197)              12
Normalized Income After Taxes          (2,040)           (341)             301
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.          (2,040)           (341)             301
Basic Normalized EPS                       (1)               0               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                     (1)               0               0



RATIOS
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Gross Margin                                53              62              70
Operating Margin                          -185             -16              12
Pretax Margin                             -192             -16               8
Net Profit Margin                         -164             -10               7
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)              (1,485)           (541)             477
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)                 87             822           1,629



FOOTNOTE TAX ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Deferred Tax - Total                     (661)           (197)               5
Deferred Tax - Total                     (661)           (197)               5
Income Tax - Total                       (661)           (197)              12



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Basic EPS Including                        (2)               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                         (4)               0               0
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd             (2)               0               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Interest Expense, Supplemental             171              99              65
Depreciation, Supplemental               1,573           1,363           1,151

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    03/31/2016      03/31/2015      03/31/2014
Net Income/Starting Line               (3,980)           (341)             301
Depreciation                             1,573           1,363           1,151
Depreciation/Depletion                   1,573           1,363           1,151
Deferred Taxes                           (661)           (197)               5
Other Non-Cash Items                       152              79             296
Non-Cash Items                           3,137              79             296
Accounts Receivable                        171             197            (91)
Prepaid Expenses                             1            (16)            (10)
Payable/Accrued                           (66)              98              43
Changes in Working Capital                 107             273              59
Cash from Operating Activities             176           1,177           1,813
Purchase of Fixed Assets               (1,139)         (4,790)         (2,153)
Capital Expenditures                   (1,139)         (4,790)         (2,153)
Sale of Fixed Assets                     1,323              16             963
Other Investing Cash Flow                 (52)            (39)            (63)
Other Investing Cash Flow                1,271              33             846
Items, Total
Cash from Investing Activities             132         (4,757)         (1,307)
Long Term Debt Issued                      400           3,675             850
Long Term Debt Reduction                 (770)           (150)         (1,375)
Long Term Debt, Net                      (370)           3,525           (525)
Issuance (Retirement) of Debt,           (370)           3,525           (525)
Net
Cash from Financing Activities           (370)           3,520           (516)
Net Change in Cash                        (62)            (60)            (10)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance                96             156             166
Net Cash - Ending Balance                   34              96             156
Cash Interest Paid                         168              91              67

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                             355
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            414
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            16,467
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           12,928
Assets, total - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             15,106
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                           9,344
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          8,695
('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                          9,756
1 year ago ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            9,344
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                            8,695
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              61
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                              34
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent fiscal                           24,395
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation, accumulated - most recent quarter                          25,275
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                              332
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                            202
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              7,123
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            4,233
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                           5,580
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          3,070
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                            278
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                344
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                              9,344
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                            8,695
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           5,580
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               3,070
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                           1,573
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                            274
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                            1,208
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         (963)
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           (293)
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             (665)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                      -2,267.63
%, FY
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                            86
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        18
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     59
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                    .13
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .16
Asset turnover - trailing 12 month                                          .15
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                             6.66
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                                 6.53
(annualized)
Receivables turnover - trailing 12 month                                   7.25
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    1.07
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        2.05
Current ratio - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .74
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                               -8.70
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                   -3.93
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                               -9.32
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                     -5.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                  33.89
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                      23.75
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                  59.72
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                      35.31
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                          59.96
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                           37.39
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                               26.09
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                         33.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                             23.75
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                             37.39
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                            26.09
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                         59.72
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                             35.31
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter, 1                          59.96
year ago
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .01
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .10
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                          2.06
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                   .60
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                  2.06
Assets, total % Change - 1 year ago                                      -25.20
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  -23.30
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  -5.73
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -14.12
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                             93.47
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                              32.86
EPS Change % - year over year                                         -1,067.70
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                                70.54
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          64.89
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -7.86
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                          93.47
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                       32.85
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                  70.54
Net Income Change % - year over year                                  -1,067.10
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                          8.31
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           1.60
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                           -10.07
Revenue Change %, year over year                                         -28.56
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              -4.20
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.19
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                               -5.90
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                        -17.07
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         1,144
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                               234
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                            997
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                          (3,980)
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                          (160)
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                          (2,040)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                         (4,641)
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                         (160)
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                         (1,125)
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                          (1,656)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                               (1,485)
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                     (127)
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       (958)
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                   87
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                               822
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      147
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                        250
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                            171
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            32
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             167
Net Income available to common - most recent                            (3,980)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                              (160)
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                            (1,125)
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                       (2,040)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                         (3,980)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                              2,422
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                    590
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              2,543
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                    2,287
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                           (661)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                        (3,980)
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                        (1,125)
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                 (552)
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                            (1,125)
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 -4.29
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            -20.98
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                            -4.43
(annualized)
Return on average assets - prior trailing 12                             -19.59
month
Return on average assets - trailing 12 month                              -7.44
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 -6.09
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            -35.30
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                            -7.31
(annualized)
Return on average equity - prior trailing 12                             -32.91
month
Return on average equity - trailing 12 month                             -12.19
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     -4.38
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           -21.41
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                -4.53
(annualized)
Return on investment - trailing 12 month                                  -7.61
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,587
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               4,268
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,587
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                             4,268
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                              559
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                               281
('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share. most recent quarter                             122
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                           (1,181)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           501
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                29
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   225
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               56
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                       (4,075)
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                          (1,073)
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                               41
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                               17
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                              30
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              123
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                          (1,953)
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                             (78)
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                         (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                 (552)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                         (1,953)
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                            (78)
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                               (1,874)
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                           (552)
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                          (1,001)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                           (473)
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                           (1,773)
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (27)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (576)
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                            (144)
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                         (487)
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                              (326)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             2,739
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            1,507
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,189
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,162
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    290
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,122
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                         160.74
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                           49.01
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   52.29
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                    48.99
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                     .98
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.05
Price to Book - most recent quarter, 1 year ago                             .67
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                19.91
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                         109.61
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                   3.76
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       3.85
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   2.59
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         3.99
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                   .98
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.05
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                    .51
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.17
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                               .51
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.17
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             29.71
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                     3.61
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          10.93
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 52.76
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 61.63
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             64.89
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        60.29
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          56.41
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                       -23.88
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                        -164.33
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                         -10.06
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                -27.07
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                           -150.12
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                  -49.18
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                           -184.56
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                            -15.97
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                        -26.91
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                   -21.58
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                     -41.89
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                              -191.62
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                               -15.88
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                           -29.47
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                      -27.07
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                        -49.18
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            47.70
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           33.89
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             43.92
Float                                                                       .86
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                          9,117
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                              2.04
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                             2.04
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                           2.04
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                          2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                           2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                               2.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter 1                             2.04
year ago
Shares outstanding - current                                               2.04
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                          2.04
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                             2.04
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                            2.04
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            42.22

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: NYSE MKT LLC
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 2,037,266
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Grant Thornton LLP

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017


                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                          September 26, 2012 Wednesday

Marin briefs: College of Marin athlete qualifies for Kona Ironman

BYLINE: Marin Independent Journal

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 318 words


College of Marin student Felicity Joyce, 31, was victorious in her age group at
the Louisville, Kentucky Ironman last month, automatically qualifying her for
next month's World Championships Ironman in Kona, Hawaii.

The Kentucky Ironman included a 2.4-mile swim, a 112-mile bike ride and
26.2-mile run in 95-degree heat.

Triathlon training

Nor-Cal Juniors Multisport, a youth triathlon training team for the North Bay,
is holding weekly training sessions in preparation for the Marin County
Triathlon youth and kids sprint races. Training packages include discounted
weekend trainings, discounted race entry and a team membership. RSVP required.
For information, check out the team's website atwww.norcaljuniors.org .

Nave bout set for Oct. 19

San Anselmo professional boxer Paul Nave, 52, will fight again on Oct. 19 at
Albert Park against an opponent yet to be determined. It will be the former
World Welterweight Champion's first fight since Sept. 16 of last year, losing a
decision to Brandon Hoskins.

The undercard bouts begin at 7 p.m. Ticket prices range from $40 to $200. Info:
Liberty Boxing Enterprises 454-1113.

Open position

* Novato Youth Soccer Clinic is looking for an assistant soccer coach.
Applicants should be able to work with beginners ages 5-7. Classes are Saturday
and Sunday morning. For more info, call 898-8605.

* The North Bay Officials Association is in need of football officials. Those
interested should visitwww.NBOAFootball.org for more information.

* The Golden Gate Officials Bureau is accepting applications for high school
basketball officials in Marin County. For more information, contact Nancy Clary
atMCALrefereecomcast.net , or call 328-3356.

* The Marin County Jets Pop Warner team is looking for volunteer coaches for its
5-7 year-old age group. Prior coaching not required but candidates must pass a
background check. Call 800-371-8829 or e-mailmarinpopwarner@hotmail.com .

-

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Business Daily (Nairobi)

                          September 21, 2011 Wednesday

SMEs Yet to Actively Use Digital Tools for Growth [opinion]

BYLINE: Mbugua Njihia

LENGTH: 409  words


With an increasingly competitive marketplace, most small and medium-sized
enterprises are not using digital tools to gain competitive edge or at least
ensure improved business prospects.

While they interact with millions of consumers daily, many firms do not make the
effort to collect or analyse consumer data. Some insights from interactions with
Silicon Valley-based firms filling this gap would perhaps put things into
perspective.

Group buying sites such as Groupon spurred a worldwide craze in the daily deal
space that saw a handful of start-ups locally get onto the same boat. There has
been a debate on whether the Kenyan marketplace can support long-term the daily
deal, discounted pricing model, as the platform providers take a cut of the
already discounted price, meaning most businesses would not look at daily deals
as a long-term strategy.

A different approach such as that adopted by Schedulicity - which offers online
calendar and scheduling tools for small businesses is such that they empower
businesses to offer deals on the fly to an already qualified client base. So,
instead of a spa using a daily deal platform to try to get new business, it will
offer the discounted pricing customers they have engaged in the past and at a
time they have available inventory. This allows them to fully use idle time.

Another example would be the use of Facebook to acquire leads or at best close a
sale. It's a given that there are more than a million Kenyans on Facebook but
the most that businesses think of using the platform for, is to advertise
instead of engaging actively on the platform.

An advert on Facebook takes the consumer out of the environment in which they
engaged. If you look closely at the firms making a killing off Facebook, all of
them engage from within the platform.

Daily Digital has a Facebook storefront solution that allows content creators to
sell and deliver video, audio images, docs and other files directly to their
audience. Daily Digital may have focused on digital goods but they still serve
as an example of what can be done differently.

That said, the solution providers should also up their game in the creation and
marketing of such platforms. The SMEs may argue, and quite validly, that they
have not been exposed to such tools that will allow them to grow their
businesses and that they are willing to pay a reasonable fee for them.

Mbugua is CEO of Symbiotic; Twitter - @mbuguanjihia Web - www.mbuguanjihia.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 AllAfrica Global Media.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Korea Times

                           October 23, 2008 Thursday

Discounted Tickets for Teachers, Students

BYLINE: By Cathy Rose A. Garcia

LENGTH: 240 words


Staff Reporter

Unsold tickets to cultural events will be sold at discounted prices to students
and teachers starting next year, Minister of Culture, Sports and Tourism Yu
In-chon said Thursday.

During a meeting with cultural industry officials at a cafe in Daehangno, Yu
said students and teachers would be able to buy discounted tickets to watch
cultural performances and concerts. The tickets will be discounted by 20-30
percent, and sold on the day of the performance. This is meant to give more
opportunities for young students to enjoy arts and the theater.

This is similar to New York's Theater Development Fund-run discount booths that
offer tickets to Broadway and Off-Broadway musicals and plays, with as much as
50 percent discounts.

The Arts Council Korea's Sarang Ticket will operate the system. Sarang Ticket is
a membership service that provides discounts for cultural performances.

The introduction of student discount tickets is expected to increase revenues
and improve the popularity of local shows.

Due to the difficult domestic economic situation, efforts to attract more people
to watch plays, musicals and concerts are facing problems. Yu said it was
important to develop potential future audiences such as children and teenagers.

Next year, the ministry will allocate 12.5 billion won for the development of
cultural events, which includes new programs for underprivileged students as
well as musical and performance festivals.

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Korea Times
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 3, 2016 Wednesday

California: Buzz Free Driving Night at the Earthquakes

LENGTH: 129  words

DATELINE: New York



 San Jose: City of San Jose, The State of California has issued the following
news release:



   Buzz Free Driving Night at the Earthquakes

 Friday, August 5

 In order to raise awareness about impaired and distracted driving, the City of
San José Vision Zero program is partnering with the San Jose Earthquakes and
other partners to host a Buzz Free Driving Night at its August 5 game against
New York City FC.





 There are discounted tickets available that also include a donation to Mothers
Against Drunk Driving (MADD).





 Date:

 August 5, 2016

 Time:

 8:00 PM

 Address:

 Avaya Stadium

 San Jose, CA 95113

 Cost:

 For discounted tickets please see tinyurl.com /buzzfree0805

 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editori@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            July 24, 2013 Wednesday

El Paso business roundup: Sierra Providence CEO named 'rising star'

BYLINE: Vic Kolenc, El Paso Times, Texas

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 470 words


July 24--Eric Evans, chief executive officer of Sierra Medical Center and
Providence Memorial Hospital, has been named one of 25 "rising stars" under age
40 in the health-care industry by Becker's Hospital Review magazine, the
hospitals announced.Evans became CEO of the El Paso hospitals in September 2012.
Previously he was CEO of Lake Pointe Health Network in Rowlett, Texas, a job he
began in 2010 at the age of 32."Eric is a well-respected leader with a proven
track record of executing successful hospital operations," Tim Adams, senior
vice president of operations for Tenet's Central States region, said in a
statement. The El Paso hospitals are owned and operated by Tenet Healthcare
Corp., of Dallas.Evans has a bachelor's degree in industrial management from
Purdue University, and a master's of business administration from Harvard
University. -- Vic KolencRetailNew Fountains stores >> Two more stores have been
revealed at The Fountains at Farah shopping center under construction on the
East Side.Signs for clothing store T.J. Maxx, and home furnishings store
HomeGoods recently went up at the center at Interstate 10 and Hawkins.The chain
stores are operated by Massachusetts-based TJX Companies, which also operates
Marshalls clothing stores.

T.J. Maxx sells discounted designer and brand-name clothing, and HomeGoods sells
discounted name-brand home furnishing products. T.J. Maxx has started looking
for store managers, and plans to hire 125 store employees in August, reported
Workforce Solutions Upper Rio Grande. Names of only six other stores and
Dallas-based Twin Peaks Restaurant have been made public so far for the 600,000
square-foot center expected to open in October. The others: Dick's Sporting
Goods, PetSmart, Nordstrom Rack, Jared The Galleria of Jewelry, Barnes & Noble,
and BestBuy. -- Vic KolencEmploymentJob-a-thon has leads for 1,900 jobs >> Job
seekers can get help from 24 job counselors during a telephone Job-a-thon in El
Paso today.The counselors will be able to provide leads on about 1,900 local
jobs in the state's job bank system, said officials with Workforce Solutions
Upper Rio Grande, the area's public employment agency which is holding the
event.The Job-a-thon is designed to help job seekers who may not be able to make
it to an employment center,Some employers who will have representatives on site
to take calls from job seekers, including Hewlett-Packard, or HP, with 22 jobs,
West Corp.'s call center with 100 jobs, and Dish Network's call center with
about 50 openings.Job seekers can call from 10 a.m.-7 p.m. The local number is
887-2600, and callers from outside El Paso can call 1-(866)-351-2790.-- Vic
Kolenc

___ (c)2013 the El Paso Times (El Paso, Texas) Visit the El Paso Times (El Paso,
Texas) at www.elpasotimes.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130724-EY-El-Paso-business-roundup-Sierra-Providence-CEO-named-rising-star-072
4-20130724

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EY


                   Copyright 2013 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)


                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             July 26, 2016 Tuesday

LENGTH: 735 words


Cultural Trust offers discounted tickets, presales

A chill offer from the Pittsburgh Cultural Trust could help theater, dance and
music fans forget this week's heat.

On July 28 and 29, buyers can get discounted tickets to the Peter & Paul concert
set for Sept. 17 and the Pilobus dance performances Feb. 10 and 11. Or, get
tickets to three winter stage shows not yet on public sale: "A Christmas Story:
The Musical," "Cheers Live on Stage" and "Cirque Dreams Holidaze." In addition,
there are offers from Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre, Pittsburgh Civic Light
Orchestra, Pittsburgh Opera and Pittsburgh Public Theater at
CulturalDistrict.org/xmasinjuly. To order, use the promo code XMASINJULY.

Discounts aren't applicable to previously purchased tickets.

Also July 28, fans can take a selfie with the leg lamp from "A Christmas Story"
in Market Square, Downtown, at the Pittsburgh Downtown Partnership's Farmers
Market.

"" Tribune-Review

Former PBT artistic director Wilde to enter Dance Hall of Fame

Former Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre artistic director Patricia Wilde will be
inducted into the National Museum of Dance Hall of Fame during the
organization's annual gala Aug. 13 in Saratoga Springs, N.Y. Previous honorees
include George Balanchine, Igor Stravinsky, Jerome Robbins, Rudolf Nureyev and
Mark Morris.

The museum also will curate an exhibit of memorabilia from her career.

"Patricia Wilde is a true force. Onstage, she had this captivating presence and
a speed and purity to her dancing that was something special," says her
successor, Terrence Orr.

Wilde, 88, began dancing professionally at 14 and joined the New York City
Ballet in 1950. During her 15 years as a principal dancer she worked closely
with Balanchine, who created nearly 20 roles for her.

She raised the stature of Pittsburgh Ballet Theatre during her years as artistic
director, 1982 to 1997, when she revived many Balanchine ballets. She continues
to live in Pittsburgh.

Joel Lobenthal's biography of her, "Wilde Times: Patricia Wilde, George
Balanchine and the rise of New York City Ballet," was released in June.

"" Mark Kanny

Willie Nelson launches festival in Scranton

Willie Nelson is launching a new music festival in Pennsylvania this fall, where
Neil Young and Sheryl Crow will take the stage.

Blackbird Presents announced the first Outlaw Music Festival on July 26. It will
take place Sept. 18 at The Pavilion at Montage Mountain in Scranton.

The event will feature performances from Nelson, Young and his band Promise of
the Real, Lee Ann Womack, Chris Robinson Brotherhood and Brothers Osborne.

Tickets go on sale July 29. More performers will be announced at a later date.

Nelson, 83, is one of many musicians who have curated their own music festivals,
from Jay Z to Mumford & Sons to Bon Iver.

"" Associated Press

Beyonce, Adele lead MTV VMA nominees

Beyonce and Adele are the top nominees at the MTV Video Music Awards, where
their music videos will compete against Kanye West's controversial "Famous" for
video of the year.

"Famous," Beyonce's "Formation" and Adele's "Hello" will battle Justin Bieber's
"Sorry" and Drake's "Hotline Bling" for the top prize when the VMAs air live
Aug. 28 from New York's Madison Square Garden.

West's infamous "Famous" features what appears to be naked images of the rapper
and other celebrities, including Taylor Swift, Kim Kardashian, Donald Trump and
Bill Cosby. The song is at the center of his current war with Swift.

Beyonce, though, is the overall VMA leader with 11 nominations, marking a career
best for the pop diva. Adele is up for eight awards.

Voting commenced July 26.

"" Associated Press

Michael C. Hall heads run of Bowie musical

The David Bowie musical "Lazarus" is headed to London with star Michael C. Hall
on board.

Producers said July 25 that the show will run at the King's Cross Theatre from
Oct. 25 until Jan. 22.

Bowie, who died in January, wrote "Lazarus" with Irish playwright Enda Walsh,
based on the science-fiction novel "The Man Who Fell to Earth." Bowie starred in
a 1976 film adaptation of the story of an alien stranded after coming to Earth
on a rescue mission for his dying planet.

The show, directed by Ivo van Hove, opened at the New York Theatre Workshop in
November.

Hall will reprise the lead role of Thomas Newton in the London production, which
features his U.S. co-stars Michael Esper and Sophia Anne Caruso.

"" Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           November 10, 2012 Saturday

Disney cracks down on ticket renting

BYLINE: Sarah Tully Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 397 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM



HIGHLIGHT: Theme parks now require ID for using four- to five-day passes.


  Disney's two parks here are cracking down on visitors who rent tickets from
unauthorized brokers - a practice that violates company policy.

Disneyland and Disney California Adventure recently began requiring visitors to
show identification if they are using four- to five-day park passes, which now
include their names. Previously, park employees only asked for identification
sporadically.

The company's new practice is in response to a groundswell of businesses renting
out the multiday passes by the day at discounted rates.

Disneyland Resort sells one-day tickets for those age 10 and up that allow
patrons to visit both parks for $125 each. Off-site businesses rent multiday
tickets for $90 to $99 a day.

Disney's tickets state that they are "nontransferable" and must be used by the
same person on all days. Until recently, Disney only checked tickets when
employees became suspicious.

The policy change came shortly after The Orange County Register published a
story a month ago, outlining how the businesses operate.

Suzi Brown, a Disneyland Resort spokeswoman, said the rule is in response to
recent publicity about the issue, as well as more common, aggressive tactics by
the outside businesses. For example, some employees hold signs advertising the
discount tickets on streets near the theme parks.

As of late September, at least nine businesses in the Disneyland Resort area
sold the discounted tickets. At least two of those have since shut down. Two
others declined to speak to a reporter.

Another business, Best Tickets Here, stated on its Twitter account that tickets
remained for sale: "I'm sure many of you have heard of the many changes at
Disneyland, however we want everyone to know we still have (tickets)."

Now, Disneyland Resort requires names be included on the passes. Those purchased
onsite have the names printed on them, while others are added with indelible ink
at the gates, Brown said.

Disneyland and Disney California Adventure have reserved turnstiles for four-
and five-day pass buyers, who show identification upon entering the parks.
Disney continues to work on new, additional technology to further resolve the
issue.

Walt Disney World parks in Florida and SeaWorld San Diego use biometrics - a
fingerprint scanning system - for visitors using multiday passes. But Disney has
said that strategy won't be used here.



714-704-3793 or stully@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man donning Mickey Mouse ears waves a sign advertising discounted
theme park tickets in Anaheim.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                        July 1, 2016 Friday 3:51 PM GMT

Even more Minecraft megastars to take centre stage at Manchester's Digital Kids
Show;
The two-day event is being held at Event City in October and M.E.N readers have
one last chance to get discounted tickets for a limited time

BYLINE: By Emma Gill

SECTION: WHAT'S ON

LENGTH: 877 words


Even more Minecraft megastars will be taking centre stage at a major new digital
event for families in Manchester - and M.E.N readers have one final chance to
get discounted tickets.

The Digital Kids Show is coming to Event City, Trafford, this October and will
feature computer games, coding, and CBeebies stars.

We reported last month how well-known Minecraft YouTube stars LDShadowLady,
AshDubh, SmallishBeans, Amy Lee33 and Tomohawk would be among the speakers.

What YOU need to know to keep your children safe online

Now four more Minecraft superstars have joined the line-up - and M.E.N readers
have another chance to get discounted tickets this weekend.

The new additions include Ethan Gamer, SalemsLadyM, Netty Plays and Mini Matt
Smith, aka MinecartMayhem, a 13-year-old dapper looking Doctor Who cosplayer who
styles himself on the bow tie wearing 11th incarnation of Doctor Who Matt Smith.

He will be taking along his very own officially licensed life-sized BBC Tardis
from series 5 of the hit BBC One show.

At just nine years old, Ethan, from south Manchester, is the youngest to join
the show's bill.

Age hasn't stopped him from amassing 972,465 subscribers in the three years he's
been vlogging about gaming.

The youngster vlogs about all kinds of gaming including mobile games, Roblox and
Minecraft.

To date he has had 464 million views for his content and even has his own
T-shirt range.

The two-day festival will give children - and their mums and dads - an insight
into how computing influences our lives as well as fun, games, and the chance to
play with the latest technology.

From now until midnight on Sunday readers can get £5 off all tickets through
Quay Tickets , bringing the price to £20.

Digital Kids Show founder Aisha Tilstone said: "I'm really honoured to be
hosting an event that features such talented and inspirational YouTubers.

"The current line up will appear on both days and they're all excited to meet
their fans."

Famous faces from Nickelodeon and CBeebies will be making appearances at the
event, including Mr Bloom, who will celebrate how technology can help us live
more healthily and keep track of what families are eating.

When is the right age to give your child a smartphone?

Aisha added: "Apart from the Minecraft and gaming element of the show, families
will enjoy fairground rides, VR experiences, driving lessons for 11-17 years
olds, zip wires, scooter disco, retro gaming zone, Ferrari simulator, Scalextric
app enabled car racing and much much more.

"We're providing children with the opportunity to find out how to run a
successful social media channel, explore how to keep safe online, hear from
inspirational anti-bullying ambassadors and we're even throwing in Dick and Dom
and Mr Bloom among the Who's Who of YouTube.

"This event is for 21 century families who want a great day out but also want to
embrace the digital world."

The event will see the exhibition centre split into six zones including the
Gaming and Retro Tech which will include the very best retro and next generation
computer games and tech so parents and kids can battle it out on their favourite
games.

From Mario to Minecraft there will be something for everyone and visitors will
also get a glimpse of the future being the first to experience and see some of
the latest innovation from the digital world including VR gaming and the latest
gadgets.

Another of the zones will focus on keeping children safe online.

A holiday, a car and a 6ft Womble - what Manchester kids have 'bought' with
their parents' technology

Digital, STEM and Coding Skills Zone - this exciting and innovative zone will
help to inspire children about the vast array of digital opportunities with fun,
practical challenges and experiences, kids will be able to learn and get
inspired and perhaps show their parents a trick or two.

Safe Tech Zone - this is all about helping to keep children safe online and will
provide the very latest advice to stay one step ahead of the dangers and risks
of being online, from cyber bulling to predators, hackers to viruses this zone
is all about keeping your children, your tech and you safe online.

Appletics and Kids Food Zone - while computers have had their fair share of
stick over the years, this zone celebrates the way tech can be used to aid
healthy living. From fun challenges battling it out with your avatar for the
most steps and the best at boxing to learning to cook and tracking what your
family is eating. CBeebies favourite Mr Bloom will be stopping by to say hello
and sing songs.

Children's Media Zone - kids will be able to get hands on and learn all about
blogging, vlogging and social plugging, with famous faces from Nickelodeon and
CBeebies popping by, as well as some YouTube sensations they'll be lots to learn
and loads of fun to be had from taking amazing selfies to meeting online heroes.

Digital Angels Zone - this will be set up with tech experts to help you get the
most out of the tech you have with handy tips and hints and also steer you in
the right direction if you're looking to invest in some new tech with buying
advice to get the best deal and the products that are right for you.

The show will take place on October 29 and 30, welcoming 10,000 people each day.

For more details visit www.digitalkidsshow.co.uk .

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2016 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 23, 2016 Friday

Manhattan U.S. Attorney Announces $30 Million Settlement With Total Call Mobile
For Defrauding Government Program Offering Discounted Mobile Phone Services To
Low-Income Consumers

LENGTH: 1520  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: Office for the United States Attorneys,Southern District of New
York has issued the following news release:



   Preet Bharara, the United States Attorney for the Southern District of New
York, and Travis LeBlanc, Federal Communications Commission ("FCC") Enforcement
Bureau Chief, announced today a $30 million settlement of a civil fraud lawsuit
against TOTAL CALL MOBILE, LLC ("TOTAL CALL"), for defrauding the Lifeline
Program, a federal government subsidy program that offers discounted mobile
phone services to eligible low-income consumers.  TOTAL CALL, based in Gardena,
California, has enrolled Lifeline subscribers in 19 states and territories.  The
United States' Complaint alleges that Total Call, with the knowledge and
involvement of its affiliate, co-defendant LOCUS TELECOMMUNICATIONS, LLC, and
their shared corporate parent, co-defendant KDDI AMERICA, INC., knowingly
submitted false claims for federal payments by seeking reimbursement for
consumers who did not meet Lifeline eligibility requirements.  As part of the
settlement, TOTAL CALL admitted and accepted responsibility for conduct alleged
in the Complaint, including seeking reimbursement for tens of thousands of
ineligible consumers, and agreed to no longer participate in the Lifeline
Program.  The payment also resolves an administrative investigation conducted by
the FCC, and the FCC has entered into a separate administrative agreement with
TOTAL CALL as part of this global settlement.





 Manhattan U.S. Attorney Preet Bharara said:  "By routinely looking the other
way while its sales agents repeatedly engaged in obvious fraud, Total Call
Mobile undermined the goals and depleted the resources of a federal subsidy
program designed to provide discounted phone services to low-income individuals.
While it certified its compliance with FCC rules, Total Call enrolled and
claimed federal payments for tens of thousands of consumers who did not qualify
for the program."



 FCC Enforcement Bureau Chief Travis LeBlanc said:  "We have no toleration for
fraud.  This unprecedented $30 million settlement along with a permanent ban
from the Lifeline Program affirms our commitment to pursue the strongest
sanctions for those who defraud or abuse the Universal Service program.  We
thank our partners at the Department of Justice for working with us to make sure
that companies that commit fraud are held accountable to the fullest extent of
the law."



 To be eligible for the Lifeline Program, a consumer must have income that is at
or below 135% of the Federal Poverty Guidelines or participate in one of a
number of specified federal, state, or Tribal assistance programs.  Eligible
Telecommunications Carriers ("ETCs"), such as TOTAL CALL, receive monthly
federal payments for providing discounted phone services to qualified consumers.
As a condition of receiving these payments, an ETC must comply with regulations
established by the FCC, which, among other things, require the implementation of
policies and procedures for ensuring that enrolled subscribers are eligible for
the program and that households do not receive more than one Lifeline phone.
ETCs must certify their compliance with Lifeline rules as part of an annual
reporting requirement and with each monthly request for payment.



 As alleged in the Complaint filed in Manhattan federal court:



 TOTAL CALL relied primarily on in-person sales events to enroll consumers in
the Lifeline Program.  The company contracted with "master agents," who in turn
hired "field agents" to engage in face-to-face marketing at public events and
spaces.  These field agents were expected to enter electronically a consumer's
demographic information and capture images of the consumer's proof of
identification and proof of eligibility for the Lifeline Program (e.g., Medicaid
card, food stamp card).  TOTAL CALL had access to the information entered by the
field agents.



 TOTAL CALL, with the knowledge and involvement of the other defendants, engaged
in a widespread practice of seeking federal reimbursement for consumers who did
not meet Lifeline's eligibility requirements.  TOTAL CALL field agents employed
a range of fraudulent enrollment practices, including repeatedly using the same
eligibility proof to enroll multiple consumers, tampering with identification or
eligibility proof documentation, intentionally altering the way consumer
information was input so as to avoid the detection of duplicate subscriber
enrollments, and submitting false consumer addresses and social security
numbers.  Although TOTAL CALL's managers were notified that high volume field
agents were engaging in blatantly fraudulent enrollment practices, TOTAL CALL
continued to approve and seek federal reimbursement for consumers enrolled by
these agents.



 In addition, defendants failed to implement effective procedures and systems
for preventing the enrollment of duplicate or otherwise ineligible Lifeline
subscribers.  In many instances, even a cursory review of the submitted
information and documentation or a straightforward search of the existing
customer database would have shown that an application was faulty and should be
denied.  However, to maximize enrollments and meet its aggressive sales targets,
TOTAL CALL approved applications with little or no scrutiny, and then submitted
grossly inflated reimbursement requests with false certifications of compliance
with Lifeline rules.



 Today, U.S. District Court Judge Jed S. Rakoff approved a settlement
stipulation to resolve the Government's claims against the defendants.  Under
the settlement, defendants are required to pay approximately $22.54 million to
the United States, and to forego payment of approximately $7.46 million in
Lifeline reimbursements claimed by TOTAL CALL but held by the Government
pursuant to a prior FCC Order.  Further, TOTAL CALL has agreed to cease
providing Lifeline services by December 31, 2016, and not to participate in the
Lifeline Program in the future.



 As part of the settlement, TOTAL CALL admits, acknowledges, and accepts
responsibility for the following conduct:



     TOTAL CALL failed to implement effective policies and procedures to ensure
the eligibility of the subscribers for whom TOTAL CALL requested reimbursement
for Lifeline discounts, as required by Lifeline rules.





     For much of the period from September 2012 to May 2016, defendants
allocated insufficient staff and resources to verifying the eligibility of
Lifeline subscribers, and failed to adequately screen and train the field
agents.





      Hundreds of TOTAL CALL field agents engaged in fraudulent practices to
enroll consumers who were duplicate subscribers or who were otherwise not
eligible for the Lifeline Program.  TOTAL CALL failed to put in place effective
mechanisms to oversee the conduct of field agents and detect and prevent field
agent abuses.

         Certain field agents repeatedly used the same benefit program
eligibility proof to enroll multiple consumers.  Agents frequently enrolled
several different individuals by submitting an image of the same improperly
obtained program eligibility card or, in some instances, a fake program
eligibility card.

         Certain field agents slightly altered the way in which a subscriber's
demographic information was input to avoid having TOTAL CALL identify the
application as a duplicate.

         Certain field agents tampered with identification or program
eligibility cards, and intentionally transmitted blurry or partial images of the
documentation, to try to conceal the fact that the information on the
documentation did not match the subscriber's actual name or the other
information on the Lifeline application.

         Certain field agents provided their own signature, printed their own
name, or wrote a straight or curvy line where the prospective subscriber's
signature was supposed to appear on Lifeline applications.

         Certain field agents submitted false consumer addresses and social
security numbers to enroll duplicate or otherwise ineligible subscribers.







     At the time that TOTAL CALL submitted many of its monthly remittance
requests, TOTAL CALL knew that its policies and procedures for reviewing
Lifeline applications, verifying consumer eligibility, conducting duplicate
checks, and detecting duplicate subscribers were deficient.





     TOTAL CALL sought and received reimbursement for tens of thousands of
consumers who did not meet the Lifeline eligibility requirements.







 In connection with the filing of the lawsuit and settlement, the Government
joined a private whistleblower lawsuit that had previously been filed under seal
pursuant to the False Claims Act.



 Mr. Bharara thanks the FCC's Office of Inspector General and the FCC's
Enforcement Bureau for their investigative efforts and assistance with the case.




 The case is being handled by the Office's Civil Frauds Unit.  Assistant U.S.
Attorneys Jeffrey K. Powell and Jessica Jean Hu are in charge of the case.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            December 19, 1993 Sunday

LENGTH: 408 words


Soldiers get hero's welcome FORT DRUM, N.Y. (AP) Ä Soldiers returning from
Somalia arrived at Fort Drum on Saturday to a hero's welcome, thankful to be
home in time for Christmas. Hundreds of relatives and friends packed a gym at
this northern New York Army post during a ceremony to greet nearly 450 members
of the 2nd Battalion 14th Infantry Regiment. Army Chief of Staff General Gordon
R. Sullivan told the returning troops they represented ""the proudest traditions
of the U.S. Army.'' ""This is the best Christmas gift I could receive. Nothing
can top this,'' said Staff Sgt. Kevin Cook of Lodi, Calif., as he embraced his
wife. There was an extra person on hand to welcome home Sgt. David Dulen Ä his
2-month-old daughter Jessica. He had never seen her. ""I've been dreaming about
this moment,'' Dulen said as he held the child. ""Not too long ago, I thought
this was going to be the worst Christmas of my life. Now it's the best.''

More Americans using seat belts WASHINGTON (AP) Ä A record number of Americans
strapped on seat belts this year, a trend advocates attribute to tougher
restraint laws in some states, the Department of Transportation said Saturday.
The 1993 figure was 66 percent, an increase over 62 percent in 1992 and 59
percent in 1991, the first year the survey was done in the current format.
Transportation Secretary Federico Pena said the rise translates into 500 lives
saved and more than 14,000 serious injuries avoided in 1993. ""Untold pain and
suffering and more than $1 billion in health care and other costs to society
also were avoided,'' he said. Pena said his goal is to get 75 percent of drivers
and passengers to use seat belts by 1997.

Analyst discounted Haitian terror MIAMI (AP) Ä A CIA analyst discounted reports
of terror in Haiti and praised two coup leaders after the ouster of the nation's
first democratically elected president, a newspaper reported Saturday. The
analyst, Brian Latell, said he saw ""no evidence of oppressive rule'' or mass
killings of civilians by Haiti's military rulers during a visit in July 1992,
according to a secret CIA memo obtained by The Miami Herald. Another report by
Latell and CIA Director James Woolsey said that ousted Haitian President
Jean-Bertrand Aristide was treated for mental illness in Montreal in the 1980s
have been discounted by several U.S. lawmakers.

CUTLINE ASSOCIATED PRESS Sgt. David Dulen meets his 2-month-old daughter
Jessica. He had never seen her.

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1993 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 18, 2010 Wednesday

NP offering football ticket discount

BYLINE: Megan Reiter, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Aug. 18--NP cuts game

ticket prices

MOSCOW -- North Pocono families can spend time on the sidelines for a discounted
price this season.

The school board recently approved football ticket prices for individual and
family discounts between $3 and $10 that will apply to five home games for the
fall 2010 North Pocono Trojans football season.

The discounted prices are $12 for an individual; family of three with two
adults, $35; family of four with two adults, $42; and family of five with two
adults, $50.

Additionally, North Pocono senior citizens can obtain passes to attend any home
football game or other school-sponsored events such as concerts, plays or
graduation, for free.

"The reduced prices can hopefully be a reason we see more faces at our events,"
Board President Ralph Colo said during the recent meeting.

Director Jerry Maglio, board athletic committee chairman, thought up the idea
for the game discounts. He wants to foster community involvement in a way that
also shows support for student athletics.

"Our goal is to create a sense of community," Mr. Maglio said. "We want everyone
to be viewed as North Pocono, not as the nine different townships that make up
the North Pocono School District."

The discounted passes and senior passes are good only for games played on North
Pocono's home turf and under the district's jurisdiction.

So far, Mr. Maglio said the community seems excited about the discounts, and
what he describes as a "renewed enthusiasm" in North Pocono's athletic
department.

"It is really evident that we are really going to highlight our kids in our
athletic department, as well as academically this year," Mr. Maglio said.

A similar reduced ticket package should be available for basketball season. The
discounted football packages will be available starting Friday. Interested
parties should contact John Marichak, dean of students, at the high school
during regular business hours. Only cash will be accepted. Senior passes may be
obtained at the district office.

Contact the writer: mreiter@timesshamrock.com

To see more of The Times-Tribune or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.thetimes-tribune.com/. Copyright (c) 2010, The Times-Tribune,
Scranton, Pa. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com, e-mail
services@mctinfoservices.com, or call 866-280-5210 (outside the United States,
call +1 312-222-4544).

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100818-YT-NP-offering-football-ticket-discount-20100818

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Tribune


                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Pennsylvania: Misericordia and Geisinger collaborate on discounted tuition
program for undergraduate, graduate nurses

LENGTH: 600  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Harrisburg: Misericordia University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the
following news release:



 Misericordia University and Geisinger Health System have partnered to offer
discounted tuition to Geisinger employees interested in growing their careers by
enrolling in the undergraduate and graduate nursing programs beginning with the
spring semester.





 The agreement allows Geisinger nurses who wish to earn a Bachelor of Science in
Nursing (BSN) degree to enroll in the RN to BSN program. BSN registered nurses
also can work toward an advanced practice degree. Misericordia University is
offering the Master of Science in Nursing (MSN)-Family Nurse Practitioner, MSN
to Doctor of Nurse Practice (DNP), and BSN to DNP degrees. The program also
includes the Part-Time Accelerated Evening BSN program. The discounted tuition
ranges from 20 to 30 percent for eligible participants.



 "The Geisinger name is synonymous with quality patient care and innovative
health care practices,'' said Thomas J. Botzman, Ph.D., president of
Misericordia University. "We are proud to partner with Geisinger and play a role
in the system's ongoing efforts to offer a highly trained and educated nursing
staff for their patients.''



 "This valuable partnership with Misericordia University supports our nurses'
efforts to broaden their academic knowledge, to keep current with changes in
their field and to increase their potential for growth within Geisinger,'' said
Maryann E. Cortese-Rubino, Geisinger northeast associate vice president for
nursing services. "Nurses are on the front lines of health care, and this
partnership helps our nurses to continue providing quality, compassionate care
for our patients.''



 The discounts may be combined with other scholarships and awards.



 Geisinger continues to offer tuition reimbursement to all employees for
work-related courses and degrees. Employees who satisfactorily complete the
course can receive an annual reimbursement up to $2,500.



 Misericordia University features the oldest nursing program in the area and
graduates more students in the health sciences than any other college or
university in Northeastern Pennsylvania. The University offers three
undergraduate nursing programs: traditional, full-time nursing students;
part-time accelerated evening program for adult students; and the RN to BSN
Expressway Program. The undergraduate nursing programs are designed to meet the
special educational and scheduling needs of adult and traditional students. They
all lead to the Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) degree.



 The MSN nursing program is designed to meet the special needs of current BSN
registered nurses who desire an advanced practice specialization as a family
nurse practitioner. Misericordia also offers a post-master's certificate as a
family nurse practitioner for nurses who already have an advanced clinical
master's degree and who wish to change or expand their practice focus to primary
care. Nurse practitioners are registered nurses with advanced education in
health assessment, diagnosis and management of acute and chronic health
conditions with expertise in health promotion and disease prevention. Graduate
programming leads to the MSN and provides course work in a convenient part-time,
one-day-a-week format.



 The University also offers an online Doctor of Nursing Practice degree program
in two formats to accommodate the needs of busy health care professionals and in
response to a growing national need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 21, 2015 Monday

Pennsylvania: Misericordia and Geisinger collaborate on discounted tuition
program for undergraduate, graduate nurses

LENGTH: 600  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Harrisburg: Misericordia University, The State of Pennsylvania has issued the
following news release:



 Misericordia University and Geisinger Health System have partnered to offer
discounted tuition to Geisinger employees interested in growing their careers by
enrolling in the undergraduate and graduate nursing programs beginning with the
spring semester.





 The agreement allows Geisinger nurses who wish to earn a Bachelor of Science in
Nursing (BSN) degree to enroll in the RN to BSN program. BSN registered nurses
also can work toward an advanced practice degree. Misericordia University is
offering the Master of Science in Nursing (MSN)-Family Nurse Practitioner, MSN
to Doctor of Nurse Practice (DNP), and BSN to DNP degrees. The program also
includes the Part-Time Accelerated Evening BSN program. The discounted tuition
ranges from 20 to 30 percent for eligible participants.



 "The Geisinger name is synonymous with quality patient care and innovative
health care practices,'' said Thomas J. Botzman, Ph.D., president of
Misericordia University. "We are proud to partner with Geisinger and play a role
in the system's ongoing efforts to offer a highly trained and educated nursing
staff for their patients.''



 "This valuable partnership with Misericordia University supports our nurses'
efforts to broaden their academic knowledge, to keep current with changes in
their field and to increase their potential for growth within Geisinger,'' said
Maryann E. Cortese-Rubino, Geisinger northeast associate vice president for
nursing services. "Nurses are on the front lines of health care, and this
partnership helps our nurses to continue providing quality, compassionate care
for our patients.''



 The discounts may be combined with other scholarships and awards.



 Geisinger continues to offer tuition reimbursement to all employees for
work-related courses and degrees. Employees who satisfactorily complete the
course can receive an annual reimbursement up to $2,500.



 Misericordia University features the oldest nursing program in the area and
graduates more students in the health sciences than any other college or
university in Northeastern Pennsylvania. The University offers three
undergraduate nursing programs: traditional, full-time nursing students;
part-time accelerated evening program for adult students; and the RN to BSN
Expressway Program. The undergraduate nursing programs are designed to meet the
special educational and scheduling needs of adult and traditional students. They
all lead to the Bachelor of Science in Nursing (BSN) degree.



 The MSN nursing program is designed to meet the special needs of current BSN
registered nurses who desire an advanced practice specialization as a family
nurse practitioner. Misericordia also offers a post-master's certificate as a
family nurse practitioner for nurses who already have an advanced clinical
master's degree and who wish to change or expand their practice focus to primary
care. Nurse practitioners are registered nurses with advanced education in
health assessment, diagnosis and management of acute and chronic health
conditions with expertise in health promotion and disease prevention. Graduate
programming leads to the MSN and provides course work in a convenient part-time,
one-day-a-week format.



 The University also offers an online Doctor of Nursing Practice degree program
in two formats to accommodate the needs of busy health care professionals and in
response to a growing national need.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            November 26, 2006 Sunday

Deals

SECTION: TR; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 352 words


Forty Fairmont Hotels & Resorts in seven countries have discounted ``Only One
Way'' winter rates for stays through April 30. Additionally, 17 of the chain's
city center hotels -- including San Jose and San Francisco -- are offering a
free third night, and 13 resorts are offering a free fourth night; deadline to
book is Dec. 18. For example, Fairmont Empress, on the Inner Harbor in Victoria,
British Columbia, has rates starting at about $119 per night and is offering a
free third night. Holiday blackout dates apply. (800) 262-1600,
www.fairmont.com/winter.

Book a ``Happy Feet'' stay at a participating Doubletree Hotel for any date from
now through Dec. 31 and receive four ticket vouchers (two adult, two children)
to see the ``Happy Feet'' film free. Vouchers must be redeemed by Jan. 29. (800)
222-TREE, www.doubletree.com/ happyfeet.

Heading to Washington, D.C.? In nearby Arlington, Va., 14 hotels are offering
discounted rates starting at $69 per night, plus a $50 gift card for the
Pentagon Row shopping center, shopping and dining coupons, and a welcome gift.
Promotion valid for Friday-Saturday stays through Jan. 7. www.stay arlington.com
.

Stay at Drury Hotels this holiday season at rates starting at $49.99 per night.
Offer valid for Thursday-Sunday stays now through Jan. 14 and stays any day of
the week for travel Monday or Dec. 18-31. Use promotion code ``CHEERS'' when
booking. (800) 378-7946, www.holidaysatdrury. com.

Hampton Inn guests can receive nightly hotel rates starting at $85, an
e-certificate for 10 percent off at Target.com and 250 bonus Hilton HHonors
points. Reservations must be made online by Dec. 31, for stays through Jan. 29.
Enter promotion code ``TARGET'' at www.hamptoninn.com.

Homewood Suites is offering weekend rates starting at $79 per night. Offer valid
for Thursday-Sunday stays through Jan. 21. Use promotion code ``HWH'' when
booking. (800) 225-5466, www. homewoodsuites.com.

Get a third night free for stays at a Marriott in Florida. Valid Dec. 15-27. Use
promotion code ``D55'' when booking. (888) 236-2427, www. marriott.com.

From Mercury News staff and wire reports

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 1, 2001 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

TRAVEL ADVISORY;
Austrian Airlines Sells Discount Coupons

SECTION: Section 5; Column 3; Travel Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 202 words


Austrian Airlines is offering discounted travel throughout Europe with its
Discover Europe Pass. Bought in conjunction with a round-trip ticket from North
America to Vienna, the pass consists of coupons for up to 10 flights within
Europe and Russia.

The minimum purchase of three coupons costs $349. Up to seven additional coupons
may be bought for $99 each. Coupons for accompanying children are discounted by
one-third.

Destinations must be determined in advance, although changes can be made for a
$50 fee. Advance reservations are required for coupon use, but changes in the
schedule may be made, subject to availability, at no extra cost.

Coupons of the Discover Europe Pass are valid for travel to five additional
destinations within Austria and 68 cities in more than 25 countries in Europe.
Travel is on Austrian Airlines, Tyrolean Airways and Lauda Air, members of the
Austrian Airlines Group. Each stop requires a layover of at least 24 hours. All
travel must be done within three months of arriving in Vienna and completed by
Dec. 31.

Austrian Airlines flies nonstop to Vienna from New York, Washington, Chicago and
Toronto. For information and reservations: (800) 843-0002 or
www.austrianair.com.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 26, 2010 Thursday
                                 VVoice Edition

IN BRIEF;

BYLINE: From local reports<P>

SECTION: V; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 426 words


<b>GOOD NEIGHBOR DAY BLOOMS AGAIN</b>

<b>SPOKANE VALLEY</b> - Appleway Florist and Greenhouse, 11006 E. Sprague Ave.,
will give away a dozen flowers to visitors of the flower shop on Wednesday, in
honor of Good Neighbor Day.

Beginning at 10 a.m., the event is an opportunity for residents of Spokane
Valley to meet each other and help those in need. Monty Lewis, the owner of
Appleway Florist, has asked that participants of Good Neighbor Day bring a
nonperishable food item to benefit the Spokane Valley Partners Food Bank.

For more information, call (509) 924-5050 or visit www.applewayflorist.com.

<b>ANNUAL DANCE CENTER SALMON FEED SUNDAY</b>

<b>SPOKANE VALLEY</b> - The Western Dance Association will host its 54th annual
Salmon Barbecue on Sunday at the Western Dance Center in Sullivan Park, 1901 N.
Sullivan Road, from noon to 4 p.m.

The barbecue includes a salmon dinner and live entertainment.

Cost is $10 for adults, $9 for seniors and $6 for children younger than12.

For tickets and more information, call (509) 328-5654 or (208) 773-1851.

<b>DISCOUNTED FAIR TICKETS NOW AVAILABLE</b>

<b>SPOKANE VALLEY</b> - Discounted preseason tickets for the 2010 Spokane County
Interstate Fair areon sale and will be available at the discounted price through
Sept. 9. The fair will be Sept. 10 through Sept. 19.

Ticket prices: adult, $7 preseason/$10 at the gate; senior tickets (65 and
over), $5 preseason/$7 at the gate; juniors (7 to 13), $5 preseason/ $7 at the
gate; children 6 and under are free.

Group tickets are available at the discounted price of $5 each through Friday.
Groups of 20 or more are required to receive the group ticket price.

Family packs are available for $39. Packs are available at local Safeway stores.

Tickets are on sale at the Spokane County Interstate Fair office, 404 N. Havana
St. The office is open Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. through 4:30 p.m.
Tickets are also available online at TicketsWest at www.ticketswest.com and at
TicketsWest outlets.

<b>INDIAN ENCAMPMENT, POWWOW AT PARK</b>

<b>DOWNTOWN SPOKANE</b> - The 21st annual Spokane Falls Northwest Indian
Encampment and Pow Wow will be held at Riverfront ParkFriday and Saturday.

The event will feature arts, crafts, and food. Grand entry for the dance
competitions and drum contests will be at 7 p.m. on Friday and Saturday at 1 and
7 p.m. The celebration will also include a "Run for Health" Fun Run on Saturday.
Registration is at 8 a.m. and the runbegins at 9 a.m.

Admission is free for spectators.

For more information, call (509) 535-0886.

<b>TYPE:</b> Briefs

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           February 27, 2010 Saturday

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 908 words


Expensive flick

The cost of basic entertainment today is terrible.

I went with a friend and my nephew to movie at Hollywood Theatres here in Topeka
last month. I had purchased discounted movie tickets at AAA of Kansas, but when
I handed them to the ticket clerk at the theater she told me I owed an
additional $9. I was "deer in the headlights" shell shocked.

When I asked why I owed $9, she told me the movie we were going to see was in 3D
and we would need the 3D glasses to watch it, which were $3 each. She did note
that I saved $3 per ticket by purchasing the discounted tickets ahead of time.

That didn't make me feel any better. I wasn't planning to pay anything more to
watch a movie. That's why I purchased the discounted tickets in the first place.
If I hadn't, I would have paid $13 per person to watch the movie. Ouch! And if
you add drinks and snacks to the mix, wow!

To finish it off, at the end of the movie a theater employee was there to
collect the 3D glasses, which I thought I had bought. I say "bought" because the
window clerk didn't say the $3 was a rental fee. That should have been mentioned
at the window. And our $3 rental fee, or at least half of it, should have been
refunded when they collected the glasses after the movie. Or better yet, go back
to the cheap cardboard 3D glasses and provide them free. Fancy glasses do not
make for a better movie.

This is an outrage. No wonder people stop going to the main movie theater in
favor of the discounted theaters.

JERRY LONEY, Topeka

Freedoms lost

I spent more than 21 years in the Army, supposedly protecting and conserving the
freedoms we Americans cherish so dearly. Since I retired in 1974, my eyes have
slowly opened to the fact that socialistic fascists have taken over America.

A socialistic fascist can only be described as an admirer and lover of Joseph
Stalin and Adolph Hitler. These un-American individuals have been quietly
elected or appointed to high places and have changed the laws, rules and
regulations to suit their idea of what is good for us, and make us comply or
else. There is no longer any freedom of choice. Business owners have no choice
whether to go nonsmoking. They will comply or face a fine and jail sentence.
Isn't life great?

I, and likely thousands of other veterans, question whether our service to this
country - to protect the freedoms we all take for granted - was really worth the
sacrifice, effort and dedication.

You will eventually believe as I do when your basic freedoms and freedom of
choice are taken away from you. Just wait, the worst is yet to come.

DEE R. ROSS, Manhattan

Myth of democracy

In America, government by the people is becoming a mythological creature. Much
like the unicorn, democracy represents ideals we mere mortals can only dream of.

As long as we allow money to control the elections and legislation of this
country, democracy will remain a myth.

How can we criticize the elections of other nations while we permit our own to
be bought?

ARMAND WAY, Topeka

Happy ending

The Topeka Metropolitan Transit Authority changed some bus routes at the
beginning of the year, and the No. 4 route was altered to send the bus from S.W.
Washburn Avenue west on S.W. Munson Avenue to S.W. Mulvane Street and then north
on Mulvane to S.W. 10th Street.

When Elmhurst Neighborhood residents saw buses going down Mulvane Street, we
wondered why a bus would be traveling through a residential area with a busy
church, elementary school, four day care centers and parking on both sides of
the street. Heavy snow confounded the situation further.

Several neighbors made inquiries. Happily, messages were answered and open
discussion began.

Today, the buses of route No. 4 are still serving the needs of the people
without traveling down our street. A happy ending for the Elmhurst Neighborhood
and the TMTA is a wonderful example of what can be accomplished by an entity
that is willing to listen and citizens who can talk without shouting.

JEFF MCKEEVER, Topeka

Health care solution

I think much of the problem in the health care industry rests with management.
Why do I think this? Because doctors are trained to follow their instincts and
not think. It's the same kind of training the military uses.

The doctors want to do a lot of testing that may or may not be productive,
although it produces revenue. Patients have to assume some responsibility for
this and should question the value of testing and procedures.

But the doctors, administrators and associated personnel in the health care
industry should show more respect for the people who provide the funds to pay
their salaries - the patients.

Then, there are the greedy lawyers always ready to file a lawsuit seeking
monetary damages. I'm not opposed to paying damages for injuries, but they
convince jurors that the person or corporation being sued is wealthy and can
afford to pay. But who really pays? We do, because it drives up the cost of
health care.

Newsman Paul Harvey often said that if an industry did not police itself, the
government would step in and do the policing. Isn't that what is happening to
health care? I think it would be a disaster, and I don't want to see any more
government control over my life.

The president and Congress decided to borrow money to bail out insurance
companies, stockbrokers, banks, General Motors and Chrysler. However, they want
to take over health care.

The problems with health care could be solved by good management practices.

DUANE L. GUY, Topeka

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            April 29, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cardinals sue local nonprofit, alleging it scalped tickets intended for charity

BYLINE:  By Jennifer S. Mann St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 357 words


ST. LOUIS o The St. Louis Cardinals are suing a nonprofit for fraud, alleging
that it scalped thousands of choice game tickets for a profit that were supposed
to be used to support youth baseball.

The Leagues of Extraordinary Gentlemen, which according to the suit runs the
Lewis & Clark Baseball League, was allotted 3,500 tickets last year at a
discounted price through the team's Cardinals Care program, the suit says. The
program provides cash grants and discounted tickets to youth-focused charities.

The tickets were supposed to be used for fundraising efforts to support youth
participation in amateur baseball, according to the suit. Cardinals Care asks
that they either be used by friends, family and supporters of the organization,
or be sold at up to face value as part of fundraising for the organization.

Instead, the suit contends, the charity began selling the tickets for above face
value on StubHub, an online ticket exchange. The suit notes that many of the
tickets were for high-demand games, including a May 26 matchup against the New
York Yankees during what was shortstop Derek Jeter's final season.

The Cardinals learned of the charity's actions on July 18, according to the
suit, and demanded the return of the remaining tickets. By then, the suit
contends, the charity had sold 1,723 tickets on StubHub for $122,270 - $40,475
of which was obtained from tickets sold above face value.

The suit, which makes a range of claims including breach of contract and fraud,
is seeking to recover the $40,475 so that it can be used for charity as the
program intended. It also asks for attorney fees and any additional amount that
the court might award. The charity has so far refused to return the money, the
suit alleges. The petition was filed in St. Louis Circuit Court last week.

Nicholas Mahrt, listed as president of the St. Louis-based nonprofit and the
listed seller of the tickets, declined to comment Tuesday. None of the group's
listed board members could be reached.

Paul Grote, one of the attorneys for the Cardinals on the suit, declined to
comment on the pending matters, saying that "the allegations speak for
themselves."

LOAD-DATE: April 29, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter (facing) talks with Cardinals hall of
famer Ozzie Smith before the game against the Cardinals on Monday, May 26, 2014
at Busch Stadium in St. Louis. Photo by Huy Mach, hmach@post-dispatch.com
Yankees shortstop Derek Jeter gets a standing ovation from the crowd at his
first at-bat in the first inning on Monday, May 26, 2014 at Busch Stadium in St.
Louis. Yankees won 6-4. Photo by Huy Mach, hmach@post-dispatch.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           December 18, 2007 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Holiday Specials

BYLINE: By JANE L. LEVERE

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 961 words


For anyone who has to travel for work while everyone else is celebrating the
holiday season, there is a silver lining: hotels that cater to business
travelers are charging deeply discounted rates.

That is true even in cities where you may  least expect it, like New York and
London.

It is a simple matter of supply and demand. Because business travel is so slow
in late December and early January,  occupancy rates are unusually low at hotels
that cater to it. To compensate, the hotels often slash rates. Bjorn Hanson, a
lodging analyst for PricewaterhouseCoopers, estimates that these hotels can cut
their regular  rates by 35 to 50 percent.

Hotels of all types are offering deals,   from big convention hotels managed by
companies like Marriott and Hilton to luxury hotels run by Four Seasons and
Ritz-Carlton or represented by marketing companies like Small Luxury Hotels or
Leading Hotels of the World.

Wes Lyons, a systems analyst for Enterprise Integration, an information
technology consulting company in Alexandria, Va., is  taking advantage of lower
room rates this December. Mr. Lyons, who lives in Arab, Ala., and travels often
on business to Washington,  stayed at the Embassy Suites in Alexandria, Va.,
last Thursday and Friday, paying the AAA discounted rate of $135 a night instead
of the usual $260.  Ordinarily, he  stays farther outside  Washington, where the
hotel rates are less expensive.

He also chose to spend Saturday night at the Hilton Garden Inn in downtown
Washington, paying the deeply discounted AAA rate of $99 a night.

''I've never been to Washington at Christmas, and I wanted to see the tree and
decorations,'' he said. ''I don't normally extend my business trips.''

Stephen Brandman, co-owner of Thompson Hotels, a boutique hotel company based in
New York, said that offering deep discounts during the holiday period was
''truly a supply and demand issue.'' He added: ''We try to maximize the yield of
every room in our system. We're willing to sacrifice rate as long as it's
balanced with stronger occupancy.''

He said that in New York, in particular,  room rates during  the first two weeks
of December were ''higher than in most parts of the year.'' But once the last
holiday shopping weekend is over, ''the demand drops, and we lower prices
accordingly.''

Thus, the least expensive room at 60 Thompson, run by Thompson Hotels, is $379 a
night until Dec.  30 and from Jan. 1 to 7. The  nondiscounted rate is ordinarily
$779.

Also in New York, a standard room at the Millenium Hilton hotel in Lower
Manhattan is $369 through Jan. 31, compared with  $579 in early December. A
standard room at the Hilton New York  in Midtown Manhattan is $299 through Dec.
21 and $239 from Jan. 1 to 12, compared with  $489 during earlier peak periods.

Similar discounts are available in many other top business travel cities, both
in the United States and overseas.

In the Washington area, a standard room at the JW Marriott Hotel on Pennsylvania
Avenue is $339 through Jan. 12, when the rate will go up to at least $389. The
Ritz-Carlton  Tysons Corner, in McLean, Va., is offering its $179 weekend rate
the nights of Dec. 20 through Dec. 30.

The Ritz-Carlton New Orleans is offering a $149 rate through Dec. 29; its
standard room rate is $409. And the Four Seasons Resort and Club in Dallas is
charging $185 on select nights through Dec.  28 for a room with a king-size bed,
ordinarily $380.

Boutique hotels are also offering discounts, among them Indigo hotels in Atlanta
and Chicago, which are cutting their lowest unrestricted room rate by 30
percent, and the Glenn Hotel in Atlanta, where the standard room is $129 through
Dec. 29, down from $229.

Deals are also available overseas.  Gitta Bruckmann, regional vice president for
sales and marketing in Continental Europe for Marriott International, said that
70 percent of Marriott's  business travel hotels in the region offer discounts
from mid-December through mid-January, cutting the nondiscounted rate by 20 to
40 percent.

A standard room at the London Marriott Hotel Park Lane is $:199 ($402) on most
nights through Jan.  7, down from $:295.  In Milan, the Principe di Savoia is
charging 275 to 300 euros  ($396 to $432) for a standard room through the month
of December, compared with  the nondiscounted rate of 590 euros; this rate is
available only through the hotel's Web site.

And in Asia and Australia, many Shangri-La hotels are offering significant
discounts from the third week of December through the first week of January: A
standard room at the Shangri-La Hotel Sydney is $242, down from $430, while the
standard room rate at the Pudong Shangri-La in Shanghai is $277, reduced from
$439.

To find the best rates, Tim Winship, editor-at-large of SmarterTravel.com,
suggests contacting the hotels directly. ''More often than not, hotels don't
make a lot of noise about discounts. It's up to you to find out,'' he said.

Mr. Hanson also recommended checking rates often and aggressively negotiating
for the best deals.

''Start making inquiries now,'' he said. ''If you don't find a great deal, wait
a little longer. There's a higher probability rates will decrease rather than
increase. And rates are more negotiable at this time of year, so a little extra
bargaining is likely to result in further savings.''

Of course, a great deal for one traveler may not necessarily be a great deal for
another.  Consider for example,  rate reductions on suites at some hotels in New
York. On most nights through Jan. 7, the least expensive suite at 60 Thompson is
$850, down from $1,750. The Trump International Hotel & Tower, meanwhile, is
charging $750 for a one-bedroom suite during the first quarter of 2008. The
usual nondiscounted rate is $1,400.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Ritz-Carlton New Orleans, top, is offering a $149 rate
through Dec. 29
 its standard room rate is $409. At 60 Thompson, above, a boutique hotel in New
York, rates decline after the Christmas shopping period. (PHOTOGRAPH BY LORI
WASELCHUK FOR THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 30, 1998, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

THE MARKETS: STOCKS & BONDS;
Wall St. Is Bolstered by Strengthened Overseas Trading

BYLINE: By SHARON R. KING

SECTION: Section D; Page 8; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 731 words


An end-of-quarter buying spree and lack of concern about coming economic reports
pushed major stock market indexes higher yesterday.

Wall Street was also bolstered as stronger markets overseas, especially in Asia,
eased some investors' concerns about the drag those economies could have on
United States corporate profits.

Japan and most other Asian stock markets were higher, buoyed by news that a
widely followed survey of Japanese business managers, known as the tankan,
showed the businessmen were more optimistic than expected that business
conditions in that country would improve within the next three months.

On the domestic economic front, however, Asia's current recession, left many
investors confident that the Federal Reserve is unlikely to lift short-term
interest rates at the end of its two-day policy-making session, which begins
today. Investors also showed little concern, traders said, that the June
employment report, due out Thursday, would rattle the stock market.

Although stocks finished higher yesterday, investor selling throughout the day
pushed market indexes off the day's highs. The selling was evidence, analysts
said, that while the near-term scenario appears rosy, a dose of skepticism
remains about the outlook for corporate profits in the second half of the year.

After gaining more than 100 points, the Dow Jones industrial average closed at
8,997.36, up 52.82 points. The Standard & Poor's 500-stock index rose 5.29
points, to 1,138.49, and the Nasdaq composite index gained 21.55 points, to
1,891.08.

"People are still concerned about Asia, but it's not a day-to-day thing," said
Robert Basel, head of listed trading at Salomon Smith Barney.

Most investors' attention will be focused on second-quarter earnings reports in
the next few weeks, he said. Over all, the feeling is that "now you'll get the
good news" since most companies that anticipated an earnings decline have
already warned of shortfalls, he said.

Analysts' forecasts compiled by the First Call Corporation, a Boston-based
research firm, call for the earnings of companies that make up the Standard &
Poor's 500 index to grow by about 3.6 percent in the second quarter.

Since those earnings numbers have been reduced from about 12 percent at the
beginning of the year, most companies should meet or exceed those lowered
forecasts, said George Jacobsen, chief investment officer at Trevor, Stewart,
Burton & Jacobsen Inc., a New York investment management firm.

But the worst from Asia is not over, Mr. Jacobsen cautioned, adding that as
governments take steps to alleviate the region's banking crisis, a rise in
imports could occur to put pressure on American companies' earnings prospects in
the second half of this year.

"In the first quarter, corporate profits were viewed as being an industry
specific problem," Mr. Jacobsen said.

"In the second quarter, we're calling it a short-term problem. But our take is
there is a corporate profit problem and it is long term."

Charles W. Johnson, head equity trader at Blaylock & Partners in Baltimore,
said: "It still will be very interesting to see how third-quarter profits will
shape up. I'm one of those people that has to be shown that my way of thinking
is flawed and I just don't believe this market is out of the woods."

In addition to Asia, Mr. Johnson said he is concerned that consumer spending,
which has helped buoy the market, will falter later in the year.

Most stocks that have gained in recent days are issues that had been battered in
previous weeks, such as Microsoft, Intel and Disney, said Marshall Acuff, equity
strategist at Salomon Smith Barney. Companies Mr. Acuff calls consistent
growers, or large-capitalization stocks that are leaders in their industries,
such as Bristol-Myers Squibb, American International Group and Home Depot, have
also done well, illustrating investors' concern about future economic and profit
growth, he said.


                             --------------------
Treasuries Fall

The benchmark 30-year Treasury bond fell 5/32 yesterday, to 106 29/32, as the
dollar declined, and investors held off buying before the two-day Federal
Reserve meeting. The bond's yield, which moves in the opposite direction from
the price, rose to 5.64 percent, from 5.63 percent Friday.

Results of yesterday's Treasury auctions follow:


(000 omitted in dollar figures)

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table:
An error occurred in the processing of a table at this point in the document.
Please refer to the table in the online document.


Both issues are dated July 2, 1998. The three-month bills mature on Oct. 1,
1998, and the six-month bills mature on Dec. 31, 1998.

Graph tracks the Dow Jones industrial average, since June 1997. (Sources:
Associated Press; Bloomberg Financial Markets)

Tables: "Hot & Cold" provides a look at stocks with large percentage gains and
losses; "The Favorite Stocks" lists stocks held by largest number of accounts at
Merrill Lynch. (Compiled from staff reports, The Associated Press, Bloomberg
News, Bridge News, Dow Jones, Reuters)



                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 30, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

RTD downshifts on Neighborhood, Eco Pass increases

BYLINE: Jeffrey Leib The Denver Post

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 644 words


Faced with an organized campaign warning about RTD "slashing the Eco Pass
program," officials with the transit agency have scaled back a price increase
for the discounted transit-pass program from one proposed just last week.

Tonight, directors of the Regional Transportation District will vote on an
across-the-board fare increase starting Jan. 1, including higher payments for
the Eco Pass and Neighborhood Pass programs.

RTD officials have claimed since mid-summer that the agency is not getting a
fair amount of revenue from the two programs.

Employers who enroll in Eco Pass agree to buy passes for all their employees at
a deeply discounted rate per worker.

About 783 area companies have Eco Pass contracts with RTD, with an additional
1,000 Boulder businesses operating under a single contract.

The programs, covering nearly 100,000 eligible employees, generate about $15
million in annual revenue for RTD.

The Neighborhood Pass program covers about 35 Boulder neighborhoods where
homeowner groups buy passes in bulk at discounted rates.

The 5,637 Boulder households participating in Neighborhood Pass pay on average
about $80 a year per household, according to RTD.

Many households have multiple transit users and, under program rules, each can
get a pass offering unlimited local, express, regional and skyRide/Denver
International Airport transit service, in some cases for as little as $26.51 a
year per pass.

In contrast, a regular transit rider who buys a local monthly pass pays up to
$720 a year, and the rider who buys a regional monthly pass pays as much as
$1,728 a year.

Tonight, RTD's board will consider a 19 percent price increase for Eco and
Neighborhood Pass contracts and a $5 surcharge for passholders to use the
skyRide buses to Denver International Airport.

RTD hopes changes in the programs will raise as much as $3.3 million more for
the agency annually.

RTD also is proposing a freeze on the Neighborhood Pass program.

Small businesses can join Eco Pass and provide employees with passes at a rate
that the agency loses money on, RTD officials say.

For a company of up to 10 employees, the minimum yearly Eco Pass contract price
is equal to the cost of one annual pass.

Additional riders beyond the one employee covered essentially ride for free,
according to RTD.

"We want to provide incentives" to encourage transit use, said RTD's Bruce Abel,
"but in a way that revenues for the agency are not hurt."

Last week, RTD proposed to raise Eco Pass costs so the annual minimum price for
a company of 10 or fewer would equal the cost of three annual passes.

But in the face of lobbying from the Colorado Environmental Coalition and other
groups, RTD staffers now propose to boost the annual minimum Eco Pass price for
these employers to the equivalent cost of two annual passes.

RTD hopes in two years to have "smart" fare cards that will track transit use by
all riders precisely and allow RTD to charge fairly for the Eco Pass and
Neighborhood Pass, Abel said.

Environmental coalition official Stephanie Thomas said RTD might be
"discouraging transit use" with interim changes in the two programs.

Thomas agreed Eco Pass may need changes to make it more equitable.

``I'm not saying it always needs to be this unfair,'' she said of RTD's claim
that it is getting revenue to cover only one rider when 10 transit passes have
been issued. ``For a company using eight (passes), maybe (RTD) should be
charging for eight.'' ----------------------- Neighborhood Pass costs

Highest-ranked Boulder neighborhoods in RTD's Neighborhood Pass program, by the
number of transit passes issued to their residents. Also included is the annual
cost per issued pass:

Neighborhood....Passes ....Cost

....issued....per pass

Newlands....902....$64.23

Dakota Ridge

Village....759....$33.45

Shanahan....573 ....$50.14

Forest Glen....385....$26.51

Holiday-

Buena Vista....378 ....$71.39

Source: RTD

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Statistics

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                           January 12, 2006 Thursday
                                  City Edition

UTILITIES;
Cox raising discounted phone rate

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; OKLAHOMA BRIEFS; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 566 words


Cox Communications is raising the discounted rate for a second telephone line
for its residential customers from $9.20 to $12.36 per month, the company said
in a recent filing with the Corporation Commission.

The new rate for multiproduct customers will go into effect in March, said Tim
Tippit, vice president of government and public affairs for Cox.

The new rate is almost $2 off the cost of a single phone line for single product
customers, or those who have phone service from Cox but not cable or high speed
Internet.

The cost for a single line phone service for a telephone service-only customer
remains $14.34 per month, Tippit said. Discounted rates are now $12.36 per month
for each line to which a customer subscribes.

"We are trying to simplify our product line so that the discount for second and
subsequent lines is the same as the discount for the first line if you're a
multiproduct Cox customer," Tippit said.

IN OTHER NEWS

Edmond hospital executive resigns

EDMOND -- Ed Gray, chief executive of Edmond Medical Center, announced his
resignation Wednesday, effective Jan. 31, to become vice president of Healthcare
Partners LLC and president and chief executive of its Oklahoma City operation.

Healthcare Partners' owns and manages several health care facilities in the
Oklahoma City area, including Community Hospital in south Oklahoma City,
Northwest Surgical Hospital, Lake Point Imaging Center and St. Anthony North
Ambulatory Surgery Center.

"My position within (Healthcare Partners) allows me the opportunity to
positively impact the broader Oklahoma City health care environment," said Gray,
who came to Edmond Medical Center in 2003. "The decision to leave Edmond Medical
Center has been the toughest professional decision of my life."

HCA, Edmond Medical Center's parent company, immediately began a search for a
new chief.

Yukon National to buy Peoples

Yukon National Bank will buy Peoples Bank and plans to rename the two Oklahoma
City area branches.

The acquisition, tentatively scheduled for completion Feb. 1, would give Yukon
National six branches and 24 drive-through lanes in eastern Canadian County and
western Oklahoma County. The purchase price was not disclosed.

The Peoples Bank branch at 6201 NW 23 in Bethany will be renamed YNB Peoples
Bank. The Peoples Bank office at 12401 N May in Oklahoma City is tentatively set
to be called YNB Peoples (Quail) Bank.

As of Sept. 30, Peoples Bank had assets of $33.2 million and Yukon National had
assets of $172.8 million.

Dobson subscriber ranks decrease

Dobson Communications Corp. lost about 22,500 net subscribers in the fourth
quarter of 2005, an improvement over the year-ago period when the company
reported a net loss of 25,600 subscribers, the Oklahoma City cell phone provider
reported Wednesday.

Meanwhile, Dobson has made substantial progress in upgrading its customers to
newer technology. Two of every three Dobson subscribers were on GSM calling
plans Dec. 31. That's up from 26 percent a year earlier.

The company expects to report average revenue per user of about $46.10 for the
fourth quarter, up from $42.17 in the same period of 2004. Roaming minutes, a
key component of Dobson's revenue, grew to about 584 million in the fourth
quarter, up 46 percent from the year-ago period.

Dobson, which owns wireless operations in 16 states, expects to issue a full
fourth-quarter financial report late next month.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ed Gray

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 14, 2008 Friday
                                 Fourth Edition

No free trains, says Iemma;
TRANSPORT - SHAPING SYDNEY

BYLINE: Alexandra Smith

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 300 words


DISCOUNTED train fares for commuters are being considered for Sydney as the
Premier, Morris Iemma, yesterday hosed down suggestions the Government was
considering copying Melbourne's free fares for early-bird travellers.

The Transport Minister, John Watkins, said on Wednesday he was "looking" at the
Victorian model, which from the end of the month will allow all Melbourne
commuters who arrive in the CBD before 7am to travel for free.

But yesterday Mr Iemma said reducing the cost of fares at different times of the
day would be more effective than free fares.

The Tourism and Transport Forum said it had long been calling for greater use of
off-peak incentives. "While free travel gets people's attention, we would be
happy to see a heavily discounted fare for travel outside the morning and
afternoon peaks," the forum's national transport manager, Liam McKay, said.
"Queensland, for example, has an off-peak daily ticket for discounted unlimited
travel between 9am and 3.30pm and after 7pm."

The executive director of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, Patricia Forsythe,
said early-bird free travel could save western Sydney commuters $2000 a year,
but warned that the only way to really address congestion was to deliver a metro
network.

"Great cities of the world, such as London, New York and Paris, all have metro
rail and so must Sydney. When it comes to metro rail, it must be a question of
when and not if," she said.

The Opposition transport spokesman, Gladys Berejiklian, said that free travel
before 7am was a good idea, but the rail system would not cope.

"While we should be trying to attract people back onto public transport, the
reality is free travel wouldn't currently work in Sydney because of the Iemma
Labor Government's underinvestment in critical transport infrastructure," she
said.

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                             March 14, 2008 Friday
                                 First Edition

No free trains, says Iemma;
SHAPING SYDNEY

BYLINE: Alexandra Smith

SECTION: NEWS AND FEATURES; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 331 words


DISCOUNTED train fares for commuters are being considered for Sydney as the
Premier, Morris Iemma, yesterday hosed down suggestions the Government was
considering copying Melbourne's free fares for early-bird travellers.

The Transport Minister, John Watkins, said on Wednesday he was "looking" at the
Victorian model, which from the end of the month will allow all Melbourne
commuters who arrive in the CBD before 7am to travel for free.

But yesterday Mr Iemma said reducing the cost of fares at different times of the
day would be more effective than free fares.

The Tourism and Transport Forum said it had long been calling for greater use of
off-peak incentives.

"While free travel gets people's attention, we would be happy to see a heavily
discounted fare for travel outside the morning and afternoon peaks," the forum's
national transport manager, Liam McKay, said. "Queensland, for example, has an
off-peak daily ticket for discounted unlimited travel between 9am and 3.30pm and
after 7pm."

The executive director of the Sydney Chamber of Commerce, Patricia Forsythe,
said early-bird free travel could save western Sydney commuters $2000 a year,
but warned that the only way to really address congestion was to deliver a metro
network.

"Great cities of the world, such as London, New York and Paris, all have metro
rail and so must Sydney. When it comes to metro rail, it must be a question of
when and not if," she said.

The Opposition transport spokesman, Gladys Berejiklian, said that free travel
before 7am was a good idea, but the rail system would not cope.

"While we should be trying to attract people back onto public transport, the
reality is free travel wouldn't currently work in Sydney because of the Iemma
Labor Government's underinvestment in critical transport infrastructure," she
said.

"The Sydney public transport system is already at capacity and wouldn't be able
to cope because every major transport infrastructure project is currently over
time or over budget or both."

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2008 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

Linde Institute/Social and Information Sciences Laboratory Seminar

LENGTH: 474  words

DATELINE: Pasadena


California Institute of Technology has issuead the following news release:

Friday, October 31, 2014
12:00 pm
Annenberg 213
Linde Institute/Social and Information Sciences Laboratory Seminar

Series:Linde Institute/Social and Information Sciences Laboratory Seminar Series
(SISL)
Incentivizing Exploration [joint work with Peter Frazier, Jon Kleinberg, Robert
Kleinberg]
David Kempe, Associate Professor, University of Southern California

We study a Bayesian multi-armed bandit (MAB) setting in which a principal seeks
to maximize the sum of expected time-discounted rewards obtained by pulling
arms, when the arms are actually pulled by selfish and myopic individuals.
Since such individuals pull the arm with highest expected posterior reward
(i.e., they always exploit and never explore), the principal must incentivize
them to explore by offering suitable payments. Among others, this setting models
crowdsourced information discovery and funding agencies incentivizing scientists
to perform high-risk, high-reward research.

We explore the tradeoff between the principal's total expected time-discounted
incentive payments, and the total time-discounted rewards realized.
Specifically, with a time-discount factor gamma in (0,1), let OPT denote the
total expected time-discounted reward achievable by a principal who pulls arms
directly without having to incentivize selfish agents, in a MAB problem.  We
call a (payment, reward) combination (b,rho) in [0,1]^2 achievable if for every
MAB instance, using expected time-discounted payments of at most b*OPT, the
principal can guarantee an expected time-discounted reward of at least rho*OPT.
Our main result is a complete characterization of achievable (payment, reward)
pairs: (b,rho) is achievable if and only if sqrt(b) + sqrt(1-rho) >=
sqrt(gamma).

In proving this characterization, we analyze so-called time-expanded policies,
which in each step let the agents choose myopically with some probability p, and
incentivize them to choose "optimally" with probability 1-p.  The analysis of
time-expanded policies leads to a question that may be of independent interest:
If the same MAB instance (without selfish agents) is considered under two
different time-discount rates gamma, eta, how small can the ratio of OPT(eta) to
OPT(gamma) be?  We give a complete answer to this question, showing that
OPT(eta) >= ((1-gamma)^2/(1-eta)^2) OPT(gamma), and that this bound is tight.
Contact Jenny Niese jenny@hss.caltech.edu at Ext. 6010
Event Sponsors:
Division of Humanities and Social Sciences - More events from this Sponsor
Computing and Mathematical Sciences - More events from this Sponsor
Ronald and Maxine Linde Institute of Economic and Management Sciences - More
events from this Sponsor

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             October 9, 1994 Sunday

LENGTH: 725 words


ROSEGLEN PSC candidate seeks phone discount Julie Hill, Democratic candidate for
the state Public Service Commission, proposes a discounted telephone rate for
educational purposes. Hill, a Roseglen teacher and farmer, said it's becoming
more difficult for local school districts to balance normal operating expenses
and still afford telecommunication classes. The equipment and phone calls can be
expensive. ""If elected, I would support legislation granting the Public Service
Commission authority to establish discounted rates for the provision of
telecommunications services to public and private schools,'' Hill said. Hill
said interactive technology -- cameras, microphones and televisions in the
classroom -- help expand curriculum options for students. While a legislator,
Hill sponsored the bill which provided state funding for the first pilot
telecommunications projects in the state. ""As a teacher, I know it can be a
method to share teaching talent between schools and reach more students,'' Hill
said. Besides receiving classes via telecommunications, students and teachers
can access libraries all over the world, she added.

BILLINGS, MONT. Region gets new BLM director Larry Hamilton is the new state
director for the Bureau of Land Management in Montana and the Dakotas. A 20-year
veteran of BLM, Hamilton was most recently the associate state director for
BLM's Eastern States office in Springfield, Va. Previously he served as the
manager of BLM's Phoenix Training Center and also held positions in Washington,
D.C., Alaska, and Denver. Before coming to BLM, he began his federal career with
the Office of Personnel Management in Denver. Hamilton earned a doctorate in
organizational communication from the University of Denver in 1973, and received
a bachelor's degree in political science and a master's in speech communication
from California State University, San Francisco, in 1967 and 1970 respectively.
His list of honors includes the Department of the Interior Meritorious Service
Award. Hamilton begins his duties in Montana next week. He succeeds Robert
Lawton, who retired earlier this year.

BISMARCK Zoo plans kids volunteer day As an official Big Help site, Dakota Zoo
is hosting an Earth Force ""Go Wild for Wildlife'' event Saturday. Kids of all
ages are welcome to come and join the leaf raking project at Dakota Zoo. The
project will begin at 1 p.m. and go until 5 p.m. Kids are asked to bring their
own rake and a pair of work gloves. The Big Help is a national, grassroots
initiative to encourage kids to volunteer in their communities. ""We want to
give kids the opportunity to volunteer and become involved in their
communities,'' said Geraldine Laybourne, President of Nickelodeon. This event is
part of a nationwide campaign of youth volunteer action to help out wildlife and
wildlife habitat in local communities. Millions of kids are expected to
participate at local Big Help sites around the country on Saturday. Local kids
are encouraged to come and be a big part of ""Go Wild for Wildlife.'

Business people "jailed' for good cause Local Bismarck and Mandan business
people will be ""jailed'' at the Gateway Mall of Bismarck on Thursday. The
""jailbirds'' will be picked up by Top Hat Limousine of Bismarck. While in
""jail'' they will spend one hour calling their business associates and friends
on cellular phones, courtesy of CellularOne, trying to raise bail. The money
raised during the Gateway Mall Lock-Up will be used in the Bismarck-Mandan area
to provide free medical services, summer camp programs, and research to find
treatments and cures for those adults and children who have one of the 40 types
of neuromuscular disease. All of these free services are made possible through
the care and support of the people of the Bismarck and Mandan area.

DICKINSON Man pleads innocent to killing A Dickinson man pleaded innocent in the
shooting death of his ex-girlfriend. Shawn Novotny was arraigned this week in
the killing of Amy Dennis at his Dickinson home April 17. Authorities say that
after Novotny shot Dennis he tried to commit suicide by shooting himself in the
head. A trial date has not been set. Novotny remains in custody. Meanwhile,
Dennis' name and dozens of others appear on the cover of the latest issue of Ms.
magazine for a story about victims of domestic violence. -- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                            DiscountedMP3Players.com

                              1950 West 2Nd Avenue
                               Durango,  CO 81301
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (970) 385-4900
FAX: (970) 247-8345
URL: www.discountedmp3players.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 74

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   MP3 Players discounted. Custom MP3 Players discounted. The best MP3 Players
at the best prices. Buy your MP3 Players now at discounted prices. 64MB MP3
Players, 128MB MP3 Players, 256MB MP3 Players, 512MB MP3 Players, all at
discounted prices.  Promotional USB Drives custom imprinted with your logo. USB
pen drives at discounted prices. We buy direct to save you money!

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 11, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Navigating the Downturn Faced with high costs and reduced consumer spending,
stores respond with big discounts -- or closed doors. Shoppers start dropping
off, stinging retailers

BYLINE: Greg Griffin The Denver Post

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-01

LENGTH: 1122 words


If there's a worse place to be in today's economy than the gasoline pump, it may
be behind a retail cash register.

Department stores, home-product outlets and specialty shops are being squeezed
between high costs and tightfisted consumers.

That's creating discounts for shoppers who are able and willing to spend.

"Sometimes, things are so cheap you have to buy. Everybody's fighting. I see
'Buy one, get one free' signs everywhere," said Ken Myer, 44, a health-care
worker from Los Angeles, as he left a liquidation sale at Linens 'n Things in
east Denver. "I've bought more suit jackets and shoes in the last week. You just
can't help it."

Melody Callander, 37, of Denver was impressed by the recent discounts at J.C.
Penney at the Shops at Northfield Stapleton, where most clothes were marked down
25 percent to 70 percent.

"You can tell they're trying hard to make some sales," she said.

High gas and food prices are cutting deeply into household budgets, and falling
home values and stock portfolios are making many people feel poorer. Adding to
the pullback are rising job losses.

Consumer spending and retail sales continued to grow modestly during the last
few months, thanks to $107 billion in economic-stimulus checks delivered to
taxpayers in May, June and July. With that money mostly spent, the rest of the
year may be more difficult for shoppers and retailers.

"I'm more careful with my shopping now," said Susie Earhart, 61, a home
caregiver from Aurora, as she left Linens 'n Things with a bag full of bargains.
"I make it count when I'm going somewhere since gas is so high."

Consumers responded slowly to summer-clearance and back-to-school sales this
year, prompting many retailers to offer deeper discounts.

At Old Navy in the Belmar shopping area of Lakewood recently, summer-clearance
clothing was priced 25 percent to 50 percent off, but some items were even more
heavily discounted. Ladies' maternity pants were marked down from $29.50 to
$9.99 and then again to $4.99. Men's T-shirts were discounted from $14.50 to
$4.99.

Linens 'n Things, which is bankrupt and closing stores, marked down inventory by
up to 80 percent. Pier 1 Imports, also financially troubled and closing stores,
discounted selected items by up to 75 percent.

"Retailers don't know how to react. They've never seen a time when sales didn't
work," said Britt Beemer, a retail analyst and marketing specialist in
Charleston, S.C.

Consumers pull back

Some retailers are folding. Others are closing stores, and still more are
pushing back expansion plans. Most are simply trying to weather the storm.

"Sales are flat, but in this economy, that's probably a great place to be," said
Janci Frisby, co-owner of Belly, a maternity and children's clothing store in
Cherry Creek. "We've introduced many more mid- priced lines over the last year
and a half. ... If you don't address your consumer, you won't stick around."

The store also is using more discount promotions to lure customers, she said.

Sales of high-end kitchens aren't on the rise for Stephen "Mac" McDonald, owner
of a chain of 14 showrooms across Colorado including Thurston Kitchen & Bath and
Kitchens at the Denver.

"We're going to come off this year very similar to last year, and I think I'll
be happy with that," McDonald said. "We're working real hard right now. I think
the good ones will continue to do well."

New construction work is way down, but remodels are picking up the slack, he
said.

Consumer spending rose 1.5 percent in the second quarter from a year earlier, up
from 0.9 percent during the first quarter. The International Council of Shopping
Centers said last week that sales for the final week of July were up 2.9 percent
over last year, the highest jump this year. The council said it expects July
retail-chain sales to rise 2 percent to 3 percent above last year.

The modest gains, however, aren't spread evenly. The ICSC and UBS reported last
month that June sales at department stores open at least one year fell 4.1
percent from the previous June. Sales for discounters such as Wal-Mart and
wholesale clubs such as Costco were up sharply.

"We're in difficult times, and it's not over," said John Melaniphy, a
Chicago-based retail- market strategist. "I don't really see a recovery in
consumer spending until 2010."

Experts say the health of the American consumer is central to the question of
whether and how deeply the economy falls into a recession. Consumer spending
accounts for more than two-thirds of U.S. gross domestic product.

There are strong indications the economy is in for a long period of reduced
consumer demand. Americans are heavily in debt and unable to tap their home
equity as they did in the past. Yet spending has rebounded after downturns in
the past, giving some economists hope that the current pullback by consumers
will be temporary.

A growing number of national retail chains are canceling expansion plans or
closing stores, including Linens 'n Things, Pier 1, Mervyns, CompUSA, Sharper
Image, Ann Taylor, Talbots, Foot Locker, Blockbuster and Zales.

Apparel sellers are in particular trouble because they've been unable to raise
prices to cover their surging costs. Apparel prices fell 0.2 percent in the 12
months that ended in June while overall inflation was 5 percent.

Even the high-end luxury segment is seeing hard times.

Craig Andrisen, co-owner of Andrisen Morton clothiers in Cherry Creek, said
sales are down slightly over last year but "still strong."

"The saying now is 'If you're flat, you're up,' " Andrisen said. "For the most
part, our clients are still doing very, very well, but they don't feel well
about spending the money."

Demand for new retail real estate is also slowing. This year, Cabela's pushed
back by at least two years plans to build a massive outdoor-recreation store in
Wheat Ridge. The Nebraska company blamed the slowing national economy.

"A lot of new developments are being stymied because the majors aren't
building," said Michael Staenberg of St. Louis-based THF Realty Inc., which
operates a handful of retail centers throughout Colorado.

CB Richard Ellis reported last month that the Denver-area retail vacancy rate
was 7.5 percent in the second quarter, up from 5.8 percent a year ago.

David Larson, a partner with Denver-based Legend Retail Group, a brokerage firm
specializing in retail leasing, said the only retail projects that are
proceeding have preleased tenants.

The Denver market isn't as overbuilt as it was in the late 1980s, when an
economic downturn resulted in a real-estate crisis in Colorado, Larson said.

"If you compare it to the 1980s, it doesn't look so bad right now. That was
ugly," he said. "... Boxes turned into churches or bingo parlors."

Greg Griffin: 303-954-1241 or ggriffin@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: SERIES

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                             August 15, 2005 Monday

Affiliate issues shadow new Sprint Nextel

BYLINE: by Chris Nolter

SECTION: M AND A; TechNews

LENGTH: 582 words



HIGHLIGHT: With the closing of Sprint's $35 billion merger with Nextel, the fate
of the two companies' wireless affiliates remains unsettled.


With the closing of Sprint Corp.'s $35 billion merger with Nextel Communications
Inc., the fate of the two companies' many wireless affiliates remains unsettled.
The most pressing case promises to be Nextel Partners Inc., though there are
about 10 other carriers who could press the companies for buyouts or new
affiliate agreements.

Kirkland, Wash.-based Nextel Partners is Nextel's sole affiliate, and offers
services in mostly small to mid-sized markets throughout the U.S. The company's
shareholders hold a put option that is triggered upon an acquisition of Nextel,
and in June the company's management advised investors to take advantage of the
right after the Sprint deal closes. At least 20% of Nextel Partners shareholders
will have to request a special meeting, and the company will also have to get
final approval of its proxy from the Securities and Exchange Commission.

Nextel Partners has an enterprise value of more than $9 billion, though an
arbitrator would decide the value of a buyout. There are a number of provisions
for valuing the company, and determining a control premium appears to be the
wild card.

"We believe that the premium is the biggest uncertainty for valuation," wrote
Bear, Stearns & Co. analyst Phil Cusick in a recent note. Nextel Partners traded
around $26 on Friday. Cusick predicted a 20% premium to discounted cash flow,
which would yield a price of $28.

Chris King of Baltimore-based Legg Mason Inc. proposed a control premium of 20%
to 25% to discounted cash flow, for a range of $27 to $29, in a late July note.

On the high end of the spectrum, Wachovia Capital Markets LLC analyst Jennifer
Fritzsche has a valuation range of $33 to $38, which would represent about 15 to
17 times projected Ebitda for 2006. "While these multiples may appear high,"
Fritzsche wrote in an August report, "we note [Nextel Partners] has historically
traded at a premium to peers."

Nextel Partners also filed suit in July, arguing that branding changes the
companies planned and other steps violated existing contracts. The parties have
since agreed to settle the dispute through arbitration.

Meanwhile, several Sprint affiliates have argued that the deal violates their
exclusive right to offer services in their footprints, or otherwise abuses their
positions.

In July, Sprint agreed to buy US Unwired Inc. for $1.3 billion, just as
litigation with the Lake Charles, La., carrier was nearing a conclusion. Sprint
said Friday that it closed the transaction after completing a tender offer for
US Unwired shares, with investors holding 95% of the shares accepting.

In the last six weeks, Sprint has received complaints from AirGate PCS Inc., a
unit of Lubbock, Texas-based Alamosa Holdings Inc.; privately held Gulf Coast
Wireless LP of Baton Rouge, La.; Schaumburg, Ill., affiliate iPCS Inc.;
Columbus, Ga.-based Enterprise Wireless LLC; and UbiquiTel Inc. of Conshohocken,
Pa. UbiquiTel and iPCS entered forbearance agreements until Jan. 1.

King estimates that the price for all of the affiliates, with a control premium,
may hit $20 billion.

Sprint could avoid purchasing its remaining regional partners, after the US
Unwired transaction. "Our sense is that other affiliates can be satisfied
through alterations in affiliate agreements," wrote Goldman, Sachs & Co. analyst
Jason Armstrong in a Friday report. The new Sprint Nextel might reduce the fee
these carriers pay from 8% of their revenues, he suggested, to 6%.

Sprint and Nextel expected to close their merger on Friday.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2005 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            August 26, 2010 Thursday
                                 SVoice Edition

IN BRIEF;

BYLINE: From local reports<P>

SECTION: S; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 567 words


<b>DAYLONG YOUTH EVENTAT RIVERFRONT PARK</b>

<b>RIVERSIDE</b> - Spokane's Youth 'N Action will hostYouth Day on Friday at
Riverfront Park in the Gondola Meadows, from noon to 6 p.m.

The event will include a variety of activities, programs and youth programs
available to local kids. The featured "Where's Baldo?" scavenger hunt will begin
at 4 p.m. Participants can search the park for clues, compete in a variety of
unique competitions, and the winning individuals and teams will receive over
$5,000 in prizes.

Youth Day is open and free to all areakids.

For more information, call Ryan Oelrich,Youth 'N Action director at (509)
499-0536 or visit www.YouthNAction.org.

<b>INDIAN ENCAMPMENT, POWWOW AT PARK</b>

<b>DOWNTOWN SPOKANE</b> - The 21st annual Spokane Falls Northwest Indian
Encampment and Pow Wow will be held at Riverfront ParkFriday and Saturday.

The event will feature arts, crafts, and food. Grand entry for the dance
competitions and drum contests will be at 7 p.m. on Friday and Saturday at 1 and
7 p.m. The celebration will also include a "Run for Health" Fun Run on Saturday.
Registration is at 8 a.m. and the runbegins at 9 a.m.

Admission is free for spectators.

For more information, call (509) 535-0886.

<b>COUNTY FAIR OFFERING DISCOUNT TICKETS</b>

<b>SPOKANE VALLEY</b> - Discounted preseason tickets for the 2010 Spokane County
Interstate Fair areon sale and will be available at the discounted price through
Sept. 9. The fair will be Sept. 10 through Sept. 19.

Ticket prices: adult, $7 preseason/$10 at the gate; senior tickets (65 and
over), $5 preseason/$7 at the gate; juniors (7 to 13), $5 preseason/ $7 at the
gate; children 6 and under are free.

Group tickets are available at the discounted price of $5 each through Friday.
Groups of 20 or more are required to receive the group ticket price.

Family packs are available for $39. Packs are available at local Safeway stores.

Tickets are on sale at the Spokane County Interstate Fair office, 404 N. Havana
St. The office is open Monday through Friday from 8:30 a.m. through 4:30 p.m.
Tickets are also available online at TicketsWest at www.ticketswest.com and at
TicketsWest outlets.

<b>DONATE AT INBC, GET FREE ICE CREAM</b>

<b>RIVERSIDE/COEUR D'ALENE</b> - The Inland Northwest Blood Center will have its
"Pint for a Pint Blood Drive" next Thursday and Sept. 3, at INBC's Spokane
Center, 210 W. Cataldo Ave., and INBC's Coeur d'Alene Center, 1341 Northwood
Center Court.

When participants donate one pint of blood, the amount given in a regular blood
donation, they will get a coupon for a free pint of ice cream. The ice cream can
be picked up at Brain Freeze Creamery and Baskin Robbins locations.

For more information call (509) 624-0151 in Spokane or (208) 667-5461 in Coeur
d'Alene.

<b>BACK-TO-SCHOLL RALLY AT CHENEY CITY POOL</b>

<b>CHENEY</b> - "Let's Move, Cheney" will present a back-to-school rally Tuesday
from 10 a.m. to 1 p.m. in Hagelin Park, next to the city's pool on North Seventh
Street.

The event will have information for kids to learn about healthy living. There
will be several stations with information, and once the kids visit all of the
stations, they will receive a free pass to swim at the pool.

The keynote speaker of the day will be Julie Piper, the Big Sky basketball MVP
from Eastern Washington University.

For more information, call Cheney Parks and Recreation at (509) 498-9250.

<b>TYPE:</b> Briefs

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2010 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             July 14, 2009 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Eco Bus pass program revs up; Pilot project approved for civic employees; survey
the next step

BYLINE: Jeremy Warren, The StarPhoenix

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 511  words


In a move to expand transit ridership, city council approved Monday a pilot
program that would offer discounted bus passes to large companies and
organizations in Saskatoon.

An administration report recommended council approve the Eco Bus program in
principle, clearing the way for a pilot project involving civic employees.

The program would offer discounted passes to participating employers -- the
University of Saskatchewan, Saskatoon Public Schools, Innovation Place and
Federated Co-op have already expressed interest -- who would share the pass cost
with the city.

Monday's vote allows city administration to conduct a civic employee survey, the
results of which will be used to create the pilot program. The program's start
date is still unknown, Transit officials say.

For the city, the program could reduce infrastructure costs and traffic
congestion while increasing ridership and revenue. The city calculated revenue
could rise by $84,864 based on 31 per cent of a 500-person workplace buying a
$68 monthly pass, which would be discounted by Saskatoon Transit by 20 per cent.

Employers could reduce their parking space problems with Eco Bus passes, while
employees save on fuel and parking costs.

"You always have to be creative to support people in taking the bus," said
Transit manager Mitch Riabko. "Transit is always part of the forward planning
for city growth."

The program would either make money or be revenue-neutral, said Riabko, but the
discount rates won't be known until the pilot project finishes.

"Our goal is to come up with a standard deal before offering the program, but it
could still be varied," he said.

After a pilot program, Transit officials would start a marketing campaign aimed
at employees and employers interested in the program, then survey the employees
to determine the structure of the pass program.

The data would decide how the passes are administered: If the passes would be
monthly or annual, how much they would be discounted by Transit and which
employees -- full time, part time or both -- would be eligible.

The pilot program with civic employees includes a marketing campaign to sell the
concept to employees so they can "overcome the fear of taking the bus," says the
administration report.

"This is the next frontier for transit," said Coun. Charlie Clark after the
meeting. "We want more people on the bus. We need people to start that buzz in
the workplace."

The program stems from a transit ridership initiative that council approved in
its 2008 capital budget review. One of the goals was creating an
employer-employee discounted bus pass program.

In July 2008, the city commissioned a review of similar programs in North
American cities. Cities such as Toronto, Victoria, Winnipeg, Ottawa and Denver,
Colo., have programs with varying discounts and requirements.

The City of Regina offers 12-month bus passes at about a 17 per cent discount,
with no requirement for minimum participation at a workplace. The employer pays
the city for the passes and deducts the reduced cost from employee payrolls.

jjwarren@sp.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           Winthrop News (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 27, 2013

Have a hunting or fishing license? Get a special rate on Twins tickets

BYLINE: Winthrop News staff

LENGTH: 254  words


Kids and adults who have a 2013 Minnesota hunting or fishing license can buy
discounted tickets online to six Minnesota Twins baseball games and receive a
free regulation blaze orange Twins logo baseball cap as part of a special
promotion with the Department of Natural Resources (DNR).

"Hunting, fishing and the Twins are all big parts of Minnesota's culture," said
Jenifer Wical, DNR customer enhancement manager. "This is a great deal for those
who love the outdoors and outdoors baseball."

The special rate starts with the April 13 home game against the New York Mets at
3:10 p.m. It also includes home games on April 27-28 against the Texas Rangers,
Aug. 3 against the Houston Astros, Aug. 18 against the Chicago White Sox and
Sept. 7 against the Toronto Blue Jays.

Discounted ticket prices range from $12 to $20, depending on the game.

"The DNR is able to provide an additional value to its first-time or long-time
license buyers," said Phil McMullen, Twins ticket sales executive. "For us, it's
a way to express our appreciation for those who have contributed to fish and
wildlife conservation through their license purchase."

Those who want to buy discount tickets should go to www.mndnr.gov/twins and
enter the transaction number, which is printed on the license. A limited number
of tickets are available for each game and will be reserved on a first-come,
first-served basis. The offer is available online only.

Minnesota 2013 fishing and hunting licenses can be purchased and printed online
at www.mndnr.gov/buyalicense.

LOAD-DATE: December 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Recreation

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WTH

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                          Copyright 2013 Winthrop News


                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                     The Ortonville Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                 March 26, 2013

Special rate on Twins tickets with hunting or fishing license

BYLINE: The Ortonville Independent staff

LENGTH: 254  words


Kids and adults who have a 2013 Minnesota hunting or fishing license can buy
discounted tickets online to six Minnesota Twins baseball games and receive a
free regulation blaze orange Twins logo baseball cap as part of a special
promotion with the Department of Natural Resources (DNR).

"Hunting, fishing and the Twins are all big parts of Minnesota's culture," said
Jennifer Wical, DNR customer enhancement manager. "This is a great deal for
those who love the outdoors and outdoors baseball."

The special rate starts with the April 13 home game against the New York Mets at
3:10 p.m. It also includes home games on April 27-28 against the Texas Rangers,
Aug. 3 against the Houston Astros, Aug. 18 against the Chicago White Sox and
Sept. 7 against the Toronto Blue Jays.

Discounted ticket prices range from $12 to $20, depending on the game.

"The DNR is able to provide an additional value to its first-time or longtime
license buyers," said Phil McMullen, Twins ticket sales executive. "For us, it's
a way to express our appreciation for those who have contributed to fish and
wildlife conservation through their license purchase."

Those who want to buy discount tickets should go to www.mndnr.gov/twins and
enter the transaction number, which is printed on the license. A limited number
of tickets are available for each game and will be reserved on a first-come,
first-served basis. The offer is available online only.

Minnesota 2013 fishing and hunting licenses can be purchased and printed online
at www.mndnr.gov/buyalicense.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Recreation

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ORT

                      Copyright 2013 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                   Copyright 2013 The Ortonville Independent


                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 11, 1994, Friday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Bond Prices Decline After Early Rally

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D;  Page 5;  Column 1;  Financial Desk

LENGTH: 822 words


Prices of Treasury securities dropped yesterday, falling back from substantial
early gains and ending a two-day rally as the dollar stumbled and investor fears
again turned to the threat of inflation.

Some of those fears were attributed to comments made by a Texas Republican, Bill
Archer, the incoming chairman of the House Ways and Means Committee. He said in
an interview on the cable channel CNBC that he favored cutting taxes.

Traders said he raised the specter among some market participants of a higher
budget deficit, which would mean the Government would have to borrow more,
perhaps leading to higher interest rates.

Mr. Archer is scheduled to take over as head of the crucial tax-writing panel
when the Republicans take control of the House in January. Among his goals, he
said, are a cut in the tax rate on capital gains from investments and the
restoration of tax-sheltered individual retirement accounts for upper-income
people.

Mr. Archer's comments brought an earlier market rally to a halt. Initially,
bonds gained ground following a decline in the October producer prices data.
Many had expected the numbers would show an increase instead. It was the second
straight decline in the Producer Price Index, suggesting that inflation remains
mild. A survey by Bloomberg Business News showed analysts had been expecting a
one-tenth of 1 percent gain over all.

The long bond fell 13/32 of a point, to 92 26/32 . The yield, which moves in the
opposite direction, rose to 8.14 percent, after falling as low as 8.04 percent
on the release of the producer prices data.

Other news favorable to bonds yesterday included the University of Michigan's
preliminary consumer sentiment index for November. It slipped to 90.1 from 92.7
in October, slightly lower than expected, indicating that consumers are less
optimistic about the economy. That suggests the economy might slow enough for
price pressures to ease.

The market caught a second wind as bonds appeared to benefit from speculation
that the dollar's weakness would be addressed at a meeting of finance ministers
of the Group of Seven leading industrialized nations yesterday in Toronto.

James Hale, fixed-income analyst for MMS International, pointed to Mr. Archer's
comments as one of the reasons for the afternoon fall. He said the technically
driven traders who follow charts and trends also contributed. "They were faked
into the market early thinking prices would continue up," he said, "but when
prices sagged as the dollar fizzled they reversed themselves and sold to cut
losses."

Mr. Hale added, "The fact that we couldn't pull off another solid day after a
favorable report underscores that we're still in a bear market."

Some analysts suggested that the absence of significant price pressures in
recent reports meant that the Fed was more likely to proceed cautiously in
raising rates. Producer prices at the final goods level remained stable in
October. But the price increases at the intermediate goods level, excluding food
and energy, continue to generate some concern to investors.

"The P.P.I., down for the second straight month, could suggest that the Fed is
not as far behind in its inflation watch as the market has feared," said Stuart
G. Hoffman, chief economist for the PNC Bank Corporation in Pittsburgh. "The
rest is just a guessing game."

But the Fed will be looking at an array of information that indicates that
economic growth remains strong enough to add to inflationary pressures. "This
good number," Mr. Hoffman said, "will not deter them from moving rates up."

The Government bond market is expected to be closed today because of Veterans
Day, a Federal holiday. Some dealers, however, will keep skeleton trading crews
on hand.

Yesterday, the Treasury sold $17 billion of one-year bills at an average rate of
6.09 percent, and $12 billion of 37-day cash management bills at an average rate
of 5.11 percent.

The following are the results of yesterday's one-year bill and 37-day
cash-management bill auctions:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 93.842 Discounted Rate . . . 6.09% Coupon Yield . . . 6.48%
High Price . . . 93.852 Discounted Rate . . . 6.08% Coupon Yield . . . 6.46% Low
Price . . . 93.842 Discounted Rate . . . 6.09% Coupon Yield . . . 6.48% Accepted
at low price . . . 70% Total applied for . . . $55,184,821 Accepted . . .
$17,059,596 Noncompetitive . . . $817,380
The one-year bills mature on Nov. 17, 1995.

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 99.475 Discounted Rate . . . 5.11% Coupon Yield . . . 5.21%
High Price . . . 99.477 Discounted Rate . . . 5.09% Coupon Yield . . . 5.19% Low
Price . . . 99.474 Discounted Rate . . . 5.12% Coupon Yield . . . 5.22% Accepted
at low price . . . 54% Total applied for . . . $49,806,000 Accepted . . .
$1,150,000
The cash-management bills mature on Dec. 22, 1994.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphs: "Tax-Exempmt Yields" shows average weekly yields for 20 general
obligation bonds and 25 revenue bonds, in percent from July-Nov. 1994. (Source:
The Bond Buyer); "1-Year Treasury Bills" shows average discounted rate in
percent from July '93-Nov. '94. (Source: Treasury Department)

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                December 27, 2001 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CROWDS CLAMOR FOR DEEP DISCOUNTS;
MANY EARLY RISERS FIND SALES LESS THAN ENTICING
STORES ARE SEEING SLOWER GAINS

BYLINE: KAMIKA DUNLAP, Mercury News

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 853 words


Early-rising shoppers returned holiday gifts and looked for bargains Wednesday,
but many said they were disappointed by the size of the markdowns in the midst
of a recession.

"I thought the prices should have been lower for most things," said Tracy
Maclin, who was shopping with her mother at Westfield Shoppingtown Valley Fair
in Santa Clara. Both said they found a few bargains at Macy's, including
clearance-priced Christmas decorations and flannel sheets marked down from $100
to $23.

Shoppers weren't the only ones disappointed this holiday season. Sales for
November and December are expected to increase from zero to 3.5 percent -- the
smallest rise since the recession year of 1990. Last year, holiday sales of $201
billion were up 5.3 percent from the previous year.

With five days left to go in the month, one survey predicts December retail
sales to increase only 1 percent from December 2000. The index from Bank of
Tokyo-Mitsubishi/UBS Warburg is based on sales at stores open at least one year.

"The cashiers are slow and the sales aren't great, but I'd never been out the
day after Christmas so I wanted to see what it was all about," said Virlyn
Acidera, who bought some lingerie on sale at Victoria's Secret at Valley Fair.
"I think the day after Thanksgiving is better."

Those who venture out Dec. 26 typically fall into three categories, said David
Stewart, a consumer behavior expert and deputy dean of the business school at
the University of Southern California.

* Bargain hunters set out bright and early for the marked-down wrapping paper,
holiday cards and ornaments; or to grab the best of other discounted items.

* Others go to stores to return items they got for Christmas, believing that the
longer you wait, the more difficult it will be to do the exchange.

* The third category of shoppers are those who didn't get what they wanted, or
got money and gift certificates they want to use immediately.

"Smart retailers will realize that they can sell something at full price to more
than a few of those after-Christmas shoppers if they can just get people in the
stores," Stewart said.

Holiday sales are crucial for retailers, who can earn up to half their annual
profits during the season. During a recession, holiday sales are more closely
watched as an indicator of economic health. Consumer spending accounts for
two-thirds of the nation's economic activity.

It was a slow morning at Valley Fair, which opened at 7 a.m., but by early
afternoon parking was difficult to find and the mall was crowded.

At NewPark Mall in Newark, most of the early birds were at specific stores
fulfilling a mission: buying collectible ornaments, Christmas cards or wrapping
paper for next year.

Rene Caparros, 23, of Fremont has an aggressive shopping strategy: He came to
the Hallmark store with $250 to spend on ornaments and a large Chiquita banana
box to carry them in.

"I just grab everything, then I look at it and think about it," Caparros said.
"And maybe I put some things back."

At Costco on Blossom Hill Road in San Jose, there were plenty of parking spaces.
About a dozen people waited to make returns at 10:30 a.m.

Gino Maldonaldo was returning a toaster oven he'd given his wife the day before.

"Apparently, she has one already," he said. "I'm just going to let her pick out
what she wants after I get my money back."

In downtown Menlo Park, a smattering of boutiques offered after-Christmas
specials. Floral Art on Santa Cruz Avenue marked down Christmas decorations by
40 percent. "It's not as busy as last year, but it's been very steady," said
co-owner Jeffrey Adair.

A few people still made big purchases. One customer bought 20 Santa dolls and
100 Christmas ornaments for a total of $1,600. Adair said, "I was thinking,
'God, I wish it was the full price instead of 40 percent off, but I'll take
whatever I can get.' "

Shoppers at the Nordstrom store at the Stanford Shopping Center said they had
been waiting for the chain's "half-yearly" sale and were buying items for
themselves. The discounts ranged from 25 to 65 percent.

"It's cheaper when you wait," said Shavonne Reel, a 22-year-old collegestudent
from Oakland. She said she found good deals on a gold sparkly shirt and several
pairs of blue jeans.

But other shoppers said they expected steeper sales.

Debbie Geno, shopping at Valley Fair with her three sisters and two friends,
wanted to return a sweater for a refund at the Gap. She was dissatisfied that
the store would only issue store credit. One of her friends was told the same
thing about a sweater he wanted to return to Banana Republic.

"We bought into the whole day-after-Christmas-sales thing," said Geno's sister,
Lauren, who said she found the sales disappointing.

CHART: MERCURY NEWS
NO HOLIDAY CHEER
Holiday retail sales in November and December are expected to show the smallest
increase since the recession year of 1990, when sales did not increase.
Source: The National Retail Federation
[Chart not taken in database]

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Mercury News Staff Writers Donna Kato and Nicole C. Wong contributed to
this report. Contact Kamika Dunlap at kdunlap@sjmercury.com or(408) 920-5501.
SHOPPING SURGE
Last-minute Christmas shoppers led to a spike in U.S. retail sales for the week
ended Dec. 22. Total sales for November and December are forecast to increase
from zero to 3.5 percent.
* Sales at chain and department stores rose 2.9 percent last week from the
previous week, according to the Bank of Tokyo-Mitsubishi and UBSW weekly sales
index. The index of sales was up 2 percent from the same week one year ago.
* TeleCheck reported that the late surge in spending pushed the season's sales
increase to 2.2 percent for sales at stores open at least one year. The index is
based on purchases paid for by check.
* The Instinet Research Redbook Average index, which measures sales at discount,
department and chain stores, showed a 0.6 percent drop in sales for the week
ended Dec. 22, compared with one year ago.
* Wal-Mart, the world's largest retailer, said December same-store sales will be
at the upper end of its forecast of a 4 percent to 6 percent increase.
* Kmart reported its same-store sales for the holidays will be at the low end of
its projected increase of zero to 2 percent.
Source: Mercury News

GRAPHIC: Photos (3), Chart;
PHOTO: An early-morning shopper holds her basket aloft to make her way through
the crowd gathered Wednesday to buy discounted ornaments at the Hallmark store
in NewPark Mall in Newark. Many items in the store were discounted 40 percent.
PHOTO: Rene Caparros of Fremont came to the Hallmark store at NewPark Mall armed
with $250 and a large Chiquita banana box to carry discounted ornaments. About
30 shoppers were waiting for the store to open at 8 a.m. Wednesday.
PHOTO: Debra Townsend waits in the checkout line Wednesday at the Hallmark store
in NewPark Mall in Newark. She traveled from Sacramento to buy discounted
Christmas items.

                     Copyright 2001 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             June 12, 2010 Saturday

How to find spa vacations on the cheap Deal hunting

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T2

LENGTH: 230 words


Spa Month has become a summer ritual in Miami. The Greater Miami Convention &
Visitor's Bureau offers Spa Month (www.miamispamonth.com), a seasonal event
featuring a month of discounted prices at high-end spas and resorts in South
Florida. This year Spa Month takes place in July, the off-season peak in Miami.
What's more, some salons have cut prices on spa services until October.

Participating spas and hotels include the Fontainebleu, Eden Roc, Ritz Carlton
Spa in Key Biscayne and the Biltmore Hotel. The discounted spa rates typically
include all-day access to other resort amenities-the pool, lounge or steam
room-at no extra charge. Clearly, it's possible to get pampered for less by
taking advantage of special discounts and off-peak deals.

Staying at a mountain spa in South America on Thursday instead of the weekend
saved us 50 per cent on hot stone massages, with free access to hot springs for
the day. During Costa Rica's rainy season we enjoyed deals at more than one
resort. Lara Clayton, a travel promoter, advises booking appointments early for
slots during Costa Rica's predictable afternoon rains, when the other tourists
seek treatments.

At the MGM Grand in Las Vegas, booking any treatment (even a $20 facial) grants
you full-day access to the rest of the spa, including the refreshment bar and
pool-sized Jacuzzi. Lockers, robes and spa towels are complimentary.

LOAD-DATE: June 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  July is spa month in Miami - just another reason to hit South Beach.
Shutterstock Photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2010 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Discount flicks tickets? There are apps for that

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 520 words


It's been a humdrum summer at the box office for anyone not named Dory or
Tarzan. But with the help of movie-ticketing apps such as the just-launched Atom
Tickets, theater owners are hoping to get butts in seats while also giving
filmgoers bang for their buck. So what's the best ticketbuying alternative for
you? USA TODAY's Patrick Ryan breaks down the pros and cons of three smartphone
apps, all available on iOS and Android.

Atom Tickets

Price:  Free

Availability: Select cities nationwide including Los Angeles, San Diego, Atlanta
and Nashville. A nationwide expansion is planned later this summer.

How it works: Designed as a social network for moviegoing, Atom allows you to
coordinate trips to the theater with your friends directly in the app. Once you
create an account or sign up using Facebook, you can see which movies your
friends would like to see, send invites, pick showtimes and buy tickets. You
also can skip long lines at the concession stand by pre-ordering snacks and
drinks.

Pros: Your first Atom ticket is free. Atom  also is exploring flexible pricing,
meaning group tickets could be discounted several weeks into a movie's release,
according to the Los Angeles Times.

Cons: Right now, Atom can be used only at AMC and Regal theaters.

Dealflicks

Price: Free

Availability: More than 750 theaters nationwide

How it works: Described as "Priceline for movie tickets," Dealflicks allows
theater owners to pick which movies they would like to discount and at what
price. Discounts (10% to 60%) vary by location and showtime and are frequently
combined with deals on concessions.

Pros: The user-friendly app lets you buy cheap tickets for most movies already
in theaters, as well as pre-order discounted seats for upcoming films.

Cons: Although Dealflicks expanded into all Carmike Cinemas earlier this year,
the chain is only in the suburbs of major markets such as Phoenix and San Diego.
Most

theaters also have a limited quantity of discounted tickets, available for only
a handful of days and times each week.

MoviePass

Price: $30-$45 a month, depending on where you live

Availability: More than 3,700 theaters nationwide

How it works: Designed as the theater equivalent of Netflix, MoviePass allows
you to see one movie every 24 hours. After signing up, subscribers receive a
MoviePass debit card by mail. In order to see a movie, you need to be within 100
yards of your desired movie theater, which allows you to check in to your
showtime of choice using the MoviePass app. Once you check in, your card is
automatically loaded and can be used to "purchase" your ticket at the box office
or kiosk.

Pros: Considering  movie tickets are $15 or more in large cities, the monthly
fee pays for itself within two or three trips to the theater.

Cons: The complex process of buying a single ticket -- and only when you're near
a theater -- can make getting tickets ahead of time a headache. You can't use
the app to buy tickets for moviegoing companions, nor can you purchase them for
3-D or IMAX showings (though MoviePass is exploring premium packages, which
would include movies in all formats at a higher price point).

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo QUAYSIDE, Getty Images/iStockphoto

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2016 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Nation (Thailand)

                            July 25, 2012 Wednesday

The knees have it

BYLINE: The Nation

LENGTH: 431 words


An amusement park in Guilin, China, is offering discounted tickets to women who
wear short skirts, attracting more visitors as well as criticism. Many women who
are 18 and older buy the discounted tickets during the summer - the peak season
for the park, according to Huang Min, a publicity staff member of the Guilin
Merryland Resort in the Guangxi Zhuang autonomous region. The normal price of
admission is 110 yuan (Bt550). Women who wear skirts that are shorter than 38
centimetres can get a 50 per cent discount. â[#x20ac]" China Daily/ANN

Go thirsty before you fly

Spending time in a New York airport can be an expensive experience as food and
drink often costs even more than in pricey Manhattan. A 20-ounce bottle of cola
costs around US$2.50 (Bt80) in JFK and La Guardia airports compared to
approximately $1.80 in Manhattan. The cheapest eating option is generally one of
the many fast-food chains operating in the airports. Many Americans also fill up
bottles of water from the numerous drinking water fountains situated in public
places.

Dinos down under

Backpackers holidaying in Queensland can now learn more about dinosaurs thanks
to the Australian Age of Dinosaurs museum, which is home to the world's largest
collection of Australian dinosaur fossils. There are also walking tours of the
1,800-hectare museum site, situated on a large natural flattop plateau about 20
kilometres from Winton. The museum is open daily from 8.30am to 5pm. Visit
www.AustralianAgeofDinosaurs.com.

Little Mermaid gets a beau

Copenhagen's melancholic statue "The Little Mermaid", the most famous public
artwork in Denmark won't be lonely much longer, as she is about to a male
companion more than a century after her installation in the Danish capital. Han,
a stainless steel young male figure, is to perch on a steel rock in a similar
pose in Helsingoer harbour across from Kronborg Castle, according to Visit
Denmark. The new statue is the work of Michael Elmgreen and Ingar Dragset and is
located on the northern coast of the island of Seeland, a 45-minute drive from
Copenhagen.

Riding with the Autobots

A 3D next generation ride through the world of the action film "Transformers"
awaits visitors to Universal Studios Hollywood in Los Angeles. Based on the
popular movie franchise, the ride is 600-metres long and incorporates 14
screens. "Transformers" director Michael Bay worked on the ride with Universal
Studios Hollywood where there are also attractions based on other blockbusters
such as "Jurassic Park" and "King Kong". Visit
www.UniversalStudiosHollywood.com/attractions/transformers-the-ride-3d.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Nation Multimedia Group
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 3, 2009 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

HOMEBUYERS GET OFF THE FENCE

BYLINE: SHANNON BEHNKEN, sbehnken@tampatrib.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 373 words


Discounted prices result in the biggest monthly jump in pending home sales since
2001.

By SHANNON BEHNKEN

sbehnken@tampatrib.com

TAMPA The nation's largest monthly jump in pending home sales in eight years is
because of deeply discounted existing homes, something of which Florida has
plenty.

The National Association of Realtors said Tuesday its seasonally adjusted index
of sales contracts signed in April surged 6.7 percent to 90.3, far exceeding
analysts' forecasts. It was the biggest monthly jump since October 2001, when
pending sales rose 9.2 percent.

"The sales are at the expense of pricing," said Mike Larson, a real estate
analyst at Weiss Research in Jupiter. "But this is bringing down our supply of
unsold homes - and the faster the better."

The big boost, economists say, is largely attributable to distressed property
sales, such as foreclosures and short sales. States such as Florida and
California, which were particularly hard-hit by the boom, lead the way.

Bay area real estate professionals aren't surprised.

Mena Reyes, who specializes in foreclosures, said buyers are not only snatching
up homes, but are also getting into bidding wars on some homes.

Other than price, the new federal $8,000 tax credit for first-time homebuyers is
persuading some buyers to act now.

Still, Lawrence Yun, chief economist for the National Association of Realtors,
cautioned that the pending sales data are more volatile than in the past because
many sellers need banks to agree to take less than the original mortgage - a
so-called "short sale." That process is often difficult, time-consuming and can
wind up falling apart before the deal closes.

The Realtors' index was 3.2 percent above last year's levels and has risen for
three straight months after hitting a record low in January. A nearly 33 percent
sales increase in the Northeast and a 9.8 percent jump in the Midwest led the
overall surge. Sales contracts rose 1.8 percent in April from a month earlier in
the West, but fell 0.2 percent in the South.

Information from the Associated Press was used in this report. Reporter Shannon
Behnken can be reached at (813) 259-7804.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                    January 4, 2001, Thursday, Home Edition

Delta ending Escape fares, adding more Web offers

BYLINE: Scott Leith, Staff

SOURCE: CONSTITUTION

SECTION: Business; Pg. 3K

LENGTH: 176 words

Delta Air Lines is scuttling its cheap-fare Delta Escape Plan in favor of
selling more cut-rate tickets online.

Delta Escape dates to 1995 and will be retired on May 1. For an annual fee,
members got discounted weekend flight offers via phone access codes. The program
was offered only in Delta hubs Atlanta and Cincinnati.

In 1999 Delta started offering similar weekend specials at its Web site, with no
membership fee.

"We've seen a steady decline in the use of Escape program fares," Delta
spokesman Russ Williams said Wednesday. "We are moving toward more Internet
products."

Delta will continue to sell discounted fares on its Internet site, via the Web
Fares and Fan Fares programs. Discounted Delta tickets can also be purchased
through online services such as Priceline.com and LastMinuteTravel. com.

Williams said distribution costs were one factor in ending Delta Escape, which
was an off-line program. In other words, it's cheaper for the airline to sell
discounted weekend seats on the Internet, where buyers do their own booking.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            June 30, 2010 Wednesday
                                   L2 Edition

Foreclosure sales still dominate local market

BYLINE: By Anna Marie Kukec, Daily Herald Business Writer akukec@dailyherald.com

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 638 words


Foreclosure home sales in Kane County accounted for more than 45 percent of the
county's overall real estate market sales during the first quarter of this year,
with an average discount of about 45 percent, according to data released today
by RealtyTrac Inc.

Kane County?s average cost for a foreclosed home was about $137,500, compared to
averages of $133,590 in Illinois and $171,971 nationwide, RealtyTrac said.

The Irvine, Calif., research firm's report showed that foreclosed home sales
continue to dominate the overall market in many states, as well as in Chicago
and surrounding counties.

"With about 7 million distressed owners nationwide and another 11 million
"underwater" (and therefore at risk of foreclosure), this problem is not going
anywhere anytime soon," said Phil Ashton, assistant professor of urban planning
and policy at the University of Illinois at Chicago. "In fact, homeowners in
distress now have few options absent foreclosure, as buyers are drawn toward
deals in the impacted segment of the market. There are already signs that the
market is further contracting, with some distressing recent data on new home
sales and the ending of the homebuyer tax credit both confirming parts of the
story told by the RealtyTrac numbers."

RealtyTrac released its first U.S. Foreclosure Sales Report for the first
quarter, looking at the number of foreclosed home sales, percent changes from
the previous quarter and year-ago quarter, average sale prices for those
foreclosed homes and how much they were discounted either as a foreclosure or
for a short sale.

On a local level, the study showed double-digit percentages in area counties.
For

example, McHenry County had foreclosed home sales accounting for 42 percent of
its real estate market sales, and those homes had an average discount of about
18 percent, the report said.

Lake County rivaled Cook County (including Chicago and surrounding suburbs) with
39 percent of foreclosed homes sales. Lake County homes were discounted about 44
percent, while Cook County discounted homes a whopping 53 percent, all on
average.

Those double digit figures reflect how unhealthy the real estate market
continues to be and likely will continue for a couple of more years, experts
said. In a typical, healthy market in Illinois, foreclosure sales would have
made up about 1 percent of total real estate sales, according to RealtyTrac
spokesman Daren Blomquist.

"There's still a high inventory of foreclosed homes that is still being worked
through," said RealtyTrac spokesman Daren Blomquist.

Still, the price discount figure does not capture how much the foreclosed home
is discounted to get someone to buy it, said Ashton.

"To figure that out, we'd need to compare Multiple Listing Service data on list
price against final sales price," said Ashton. "RealtyTrac appears to lump
together all sales in the state and compares average prices. North Shore
mansions against South Side bungalows. It's hard to see how those comparisons
are useful, and that's essentially what the data are comparing when you drill
down into the prevalence of foreclosures. They don't even use the word 'median,'
which worries me even further. A few mansions in Lincoln Park could easily make
the difference in average prices seem larger than it really is."

Studies were not immediately available to compare sales prices of homes versus
foreclosures on a closer level. Also some related studies often use different
formulas.

Last week, for example, the National Association of Realtors released its
monthly report, which said that the nationwide median (not average) price for
existing-homes of all types was $179,600 in May, up 2.7 percent from a year ago.

Distressed homes slipped to 31 percent of sales last month, compared with 33
percent in April. It was also 33 percent in May 2009, the realty group said.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday

Pennsylvania State Legislature Memoranda: Income level adjustment for discounted
vehicle registration

LENGTH: 227  words

DATELINE: New York



 Harrisburg: Pennsylvania State Legislature has issued the following Memoranda
updates:



 I soon will be reintroducing legislation proposing to raise the income level
for senior citizens to be eligible for the discounted $10 fee to register a
motor vehicle in the Commonwealth.





 Currently, any person who is retired and receiving social security or other
pension and whose total annual income does not exceed $19,200 is eligible to be
exempt from the normal fee for registering a vehicle in Pennsylvania and is
required to pay only a $10 processing fee to register their vehicle. My
legislation would increase that income level to $23,500.



 The income eligibility level that I am proposing is comparable to the current
income eligibility level in place for the PACENET drug assistance program.



 It should be noted that the last time the income eligibility level for the
discounted vehicle registration fee was raised was 1998. Over the past 15 years,
senior citizens have received COLAs or other adjustments to their retirement
plan that have elevated their income just barely over the eligibility limit for
this program. I believe it is time for another increase to ensure that deserving
senior citizens continue to be eligible for the program.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services
(South Dakota) Issues Solicitation for "Discounted Rate Warranty Agreement"

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service
officer has issued requirement for "Discounted Rate Warranty Agreement"

Solicitation No: IHS1307452

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: December 8, 2016

Description: The Great Plains Area IHS is announcing a sole-source award with
SRT Communications for data service at the new Minot facility. The facility will
need phone lines installed which are only provided by the local company, SRT
Communications. This company is responsible for providing the service and lines
to the Minot, ND area. These lines will need to be activated in order to have
phone and data services.  SRT will provide the lines as well as the discounted
long-term rates.  SRT Communications will alsoo provide a decreased pricing
warranty for the Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) system.  SRT Communications
provides all of the warranty and maintenance on the VOIP systems within the Area
and this purchase will allow for a lower price on the 60 month warrenty.  Due to
their current, only vendor, status within the area the VOIP System must have SRT
Communications to continue the VOIP warranty.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Contact Details: Federal Building, 115 4th Avenue SE Aberdeen, South Dakota
57401

Point of Contact(s): Kristina J. Baker kristina.baker@ihs.gov Phone: 6052267241


LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2016 Friday

Head Line: US Federal Contract Notice: Department of Health and Human Services
(South Dakota) Issues Solicitation for "Discounted Rate Warranty Agreement"

LENGTH: 228  words

DATELINE: New York


WASHINGTON: Department of Health and Human Services, Indian Health Service
officer has issued requirement for "Discounted Rate Warranty Agreement"

Solicitation No: IHS1307452

Notice Type: Special Notice
Posted Date: December 8, 2016

Description: The Great Plains Area IHS is announcing a sole-source award with
SRT Communications for data service at the new Minot facility. The facility will
need phone lines installed which are only provided by the local company, SRT
Communications. This company is responsible for providing the service and lines
to the Minot, ND area. These lines will need to be activated in order to have
phone and data services.  SRT will provide the lines as well as the discounted
long-term rates.  SRT Communications will alsoo provide a decreased pricing
warranty for the Voice Over Internet Protocol (VOIP) system.  SRT Communications
provides all of the warranty and maintenance on the VOIP systems within the Area
and this purchase will allow for a lower price on the 60 month warrenty.  Due to
their current, only vendor, status within the area the VOIP System must have SRT
Communications to continue the VOIP warranty.



Set Aside: N/A

The NAICS code number for this requirement: 541

Contact Details: Federal Building, 115 4th Avenue SE Aberdeen, South Dakota
57401

Point of Contact(s): Kristina J. Baker kristina.baker@ihs.gov Phone: 6052267241


LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday

Travel Q&A: How can I snag a bargain first-class air fare?

BYLINE: Michael Martinez

SECTION: TRAVEL; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 414 words


Q. Is there such a thing as bargain first-class air fares? If so, how do I find
them?

B.B. Hickman, Livermore

A. There definitely are ways to get discounted tickets in first and business
class, and you can save a lot - but it doesn't mean they're cheap.

Online, check out Airawards.com and Executiveclasstravel.com , two sites that
sell discounted first- and business-class tickets to business and leisure
travelers. You can save up to 60 percent off published fares, said Terri Gay of
Pasadena-based Airawards.com , but you'll have to call each site or fill out a
request form to get a specific rate.

One sample fare that caught our eye on Executiveclasstravel.com : San Francisco
to Paris in business class for $2,795 round trip; the best price we found online
was $4,700.

Some airlines, such as US Airways, allow you to upgrade when you check in at
their kiosks, sometimes for as little as $50 per flight. And American Airlines
(www.aa.com) now has a feature on its Web site that allows consumers to find
coach tickets that come with instant upgrades. When searching for fares, click
on the option that says "Search by price and schedule." First-class seats are
sometimes cheaper than fully refundable fares.

If you're traveling from San Francisco to New York, Virgin America has
first-class fares on its new planes for as little as $449 each way if you book
far enough in advance.

Q. My son is going to visit Costa Rica. How safe is it? What precautions should
he take?

A. Costa Rica is not a particularly dangerous country to visit, at least as far
as terrorism or violent demonstrations go.

But, as in most countries, crime exists, and travelers should exercise caution.
According to the U.S. State Department's Web site, www.travel.state.gov, theft
is common, especially on public transportation, so visitors should always secure
their belongings and not leave personal items in rental cars. Americans also
should avoid areas where there are concentrations of bars and nightclubs,
especially at night, and stay in hotels outside the San Jose city center; the
U.S. Embassy puts its guests in larger hotels in the suburbs.

Your son should make sure his passport does not expire within 30 days of his
arrival in the country. It should also be in good condition; he could be denied
entry if it's damaged in any way. And because passport theft is fairly common,
he should carry a copy and leave the original in a hotel safe.

Have a question? Contact Michael Martinez at travelqa@mercurynews.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                           September 1, 2007 Saturday

Salesman guilty in yearbook scam

BYLINE: SCOTT DAUGHERTY; Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 441  words


A Crownsville man bilked the Midshipmen Welfare Fund out of $62,000 in 2001,
arranging for the publication of the Naval Academy yearbook at an inflated
price.

Joseph M. Wenzl, 40, pleaded guilty yesterday in U.S. District Court in
Baltimore to mail fraud, admitting he scammed the academy and several other area
colleges and high schools.

The Midshipmen Welfare Fund pays for the publication of the "Lucky Bag" and
handles other morale matters. A Lucky Bag, which is named for a ship's lost and
found bag, is gifted to each graduating officer.

"It's a very brazen fraud scheme," said U.S. Attorney Rod J. Rosenstein, noting
Wenzl scammed five different schools out of more than $400,000 between 1998 and
2003.

Wenzl, who worked as a regional sales representative for Taylor Publishing
Company at the time, faces up to five years in prison. Mr. Rosenstein also
expects U.S. District Court Judge William D. Quarles, Jr. to order Wenzle to pay
restitution when he is sentenced Jan. 4.

"I don't know what the odds are on actually collecting on that," Mr. Rosenstein
said.

Deborah Goode, spokesman for the Naval Academy, declined to comment about the
case since Wenzl hasn't been sentenced.

According to the plea agreement, Wenzl got the publishing company to agree to
"highly discounted" contract prices for the production of yearbooks between
October 1998 and January 2003. At the same time, he negotiated a different and
higher price with the schools - allowing him to pocket the difference.

Prosecutors said all money was funneled through Wenzl, who sent the school's
special invoices. As a consequence, the schools were not aware of the
publisher's discounted prices and the publisher was not aware of Wenzl's
negotiated higher prices.

His scam came to Annapolis in 2001. The Midshipmen Welfare Fund contracted with
the publisher through Wenzl that year for the Lucky Bag. After sending Taylor an
initial deposit, however, Wenzl convinced the company to discount the final
invoice to $173,000.

Prosecutors said that while the publisher thought it forwarded the discounted
invoice to the Naval Academy, it actually went to Wenzl's post office box in
Towson.

"He basically intercepted it," Mr. Rosenstein said.

Wenzl then issued his own invoice to the academy, reflecting a total price of
$267,963. Prosecutors said that on Oct. 15, 2001, the Midshipmen Welfare Fund
then sent a $62,093 check, payable to the publisher, to Wenzl's office. Wenzl
deposited the check in a bank account he controlled.

Prosecutors said he repeated this scheme with George Washington University,
Howard University, and two high schools in Washington, D.C. and Prince George's
County.

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2007 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           April 22, 1987, Wednesday

3 MAJOR AIRLINES EXPECTED TO EXTEND DISCOUNT FARES

BYLINE: (AP)

SECTION: TRANSPORTATION, Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 662 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


The nation's major airlines are expected to offer deeply discounted special
fares through the end of the summer, analysts say, following moves taken or
planned by several carriers.

Continental and Eastern Airlines, both units of Texas Air Corp., said Monday
they planned to continue offering the deeply discounted "Maxsaver" fares they
introduced late in January, although the tickets will be more expensive and arry
more restrictions.

Minneapolis-based Northwest Airlines said it expected to match the extension,
while several other major airlines said they were studying the move.

The Maxsavers currently offered by Continental and Eastern previously were to
end May 20. Those non-refundable fares are discounted by as much as 80 percent
from regular fares and are less than the supersaver fares that previously were
the industry's lowest.

Industry analysts said they expected the major airlines to follow the move,
especially because the summer fares would be higher and slightly more
restrictive than the current Maxsavers.

"Those are two positives," said Louis Marckesano, of Janney Montgomery Scott
Inc. in Pittsburgh. "We were hoping they would modify pricing upward and or
increase the minimum stay involved."

Thomas G. Plaskett, Continental's president, told a news conference that some 3
million passengers had bought the fares from Continental and Eastern since Feb.
1.

The fares good through May 20 - intended to fill seats that otherwise would go
empty on many flights - could be purchased at any time up until two days before
the flight. Passengers changing or canceling their reservations forfeited the
entire ticket price.

The summer fares will cost more than the earlier Maxsavers and the advance
purchase require ment was stretched to seven days. They also require a Saturday
night stay-over and a round-trip purchase.

The summer Maxsavers are priced from $ 38 to $ 278 round trip, compared with a
range of $ 38 to $ 198 round trip before May 20. A Maxsaver flight from New York
to Los Angeles, for example, would be $ 129 one-way this summer, compared with $
89 each way before May 20.

Continental also said it was trimming the advance purchase restriction on its
regular supersavers to seven days from 30 days, while reducing the cancellation
penalty to 25 percent from 50 percent. Continental also said ticket holders
could change supersaver reservations for a flat $ 25 fee instead of the previous
50 percent penalty.

Unlike the first Maxsavers, no expiration date has been set for the post- May 21
fares.

Mr. Plaskett said Continental believed the fare extension would be industrywide,
noting "our analysis is that the fares have been very advantageous to the
industry" because of the "impulse buying" they generated.

He also said the non-refundability may have cut down on no-shows, saying
Maxsaver no-shows were five to six percentage points less than for other fares.

In a related matter, Mr. Plaskett also said Continental had asked the Department
of Transportation to require U.S. airlines to routinely disclose service
information such as on-time performance, complaints about lost luggage and the
time it takes for answers on telephone reservation lines.

Mr. Plaskett said industry deregulation made it tougher for consumers to
evaluate the various carriers, and disclosure of efficiency information would
improve competition in service-related areas.

United and Northwest representatives said they would support such disclosures.

"We would support the disclosure because it would help positively differentiate
United," said Matt Gonring, at United's Chicago headquarters. ''We've got a good
service record. We think reporting would prove out our high quality."

One airline official who asked not to be identified said requiring disclosure of
such information could prompt airlines to cut down on ''convenience" services,
such as delaying some connecting flights when an arriving flight is late.

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1987 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 26, 2010 Friday

Nome to become rural trash disposal hub

BYLINE: Sean Manget, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 686 words


Feb. 26--For many of the villages surrounding Nome, properly disposing of toxic
waste is a difficult task, said Kari Van Delden, service district faculty member
with the University of Alaska Fairbanks Cooperative Extension.

A lack of reliable roads out of these communities makes it difficult to drive
out very far to get rid of the garbage. Many residents of these communities
simply throw their trash into landfills located near the villages, and much of
that refuse, especially from computer monitors and other electronic devices,
will go on to pollute the water and land nearby.

To help combat this problem, Kawerak Inc., which provides services to many
villages in the Bering Straits region, began a program Feb. 17 to turn Nome into
a regional hub for 15 of the nearby villages to dispose of potentially toxic
electronic and "white" waste, which includes household appliances, such as
refrigerators and washing machines, according to a written press release from
air carrier Everts Air Cargo.

The garbage will make its way to Nome from these surrounding villages by way of
carriers Bering Air and Ryan Air, which will offer discounted rates for the
hauls.

Wilfred Ryan Jr., president of Ryan Air, said his carrier recently received a
proposal for the project and is still working out the details of the program
with Karewak and other nonprofit organizations involved.

Everts will offer discounted rates for transporting the garbage out of Nome; the
carrier's normal rate of 25 cents per pound dropping to about half of that
amount, said Susan Hoshaw, the airline's director of ground services.

The carrier doesn't plan on profiting from the venture, but it also won't take a
hit. The planes flying into Nome will transport goods into the community from
Anchorage before backhauling the garbage to their point of origin, meaning
they'll profit from the initial trip out and help offset the cost of gas and
maintenance with the backhaul, Hoshaw said.

After transporting the garbage to Anchorage, much of it, especially old
electronic devices, will be handed over to Total Reclaim, a Seattle-based
recycling firm with an office in Anchorage.

Workers in the firm's Anchorage office will then process the waste at a
discounted rate, down from the typical 35 cents per pound to 25 cents per pound,
and ship it to the Seattle center for dismantling.

Refrigerators will have their refrigerants removed, and many of them will be
handed over to Schnitzer Steel's metal recycling facility in Anchorage.

E-waste, including computer monitors, computer chips and other electronic
devices, will make up much of the garbage hauled from these communities.

Rainwater can cause lead to leak out of CRT monitors, said Total Reclaim
Outreach Coordinator Reilly Kosinski, causing a health hazard for the community.

Total Reclaim helps negate this threat by separating the recyclable parts, such
as the glass and circuitry metal, and disposing of the toxic materials safely.

Kosinski said his firm may take a hit financially, but that largely depends on
the condition of the arriving trash. If extra work is required to untangle and
process the electronics, the cost associated with recycling the waste will go
up, and the discounted rates remove much of the cost pillow that existed under
the normal rates.

Hoshaw said Everts would like to see more air carriers aiding Bush communities
with toxic waste disposal, explaining that although Everts is among the first
companies to take up this responsibility, it is merely a cog in a much larger
mechanism.

"We are kind of a conduit, and we're facilitating others coming into the
program," she said.

Sean Manget can be reached at sean.manget.@alaskajournal.com

To see more of the Alaska Journal of Commerce, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.alaskajournal.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Alaska Journal of
Commerce, Anchorage Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100226-JA-Nome-to-become-rural-trash-disposal-hub-0226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2010 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: PLANT CITY; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 565 words


Sweetbay Supermarkets is selling discounted admission tickets for the Florida
Strawberry Festival, which it will offer throughout the 11-day run of the event
that opens March 1.

All Sweetbay locations sell the tickets for the discounted price of $8 for
adults, $4 for children (ages 6-12), a savings of $2 and $1, respectively.
Children 5 and younger get in free with a paid adult.

Advance discounted admission tickets are also available through the Amscot Main
Ticket Gate, 2209 W. Oak Ave., 8:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. until Feb. 29.

Only Sweetbay will have discounted admission tickets once the festival starts.

Parade entry forms available

Applications are available online for the March 3 Youth Parade at www.
flstrawberryfestival.com.

In addition to trophies and rosettes, awards for nonprofessional parade units
include $100 for the best entry by a club or group, and for the best float by a
church. The best marching unit and best band each receive a trophy and rosette.

Winners will be announced after the parade.

For information, call Pat Pogue at (813) 754-4680 or email ppogue1559@aol .com.

College tips for Hispanics

Hillsborough County public schools will offer a college information night for
Hispanic students at 6:30 p.m., Feb. 23, at Strawberry Crest High School, 4691
Gallagher Road.

The session will focus on the benefits of a college education, preparing and
applying for college and the financial aid and scholarship processes.

The program will be entirely in Spanish.

County to honor berry fest

Hillsborough County commissioners will honor the Florida Strawberry Festival at
their Feb. 22 meeting.

The commission will honor the strawberry queen, her court, festival directors,
city commissioners, the Greater Plant City Chamber of Commerce and strawberry
growers at 9 a.m.

Photo contest under way

The Plant City Photo Archives and History Center is seeking stories and photos
from Plant City High School students for its third-annual photojournalism
contest. Entries should tell a story about some facet of Plant City's history.

Students should select between one and four photos, and write a story describing
what is happening in each. The stories should be typed and 300 to 600 words. The
top three placers will get prizes of $100, $75 and $50.

Winners will be announced March 14. Stories and photos will be displayed at the
March 29 Plant City Photo Archives' annual awards banquet and, eventually, at
the archives center.

Entry forms are available from Sherrie Mueller, Plant City High School college
and career counselor, and from the archives center, from 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Tuesday through Saturday.

Submit entries to Mueller by Feb. 23, and make sure your name and address are on
all submitted items.

For information, email info@plantcityphotoarchives.org

The stemming of the luscious red berries at festival time is a fine-tuned event
at the 1914 PCHS Community Center, 605 N. Collins, home of the East Hillsborough
Historical Society.

Friends and neighbors are invited to bring bowls and paring knives to help stem,
beginning at 9 a.m. Feb. 28.

To volunteer, call (813) 757-9226.

The society supplies the berries and the gloves, drinks and snacks and old-time
gossip, too. Stemming and shortcake booth volunteers receive a free gate ticket
to the Strawberry Festival.

From staff reports

Copyright © 2012, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: February 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2012 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 11, 2016 Monday

Regulatory update: Maryland Public Service Commission; Verizon Maryland LLC ,
has issued (ML# 182155) Verizon Maryland LLC filed, on January 07, 2016,
Transmittal No. 1824. The Company proposes to update its Tel-Life Service and
Enhanced Tel-Life Service tariffs to reflect that they will no longer be
available for resale. Effective: February 9, 2016.

LENGTH: 1576  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Annapolis: Maryland Public Service Commission has issued the following document
(filing):



 Annette Brown Regional State Advocacy

 1 East Pratt Street

 8th Floor

 Baltimore, MD 21202

 410-393-7482

 e.annette.brown@verizon.com

 January 7, 2016

 Transmittal No. 1824

 David J. Collins

 Executive Secretary

 Public Service Commission of Maryland

 William Donald Schaefer Tower

 6 St. Paul Street

 Baltimore, Maryland 21202-6806

 Dear Mr. Collins:



 Herewith, for filing with the Commission in accordance with Public Service
Commission procedures, are an original and seventeen copies of Verizon Maryland
LLC's Proposed Tariff Changes and the following tariff pages that reflect the
changes:

 LOCAL EXCHANGE SERVICES TARIFF, P.S.C.-Md.-No. 202, Section 2A, 2nd Revised
Page 1a

 Section 2C, 2nd Revised Page 2

 Pursuant to the Federal Communications Commission's rulings in Lifeline and
Link Up Reform and Modernization, et al., WC Docket No. 11-42 et al., Second
Report and Order, FCC 15-71, released June 22, 2015 (the Lifeline Second Report
and Order) (effective August 13, 2015), Verizon Maryland LLC encloses revisions
to the Tel-Life Service and Enhanced Tel-Life Service tariffs. These tariffs are
being revised to reflect that Tel-Life and Enhanced Tel-Life will no longer be
available for resale effective February 9, 2016. An industry letter was
distributed on November 9, 2015 informing resellers of these changes. The
Company requests that the Commission allow this filing to become effective on
February 9, 2016.

 Should you have any questions, I may be reached on 410-393-7482.

 Sincerely,

 cc: Juan Alvarado

 Theresa Czarski

 Description of Filing

 Pursuant to the Federal Communications Commission's rulings in Lifeline and
Link Up Reform and Modernization, et al., WC Docket No. 11-42 et al., Second
Report and Order, FCC 15-71, released June 22, 2015 (the Lifeline Second Report
and Order) (effective August 13, 2015), Verizon Maryland LLC encloses revisions
to the Tel-Life Service and Enhanced Tel-Life Service tariffs. These tariffs are
being revised to reflect that Tel-Life and Enhanced Tel-Life will no longer be
available for resale effective February 9, 2016. An industry letter was
distributed on November 9, 2015 informing resellers of these changes.

 November 09, 2015

 Audience: Resellers

 Subject : Verizon Partner Solutions Industry Letter: Verizon Industry Letter:

 Discontinuation of Resale of Lifeline and Link Up Discounted Retail Services

 This notice concerns discontinuation of resale of Lifeline and Link Up
discounted

 retail services pursuant to the FCCs rulings in Lifeline and Link Up Reform and


 Modernization, et al., WC Docket No. 11-42 et al., Second Report and Order, FCC


 15-71, released June 22, 2015 (the Lifeline Second Report and Order) (effective


 August 13, 2015).

 Under the Lifeline Second Report and Order, the FCC eliminated: (i) any
obligation

 Verizon had under Section 251(c)(4) of the Act to offer for resale its Lifeline
and/or

 Link Up discounted retail offerings, and (ii) any reimbursement to Verizon for
any

 resold Lifeline and/or Link Up services. The Second Report and Order
established

 a transition period of 180 days before the above-referenced changes become

 effective. Accordingly, Verizon will cease providing resold Lifeline and Link
Up

 service in all jurisdictions effective February 9, 2016. In addition, Verizon
will

 eliminate the Lifeline discount on all existing resold Lifeline services
effective

 February 9, 2016.

 Resellers that currently purchase Lifeline discounted services from Verizon for


 resale purposes will receive an additional notice regarding this matter
pursuant to

 the terms of their interconnection agreement with Verizon.

 If your company does not currently purchase Lifeline discounted services from

 Verizon for resale purposes and believes in good faith that your
interconnection

 agreement with Verizon requires an amendment regarding the above actions,

 please provide written support for your position to your Verizon Account
Manager

 within thirty (30) days of the date of this notice.

 If you have any questions regarding this notice, please contact your Account
Manager.

 This communication is provided by the VGW Account Management Support. Requests
to subscribe or unsubscribe to this distribution may be processed at:

 http://www22.verizon.com/wholesale/subscriptions/

 Proposed Tariff Changes

 LOCAL EXCHANGE SERVICES TARIFF

 P.S.C.-Md.-No. 202

 Verizon Maryland LLC Section 2A

 2nd Revised Page 1a

 Cancels 1st Revised Page 1a

 TEL-LIFE SERVICE

 B. REGULATIONS (Cont'd)

 7. Effective January 1, 1998, Long Distance Message Restriction service, as
specified in Section 6 of the General Services Tariff, will be available to
Tel-Life customers at no charge.

 Tel-Life Toll Restriction Service will be available to Tel-Life customers at no
charge. This service prevents the origination of the following types of calls:.

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance calls

 - 700/900 calls

 - Audiotex calls

 - Collect and Third Party calls billed to a customer's Tel-Life line

 - Connect ReQuest®

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance Directory Assistance calls

 8. Tel-Life Service will not be disconnected for nonpayment of toll charges.
Verizon Maryland, however, will initiate Tel-Life Toll Restriction Service if
the Tel-Life customer has a toll balance of $20.00 or more, carried over from a
previous bill, that is not paid within five days past the due date of the
current bill.

 9. Effective as of February 9, 2016, Tel-Life Service is not available for
resale. (N)

 Issued: January 7, 2016 Effective: February 9, 2016

 LOCAL EXCHANGE SERVICES TARIFF

 P.S.C.-Md.-No. 202

 Verizon Maryland LLC Section 2C

 2nd Revised Page 2

 Cancels 1st Revised Page 2

 ENHANCED TEL-LIFE SERVICE

 B. REGULATIONS (Cont'd)

 7. Long Distance Message Restriction service, as specified in Section 6 of the
General Services Tariff, will be available to Enhanced Tel-Life customers at no
charge.

 Enhanced Tel-Life Toll Restriction Service will be available to Enhanced
Tel-Life customers at no charge. This service prevents the origination of the
following types of calls:

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance calls

 - 700/900 calls

 - Audiotex calls

 - Collect and Third Party calls billed to a customer's Enhanced Tel-Life line

 - Connect ReQuest®

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance Directory Assistance calls

 8. Enhanced Tel-Life Service will not be disconnected for nonpayment of toll
charges. Verizon Maryland, however, will initiate Enhanced Tel-Life Toll
Restriction Service if the Enhanced Tel-Life customer has a toll balance of
$20.00 or more, carried over from a previous bill, that is not paid within five
days past the due date of the current bill.

 9. Effective as of February 9, 2016, Enhanced Tel-Life Service is not available
for resale. (N)

 Issued: January 7, 2016 Effective: February 9, 2016

 New Tariff Pages

 LOCAL EXCHANGE SERVICES TARIFF

 P.S.C.-Md.-No. 202

 Verizon Maryland LLC Section 2A

 2nd Revised Page 1a

 Cancels 1st Revised Page 1a

 TEL-LIFE SERVICE

 B. REGULATIONS (Cont'd)

 7. Effective January 1, 1998, Long Distance Message Restriction service, as
specified in Section 6 of the General Services Tariff, will be available to
Tel-Life customers at no charge.

 Tel-Life Toll Restriction Service will be available to Tel-Life customers at no
charge. This service prevents the origination of the following types of calls:

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance calls

 - 700/900 calls

 - Audiotex calls

 - Collect and Third Party calls billed to a customer's Tel-Life line

 - Connect ReQuest®

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance Directory Assistance calls

 8. Tel-Life Service will not be disconnected for nonpayment of toll charges.
Verizon Maryland, however, will initiate Tel-Life Toll Restriction Service if
the Tel-Life customer has a toll balance of $20.00 or more, carried over from a
previous bill, that is not paid within five days past the due date of the
current bill.

 9. Effective as of February 9, 2016, Tel-Life Service is not available for (N)
resale. (N)

 Issued: January 7, 2016 Effective: February 9, 2016

 LOCAL EXCHANGE SERVICES TARIFF

 P.S.C.-Md.-No. 202

 Verizon Maryland LLC Section 2C

 2nd Revised Page 2

 Cancels 1st Revised Page 2

 ENHANCED TEL-LIFE SERVICE

 B. REGULATIONS (Cont'd)

 7. Long Distance Message Restriction service, as specified in Section 6 of the
General Services Tariff, will be available to Enhanced Tel-Life customers at no
charge.

 Enhanced Tel-Life Toll Restriction Service will be available to Enhanced
Tel-Life customers at no charge. This service prevents the origination of the
following types of calls:

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance calls

 - 700/900 calls

 - Audiotex calls

 - Collect and Third Party calls billed to a customer's Enhanced Tel-Life line

 - Connect ReQuest®

 - Interstate and intrastate long distance Directory Assistance calls

 8. Enhanced Tel-Life Service will not be disconnected for nonpayment of toll
charges. Verizon Maryland, however, will initiate Enhanced Tel-Life Toll
Restriction Service if the Enhanced Tel-Life customer has a toll balance of
$20.00 or more, carried over from a previous bill, that is not paid within five
days past the due date of the current bill.

 9. Effective as of February 9, 2016, Enhanced Tel-Life Service is not (N)
available for resale. (N)

 Issued: January 7, 2016 Effective: February 9, 2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Alumna to perform at 99.9 The Point Jingle Jam 2014

LENGTH: 196  words

DATELINE: Fort Collins


Colorado State University has issued the following news release:

Leihoku (pronounced ley-hoh-koo), a singer-songwriter, Hawaiian native and
Colorado State University theater graduate, will visit the CSU campus Thursday,
Dec. 4.

The alumna will perform a short set of her music before heading to the Budweiser
Events Center in Loveland, where she will perform at 6:30 p.m. as part of the
lineup for the 2014 Radio 99.9 The Point's Jingle Jam.

Leihoku's contemporary vocals create a pop sound with an island beat. Her newest
single, "Always," comes from her EP "Trouble with You Gone."

Leihoku joins electronic crossover artist Lindsey Stirling, pop act Gavin DeGraw
and indie pop group Echosmith. Another performer who has been added to the
lineup is Jacquie Lee, a 17-year-old finalist from The Voice.
Discounted tickets for students

CSU's RamEvents is partnering with the Budweiser Event Center to sell
student-priced tickets to the show at a discounted price of $18.99. Discounted
tickets are available  at the information desk in the LSC and the CSU box
office.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Crain's Cleveland Business

                                 March 08, 1999

MED MUTUAL'S THIRD-PARTY DISCOUNTS ANGER HOSPITALS

BYLINE: RAQUEL SANTIAGO

SECTION: Health Care; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 878 words


Medical Mutual of Ohio's practice of allowing third parties to take advantage of
the discounted hospital rates the insurer has negotiated is irritating
Cleveland-area hospitals.

For years, Medical Mutual aggressively has negotiated discounts with area
hospitals on behalf of the 1.4 million people whose health insurance is provided
or administered by the company. However, Medical Mutual also has become bolder
of late in applying contract terms and its discounts to other insurers and third
party administrators that do business with the company.

The trend concerns hospital officials such as Mike Szubski, vice president of
corporate finance for EMH Regional Medical Center in Elyria.

''The more business (hospitals) bring in at heavily discounted rates, the less
hospitals will be paid overall," Mr. Szubski said.

Indeed, hospitals fear the practice ultimately will leave them in a position
where they are granting discounts to many more patients than they intended.

For example, Medical Mutual last December entered into an arrangement with Devon
Health Services, a Pennsylvania-based provider of health insurance in
Pennsylvania, New Jersey, New York and Delaware. Under the arrangement, people
enrolled with Devon who seek care at Northeast Ohio hospitals that contract with
Medical Mutual are charged the same rates as people enrolled in Medical Mutual's
health plans. In turn, Medical Mutual's customers can seek care from providers
that contract with Devon.

While Medical Mutual said its third-party policies are nothing new, hospitals
increasingly are concerned because the insurer is developing more such ties in
an effort to boost its revenues and restore its profits.

''The hospital community is very upset," said Tom Onusko, a health care attorney
for Arter & Hadden. "They think it is unfair that Medical Mutual is unilaterally
adding covered persons to their contracts that really aren't their clients."

Ron Rafal, chief financial officer and treasurer for Medical Mutual, takes a
different view.

''This is a benefit to hospitals because we are steering volume to them," Mr.
Rafal said. Already, Ceres Group, a Strongsville-based insurance company, uses
Medical Mutual's health care network -- and its lower rates -- for the managed
care product of Ceres' Central Reserve Life Corp. unit.

Some hospitals don't think more volume is such a good thing at Medical Mutual's
discounted rates, and they say they're not certain the insurer has the right to
offer its discounted rates to others.

''We have somewhat of a different opinion as to whether the contract allows
that," said Ron Winters, vice president of professional services for Robinson
Memorial Hospital in Ravenna.

''Our concern is that employers that otherwise could not avail themselves of
those discounts" now have access to them, Mr. Winters said. Medical Mutual is
the largest insurer with which Robinson Memorial contracts, and payments from
Medical Mutual make up about 10% of its patient revenues.

Providing third parties with access to its network is a way for Medical Mutual
to expand the number of people it can refer to hospitals. It then can use that
increased volume to negotiate even more aggressive discounts with hospitals, and
can use the discounts to induce other companies to use Medical Mutual's billing
and network services.

''We're absolutely trying to grow every part of our business," said Michael
Taddeo, vice president of health care finance and network development for
Medical Mutual.

Expanding its business is of particular concern for Medical Mutual because it
lost $23 million on $1.01 billion in premium revenue in 1998. Its reserves by
the end of last year had dwindled to $100.1 million, down 21% from the $127.5
million it reported the year before. Reserves are used by insurers to pay for
claims.

Growth by extending its network to others that agree to do business with the
company also is important to Medical Mutual because it no longer handles
accounts for the 66 Blue Cross plans across the country that it could serve when
it was part of the national Blue Cross and Blue Shield Association.

As part of its growth effort, Medical Mutual is preparing to open two offices in
Indiana to pitch its network in Ohio to third parties there. The offices are
planned for Indianapolis and Fort Wayne and may be opened by July, Mr. Taddeo
said.

Medical Mutual's push to expand its third-party deals has hospital officials
looking for possible recourse.

John Callender, senior vice president for OHA: The Association for Hospitals and
Health Systems, which represents the interests of hospitals in Ohio, said the
group may approach state lawmakers to amend pending managed care legislation to
require insurers to state clearly when they make their discounts and networks
available to others.

''There will likely be an effort to ban (such practices) because it is not fair
for hospitals who have entered agreements with insurers based on a certain
amount of volume," said Paul Lee, president of Strategic Health Care, a health
care consulting firm in Columbus.

''The bottom line for hospitals is they're bringing in less revenue for the same
procedures (under terms) they did not negotiate with payors," Mr. Lee said.

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1999 Crain Communications, Inc.


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 14, 2015 Monday

Business benefits: Sam's Club pilot program lets members sell to each other

BYLINE: Kirby Lee Davis

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 586  words


TULSA - Sam's Club is testing a new business-to-business pilot program in Tulsa
and Oklahoma City.

The Wal-Mart Stores subsidiary is signing up business members to participate in
Member2Member Marketplace, Sam's Club Senior Director of Member Services Scott
Benedict said. This will establish a platform for Sam's Club members to sell to
other business members, said Benedict, who compared it to Groupon and other
e-commerce connectors.

"We've got the ability to track just about everything and anything," said Mike
Floyd, manager of the Sam's Club at the Tulsa Hills Shopping Center. "We are
able to connect people and find out what they're buying, what they need, what
their trends are, what will help their business. "

The giant wholesaler, which has 12 Oklahoma locations, has no targeted launch
date for Member2Member, which it also is testing around Tampa Bay, Florida. But
the company already lists the service on its website under member benefits,
joining a portfolio of other discounted business services launched over the last
year.

Benedict said these services boost the value of Sam's Club membership by helping
small businesses obtain accounting, payroll, electronic payment, and other
operating needs at discounted prices. The list of options has grown to include
credit lines, loans and legal services. Last week Sam's added a nationwide
automobile buying program through TrueCar.

"We're utilizing these services to help try and drive the costs down for
members," Floyd said.

In most cases the portfolio connects Sam's Club members to outside providers
such as First Data, Legal Zoom and Lending Club. Benedict said the company
receives no funds from these transactions. Instead, Sam's benefits by increasing
the value of its membership.

"Our intention is not to make money on these services," he said. "It's to engage
our members. Ultimately we deepen our relationship with our members. "

Such services help small businesses keep pace with regulations and
infrastructure changes without huge outlays, said University of Central Oklahoma
economist Sue Lynn Sasser. Such bundling also helps Wal-Mart keep pace with
competitors like Amazon.com, which packages multiple services within its Amazon
Prime membership.

"These large companies are always looking at ways they can diversify themselves
without having to themselves put out a whole lot of that initial capital outlay,
because that's expensive," Sasser said.

Such programs also prove a blessing to supplier companies, she said.

"Those companies have a whole set of potential customers they've never had
before and might not have any way to access otherwise," Sasser said. "Those are
all fairly expensive services for businesses to have if you're a small business
and you have to go out and hire all those on your own, whether you outsource
them or provide them internally. "

These services play a role in keeping Sam's customers coming back to its stores,
said Floyd, who knows many area members on a first-name basis through his 15
years of service at three different Tulsa locations. He continues to study and
anticipate their buying needs even as customers adapt to online purchases, which
they may collect at his store through its Club Pickup service.

About 600,000 members use Sam's Club's online or brick-and-mortar locations
daily across North America, Benedict said. The company provided no other
membership data.

http://www.journalrecord.com/be-the-first-to-know/ Click here for more from this
resource.

© 2015 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         LeRoy Independent (Minnesota)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                                August 18, 2011

State Fair offers good values;
- Dozens of Ways to Save at This Years Great Minnesota Get-Together

BYLINE: LeRoy Independent staff

LENGTH: 1026  words


ST. PAUL, MINN. The 2011 Great Minnesota Get-Together is just two weeks away.
This year's 12 days of fun feature a variety of discounts, special days and
bargain-hunting tools.

Before-the-Fair Savings

Pre-fair adult discount admission tickets are $9 (a $3 discount off the regular
adult admission price) and are valid any day of the fair. Also prior to the
fair, Mighty Midway and Kidway ride & game tickets are $10 for a sheet of 20 (a
$5 savings), and Blue Ribbon Bargain coupon books are $4 ($1 off the regular
price).

Discounted State Fair admission tickets, Mighty Midway and Kidway ride & game
tickets and Blue Ribbon Bargain Books are available through Aug. 24 at the State
Fair Box Office, participating Cub Foods Stores and numerous locations in
greater Minnesota and western Wisconsin. Discount tickets and Bargain Books may
also be purchased at mnstatefair.org until 5 p.m. on Aug. 16. A complete list of
sales outlets is available at mnstatefair.org or by calling (651) 288-4400.

During the fair, regular admission is $12 for adults (13-64); $10 for seniors
(65 & over); and $10 for kids (5-12). Children (under 5) are always admitted
free. Mighty Midway and Kidway tickets purchased at the fair are 75 cents per
ticket, $20 per sheet of 28 or $30 per sheet of 44. Throughout the fair, Blue
Ribbon Bargain Books are $5 and available at State FairWear Gift Shops and State
Fair Foundation Kiosks.

Special Deal Days

The State Fair kicks off with savings for families on Thrifty Thursday, Aug. 25.
Discounted admission for adults (13-64) is $10 and kids (5-12) is $7.

Monday, Aug. 29 is Seniors & Kids Day. Seniors (65 & over) and kids (5-12) are
admitted for just $7.

Military Appreciation Day (new in 2011) is Tuesday, Aug. 30 when active, retired
and veteran United States military with documentation are admitted for $7.
(Active military and their families present one document to apply the discount
to all immediate family members. Retired military and/or veterans are allowed
one discount per person per document.)

Aug. 31 is Read & Ride Wednesday. Guests presenting valid public library cards
when purchasing admission at the gate are admitted for the following discounted
prices: adults (13-64) $10; seniors (65 & over) $7; and kids (5-12) $7. (One
card is required for each discounted admission.)

Seniors Day is Thursday, Sept. 1. Guests ages 65 and over are admitted for just
$7.

Labor Day, Sept. 5 is Kids Day when children ages 5-12 are admitted for only $7.

Many vendors feature special day deals on Thrifty Thursday, Aug. 25, Seniors &
Kids Day, Aug. 29; Military Appreciation Day, Aug. 30; Seniors Day, Sept. 1; and
Kids & Last Chance Day, Sept. 5. Participating vendors will display a special
deal sign and are listed in the Deals, Drawings & Giveaways Guide available at
all information booths and at mnstatefair.org. Select vendors also feature
closeout prices on Kids & Last Chance Day, Sept. 5. Last Chance Day deals will
be listed in a special flyer available on Labor Day at State Fair information
booths.

More Fun for Less at Mighty Midway & Kidway

Specials are offered every weekday on rides, games and concessions at Mighty
Midway and Kidway (sponsored by Sensodyne). All-day specials run Thrifty
Thursday, Aug. 25; Read & Ride Wednesday, Aug. 31; and Kids Days, Aug. 29 and
Labor Day, Sept. 5. Early Bird specials are offered until 1 p.m. on Aug. 26,
Aug. 30, Sept. 1 and Sept. 2.

Blue Ribbon Bargain Book

The 2011 Blue Ribbon Bargain Book offers 25 additional deals this year for a
total of 125 coupons worth hundreds of dollars in savings on food, merchandise
and attractions throughout the fairgrounds. Coupons are valid all 12 days of the
fair and a preview of bargains is available at mnstatefair.org. Bargain Books
are available wherever pre-fair discount tickets are sold before the fair, and
at State FairWear Gift Shops and State Fair Foundation Kiosks during the fair.
Proceeds support the Minnesota State Fair Foundation mission to preserve and
improve fair buildings, grounds and educational experiences.

Free Entertainment and Attractions

This year's State Fair features more free attractions and exhibits than ever,
including: English and Western Horse Shows; the daily 2 p.m. parade; Doggies of
the Wild West frontier stunt show; the Giant Sing Along (presented by Bremer
Bank and co-produced by the Minnesota State Fair Foundation and Northern
Lights.mn); 3rd Lair BMX and skateboarding demos at The X-Zone; The DIRT
horticultural demonstration area (sponsored by Ocean Spray) at the Agriculture

Horticulture Building (sponsored by Walmart); FAN Central (sponsored by Xfinity)
featuring local sports teams and hometown heroes; live music and entertainment
at stages all around the fairgrounds; High School Rodeos; karaoke in The Garden
(sponsored by Treasure Island Resort & Casino); the CHS Miracle of Birth Center;
Eco

Experience; nightly fireworks spectacular (sponsored by Select Comfort); Little
Farm Hands agricultural education experience (sponsored by Kemps, Butter Kernel,
Cargill, Crystal Sugar, Cub Foods, John Deere Company, Minnesota Corn Growers
Association, and Sparboe Farms, Inc.); and much more.

New and Free Minnesota State FairApp

Utilizing the popular Food Finder, Merch Search and Fun Finder tools to help
guests locate their favorites, the new Minnesota State Fair App is the official
smart phone user's guide to finding your way around the Great Minnesota
Get-Together. The app is available absolutely free through the iPhone App Store
or Android Market.

Where to Find Discount and Bargain Information

Deals, Drawings & Giveaway Guides are available at all information booths
(sponsored by CenturyLink) or at mnstatefair.org, and feature listings of
special day deals on food and merchandise, items for $1 or less, freebies and
sign-up-&-win drawings.

Fairborne's Fabulous Fair Food Finder and Merch Search allow guests to search
for deals and discounts offered by concessionaires online at mnstatefair.org.

For more information about values, special discount days and bargains at the
Minnesota State Fair, visit mnstatefair.org.

The 2011 Great Minnesota Get-Together runs Aug. 25 through Labor Day, Sept. 5.

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Local Government

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LRY

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                        Copyright 2011 LeRoy Independent


                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             June 30, 2015 Tuesday

W-B sets plans for annual 4th of July celebration

BYLINE: Jacob Seibel, The Citizens' Voice, Wilkes-Barre, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 258 words


June 30--Wilkes-Barre will celebrate Independence Day with the 35th annual "Old
Fashioned 4th of July Celebration" in Kirby Park on Saturday.

The event will be open to the public at noon and will feature over 30 food and
craft vendors, as well as entertainment and amusement rides for children, the
city announced Monday.

For the eighth year, the HKQ Kids bike helmet giveaway sponsored by Hourigan,
Kluger, and Quinn will be in the vendor area. The Northeastern Pennsylvania
Philharmonic will perform at 7 p.m. along with guest singer Katy Williams, an
accomplished soloist who has performed with the Pittsburgh Symphony Orchestra
and Pittsburgh Opera. The night will be capped with a fireworks display by
Advanced Pyrotechnics.

On Friday, there will a ride preview night for amusement rides in Kirby Park.
Attendees should mention this news article for discounted prices on rides. A
wristband can be purchased for $15, discounted from the regular price on
Saturday. Discounted wristbands are good for Friday only.

The event is sponsored by The Martz Group, Price Chopper, Mericle Commercial
Real Estate, Luzerne County Visitors and Convention Bureau, and the Northeastern
Pennsylvania Philharmonic.

Dogs and pets are not allowed in Kirby Park during special events. For
information, contact Liza Prokop, city spokeswoman, at 570-208-4149 or visit the
city's website www.wilkes-barre.pa.us.

___ (c)2015 The Citizens' Voice (Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) Visit The Citizens' Voice
(Wilkes-Barre, Pa.) at citizensvoice.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency,
LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20150630-YC-W-B-sets-plans-for-annual-4th-of-July-celebration-0630-20150630

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YC


                       Copyright 2015 The Citizens' Voice


                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 2, 2013 Wednesday

New Jersey: Adventure Aquarium Offers Discounted Tickets to All Active and
Retired Military Personnel for Veterans Day

LENGTH: 205  words

DATELINE: Trenton


Camden County, The State of New Jersey has issued the following news release:

To honor and celebrate the service of our Military personnel, Adventure Aquarium
is offering a special $10 ticket to all active and retired Military personnel
and their families from Saturday, November 9th through Monday, November 11th.
The special ticket price is open to active and retired military personnel plus
up to 4 members of their family. Tickets are available for purchase at the
Adventure Aquarium ticket window.  Guests must present a military ID to receive
the discounted offer.

In addition, the Camden County Board of Freeholders is also giving Camden County
veterans a free souvenir photo (retail value $12.99). Guests can present the
coupon below and thier ID to receive the discounted offer.

"A fun day at the Adventure Aquarium is a great way to show our appreciation to
the veterans and their families who have sacrificed so much for us," said Ed
McDonnell, Deputy Director of the Camden County Board of Freeholders and liaison
to the County's Office of Veterans Affairs. "This is just one the many ways that
we continue to give back to Camden County's veterans community."

For further information please visit: http://www.camdencounty.com/

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 1, 2006 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

City starts discounted pet sterilizations

BYLINE: John Estus, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 251 words


About 370 pets will be sterilized for a discounted price this weekend as a
preview of a proposed partnership between Oklahoma City and two animal shelters.

The city will begin negotiating a $25,000 contract with Best Friends of Shelter
Pets and Volunteers For Animal Welfare so the shelters can spay and neuter pets
for low income Oklahoma City residents who may not be able to afford normal
prices.

Sterilization discounts for low-income pet owners already are offered at some
shelters. The contract aims to expand the services.

The city council unanimously approved the negotiations Tuesday, and Ward 2
Councilman Sam Bowman said a future partnership is a big step toward the city's
goal of having a no-kill animal shelter by 2010.

"The contract is moving in the right direction," Bowman said. "We'll get a look
for about six months at how this contractual relationship works."

Shelter volunteers organized this weekend's event, called The Big Fix and set a
goal to sterilize about 300 pets during its three-day run. The demand was so
high that they were forced to cap the services after scheduling 368
sterilizations by the end last week, said Kim Schlittler, executive director of
Best Friends of Shelter Pets.

The Big Fix begins Friday.

Low-income citizens who can't afford to spay or neuter their pets can call Best
Friends for Shelter Pets at 629-6795 or Volunteers For Animal Welfare at
606-8476 to see whether they qualify for the discounted rate.

Discounted spay and neuter rates

Cats: $10

Dogs: $20

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 25, 2011 Monday

Neutering discounted for 'pit bulls'

BYLINE: Sara Felsenstein, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 559 words


July 25--In August, more area pit bull owners will have an opportunity to get
their dog neutered or spayed at a reduced cost.

Humane Ohio is offering a program it calls "Primp Your Pit" to fix 100 "pit
bulls" and pit mixes for $20, a procedure that is usually $65 for a dog under 70
pounds, marketing manager Jill Borkowski said.

The promotion, which is open to any "pit bull" owner in Ohio or Michigan,
includes a coupon for a free grooming and nail trim at Penta Career Center/Small
Animal Care.

Ms. Borkowski said spay and neutering promotions are a way to prevent further
overpopulation.

"Obviously pet overpopulation is a huge problem in our community," she said.

Humane Ohio, with an office in Toledo, is a nonprofit, low-cost spay-neuter
clinic and pet food bank.

City of Toledo residents have an even cheaper option.

The Lucas County Dog Warden, in partnership with Humane Ohio, kicked off a
different promotion in April, called Fix-A-Bull, which will run for at least a
year.

The Fix-A-Bull promotion allows 500 "pit bulls" and pit mixes to be spayed or
neutered at Humane Ohio for $5 each, and also includes a microchip to help
reunite lost dogs and owners.

Ninety-three "pit bulls" have been fixed since that promotion began, Ms.
Borkowski said.

"We book out pretty far, so we've fixed 93 dogs [since April,] but we could have
100 people with appointments waiting to get in," she said.

Dogs must live in the city of Toledo and have a current dog license to qualify,
and owners must provide proof of both at the time of the appointment.

"The Primp Your Pit promotion is a really good opportunity for people who don't
qualify for the [Fix-A-Bull promotion]," Ms. Borkowski said.

Humane Ohio Medical Director Dr. Kelly Rada said "pit bulls" are one of the most
common dog breeds in shelters, and therefore one of the most euthanized breeds.

"I think unfortunately a lot of the negative stories we've heard in the media
make people unwilling to adopt 'pit bulls,'" Ms. Borkowski said. "The breed
discrimination is one of the main reasons you see a lot of 'pit bulls' sitting
in shelters."

Ms. Borkowski said neutering yields behavioral benefits for dogs, and is known
to prevent health risks such as some types of cancer. She said studies show that
a dog that is fixed is less likely to bite.

"A lot of times when dogs want to escape ... they really want to go out in
search of a mate. You have less roaming dogs and less of a chance that [they
are] going to be on the streets," Ms. Borkowski said.

She said she expects the promotion to significantly cut down on the number of
"pit bulls" that are euthanized.

"We're talking about 100 dogs, but if you think about the bigger picture -- dogs
go on to have litters of their own," she said. "One dog alone can be responsible
for a very large number of puppies."

To redeem the Fix-a-Bull or Primp Your Pit promotion, call Humane Ohio at
419-266-5607 to schedule an appointment, or request one online at
www.humaneohio.org.

Contact Sara Felsenstein at: sfelsenstein@theblade.com or 419-724-6050.

To see more of The Blade, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.toledoblade.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110725-TO-Neutering-discounted-for-pit-bulls-0725-20110725

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           September 12, 2008 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Hail a helicopter from NYC to JFK

BYLINE: Ben Mtuzabaugh

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 10D

LENGTH: 232 words


USA TODAY's Ben Mutzabaugh pilots Today in the Sky, an online community
featuring airline and airport news.

Now boarding at flights.usatoday.com.

Would you take a helicopter to the airport if it cost about the same as taking a
cab? If so, you may get your chance if you fly Delta to or from New York's JFK
Airport. Through Oct. 31, certain Delta coach-class customers can use US
Helicopter Airport Shuttle Service between Manhattan and Delta's terminal at New
York JFK for a discounted rate of $45 each way, plus taxes and fees (down from
$159 each way). The discount does not apply to Delta's most deeply discounted
economy seats, however (only tickets booked after Sept. 1 in Delta's full-fare
B, M or H coach-class tickets are eligible). The service is complimentary for
Delta's BusinessElite customers.

US Helicopter says the ride averages about eight minutes between JFK and
heliports at its two Manhattan locations (one near Wall Street and the other in
Midtown at East 34th Street). Delta passengers using the helicopter service can
clear security in Manhattan before arriving at JFK and can check their luggage
through to the final destinations. Bookings are available through delta.com,
through Delta Reservations at 800-221-1212, or through a travel agent. The cost
of a cab between JFK and Manhattan is "$45 plus any tolls," according to the New
York City Taxi & Limousine Commission.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Mark Caswell, US Helicopter

DOCUMENT-TYPE: DESTINATIONS & DIVERSIONS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BEYOND TAMPA BAY

SECTION: LOCAL; BEYOND TAMPA BAY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 418 words


APPLE'S fiscal second-quarter earnings soared 33 percent to $13.6 billion,
topping Wall Street expectations, thanks to surging sales in China and of its
iPhones. The tech titan's sales jumped 27 percent to $58 billion from its second
quarter a year ago. Sales to China jumped 71 percent from the same period a year
ago. Apple sold more than 61 million iPhones in the quarter, accounting for more
than two-thirds of its revenue for the quarter and the lion's share of its
profit.

* * *

ESPN IS SUING VERIZON is in an escalating clash over how the popular sports
channel is being sold in a discounted pay-TV package. The complaint filed in New
York alleges Verizon is breaking its contract with ESPN, owned by Disney, by
unbundling it from the main programming lineup of Verizon's FiOS TV. ESPN is
fighting Verizon's discounted "custom TV" package because it allows subscribers
to bypass ESPN, which the sports programming giant says violates pay-TV
requirements stipulating it be included in the main bundle of programming.

* * *

DISCOVER, the last Apple Pay holdout among major credit card networks in the
U.S., said Monday it has reached an agreement with Apple to let its cardholders
make payments in participating stores through Apple Pay on iPhone 6, iPhone 6
Plus or Apple Watch. With Apple Pay, launched in October, credit card numbers
are not stored on the device or on Apple servers. A unique device account number
is assigned and each transaction is authorized with a one-time unique security
code.

* * *

CORINTHIAN COLLEGES canceled classes Monday and shut down all of its remaining
28 ground campuses, displacing about 16,000 students less than two weeks after
the Education Department announced it was fining the for-profit institution $30
million for misrepresentation. The Santa Ana, Calif., company said it was
working with other schools to help students continue their education by making
transcripts available and coordinating with other educational institutions to
accept them.

* * *

6.9%

BURGER KING'S increase in first-quarter sales at established locations in the
U.S. and Canada, its biggest jump in nearly a decade, as parent company
Restaurant Brands International's revenue rose slightly to $932 million

* * *

THE BOTTOM LINE: Dutch generic drug maker Mylan rejects Israeli rival Teva's
$40.1 billion buyout offer, saying it undervalues the company ... Death toll
from General Motors' defective ignition switches rises to 90 from 87in weekly
update from compensation fund established to pay victims

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            January 22, 2008 Tuesday

Hotel Bruno

BYLINE: New York Sun Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 450 words


One of the things we have always admired about the majority leader of the state
Senate, Joseph Bruno, is his opposition to rent control and rent stabilization
laws in New York City. When Mr. Bruno proposed in 1997 to eliminate the price
controls on rent, he received death threats. But now it seems, according to
reporting in yesterday's New York Sun by our Jacob Gershman, that the Republican
leader in Albany has found himself a discounted Manhattan pad of his own.

Courtesy of the Sheraton hotel chain, whose parent, Starwood, just happened to
be bidding on the chance to build a convention center hotel in Albany at about
the same time Mr. Bruno, who controls a vote on the Albany convention center
authority, was enjoying the sweeping views of Manhattan from his 3,500 square
foot Sheraton penthouse duplex. The Senate Republican campaign committee that
paid for Mr. Bruno's Manhattan penthouse was charged only a mere fraction of the
price a New York Sun reporter who inquired about renting the suite was quoted.

Now, it's certainly possible that Mr. Bruno was treated no differently than any
other Sheraton customer. But one of the reasons that so many New Yorkers find
rent control so offensive is that it entitles a lucky and privileged few to
special discounts on apartments for which everyone else has to pay a market
rate. It sure looks like Mr. Bruno was enjoying the same sort of deal, if only
for a night.

New York Republicans can negotiate with hotel chains however they want. Some of
them may figure that if Starwood has price flexibility, the party would be
better off taking it in the form of a discount on banquet hall rental as opposed
to a discount on Mr. Bruno's penthouse.

What matters to New York voters and taxpayers is that, yet again, those with
business before the state are awfully chummy with our public employees. Whether
it is Attorney General Spitzer accepting discounted private plane rides, as a
candidate, from gambling figures bidding for state business he would have
influence over as governor, or the speaker of the state assembly, Sheldon
Silver, accepting a discounted and upgraded hotel room in Las Vegas from another
gambling interest with business before the state, or Mr. Bruno's deeply
discounted Manhattan penthouse, there's a pattern.

The differences aren't so much between members of the various political parties
- Messrs. Spitzer and Silver are Democrats, while Mr. Bruno is a Republican -
but between those who hold power in Albany, and the ordinary citizens of this
state, who when they want to go on a trip or take a vacation have to pay for it
with their own dollars at market rates with whatever paltry sums they have left
after they pay their taxes.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business

                                 July 12, 2010

This Just In

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0001

LENGTH: 843  words


Aviation fuel supplier lands $5.2M military contract

Ann Arbor-based aviation fuels suppler AvFuel Corp. received a four-year fuels
contract worth up to $5.2 million through the federal Defense Energy Support
Center at Ft. Belvoir, Va., last week.

The fixed-price fuel contract with economic price contracts runs through March
2014 and will service the U.S. Army, Navy, Air Force and Marine Corps.

AvFuel has 120 employees and supplies aviation fuels and fueling services to
commercial airlines, freight and cargo companies, airports and municipalities,
crop dusters, helicopters and the U.S. military. New defense contracts for the
company totaled $10.4 million during fiscal 2009, according to federal data.

- Chad Halcom

'Passport' program again offers discounted tickets

The Detroit Passports to the Arts, an initiative to attract a younger audience
to Detroit's cultural institution, is again offering discounted ticket packages
for the 2010-2011 season.

In its second year, the program lets Passport holders attend six performances
produced by seven different local organizations.

Performances include: The Mikado at the Michigan Opera Theatre; Rachmaninoff and
Dvorák at the Detroit Symphony Orchestra; Of Mice and Men at the Hillberry
Theatre; Oscar Shorts at the Detroit Film Theatre; 20 Years of Dance in Detroit
with the Eisenhower Dance Ensemble at the Macomb Center for Performing Arts; and
Music of the Spheres with the Detroit Chamber Winds & Strings at the Great Lakes
Chamber Music Festival.

Each performance is paired with an event for the Passport holders, such as a
Japanese-themed party with sushi and sake following The Mikado. The tickets
range from $119 to $209.

For more information, visit www.dp2a.org or call (248) 559-2095.

-Dustin Walsh

Dover Realty opens Ohio office

Dover Realty Advisors LLC has opened an office in Cincinnati as part of an
expansion through the Midwest.

The Bingham Farms-based multifamily real estate advisory company plans to expand
into Ohio, Kentucky and Indiana out of the new office, said Principal Terry
Schwartz.

The firm, with 150 employees, manages 6,500 units and has operated solely out of
Bingham Farms in the past.

- Daniel Duggan

Two area investment adviser firms make top 25 list

Two metro Detroit firms were ranked in the top 25 of the July issue of Financial
Advisor magazine's list of the largest independent registered investment
advisers in the U.S.

No. 7 was Southfield-based Plante Moran Financial Advisors LLC, with $4.6
billion under management, and No. 25 was Southfield-based Telemus Capital
Partners LLC, with $2.1 billion under management.

Other area firms on the list were: No. 221, Capelli Financial Services Inc.,
Bloomfield Hills, $247.1 million; No. 229, Center for Financial Planning Inc.,
Southfield, $221.2 million; No. 264, William Mack & Associates Inc., Troy,
$174.2 million; No. 297, Northern Financial Advisors Inc., Franklin, $150.4
million; No. 299, Vintage Financial Services LLC, Ann Arbor, $149.3 million; and
No. 311, Mutual Fund Management Co., Troy, $141.8 million.

- Tom Henderson

State high court upholds using credit scores for insurance rates

Insurance companies cannot be barred from tying their automotive and homeowner
coverage rates to customers' personal credit scores, the Michigan Supreme Court
has ruled.

The high court came down 4-3 last week in favor of The Insurance Institute of
Michigan, Farm Bureau General Insurance Co., Hastings Mutual Insurance Co.,
Frankenmuth Casualty Insurance, Citizens Insurance Co. of America and two
policyholders, and against the commissioner of the Office of Financial and
Insurance Services, on the practice of insurance scoring or using credit scores
as a gauge of risk in setting policy premium rates.

The state OFIS in 2005 issued administrative rules that prohibited insurance
scoring, which carriers had practiced in Michigan since at least 1997, but a
trial judge in Barry County found the rules were illegal, invalid and
unenforceable.

The Michigan Court of Appeals vacated that order in a divided ruling, but the
three-judge panel could not agree on a legal rationale in its findings. The new
ruling finds that the OFIS commissioner exceeded her authority and reinstates
the original court order.

- Chad Halcom

Oakland County Emerging Sectors reports strong June

Oakland County's Emerging Sectors program reports four new business development
deals worth a combined $24 million in high-growth segments of the economy in
June, adding up to 532 new jobs and bringing the program's year-to-date total
ahead of 2009 as a whole.

The county also reported two deals in traditional economic segments during June,
totaling $18 million and adding up to 135 new jobs.

The monthly tally for June puts the county at a combined year-to-date investment
of $193.9 million in high-growth economics targeted by the county for business
attraction and expansion. That surpasses the total of $191 million for all of
2009, a fairly slow year for the program, marked by global recession.

- Chad Halcom

Copyright 2010 Crain Communications Inc. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: cd


                      Copyright 2010 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            July 18, 1998, Saturday

Asia deals for lucky customers

LENGTH: 539 words


ANSETT Australia has discounted fares to Hong Kong, Osaka, Shanghai

and Taipei and also from today has a limited Bali bargain-package

flight out of Melbourne.

All the Asian destinations, bar Bali, are a "lucky $888" return

economy fare from Melbourne, Sydney or Brisbane on Ansett's Boeing 747

and 767 "Spaceship" services. The $888 means both "lucky" and

"rich" in Cantonese. The fare is on sale until July 31 for travel

between August 1 and September 15. Ansett says the discounted fare is

part of its new international in-flight service featuring

restaurant-style dining with "innovative Asian fusion cuisine"

served in two phases "to allow larger portions and more personalised

service".

Bali is not part of the "Spaceship" jumbo jet services but the

bargains are there in discounted packages priced from $899 a person,

twin-share, until September 5. Bookings must be out of Melbourne on

AN897 on Saturday mornings and returning on AN896. The deal is for

seven nights' accommodation and includes air fare and transfers. For

details, see travel agents, Ansett Travel centres or phone 131 767.

Fare sale

QANTAS Airways has extended its sale on fares to Los Angeles, San

Francisco and Honolulu, discounting children's fares to $999 for the

two mainland cities and to $599 to Hawaii. From Melbourne and Sydney,

adult fares are $1499 to Los Angeles and San Francisco and are

available until August 15 for travel between next Monday and December

15, depending on the destination. For details, see travel agents,

Qantas Travel Centres or phone 131 211.

A Korea in touring

KIRRA Tours has reduced the price of some visits to Korea following

the devaluation of the won. Coach tours include an eight-day Korean

Romance holiday and a nine-day Korea's Ancient Kingdom package, both

from $3207 a person, twin-share. A 13-day Korea in Depth tour costs

from $3113. Seoul is regarded as having some of the best-value

shopping in Asia and a seven-day Seoul Stayput package can take

advantage of the shopping and sightseeing opportunities through

mini-tours from the city. The Kirra Tours Korea brochure gives full

details of hotels and tours available. The packages include return

flights from Sydney flying Asiana Airlines. For details, phone 1800

888 242.

By the book

AUSTRALIAN travellers want to head west, not pay much money and

survive their travels, judging by the travel books they bought in the

first six months of the year. Angus and Robertson Bookworld says its

figures show that four of the five top-selling travel books so far

this year are by Lonely Planet, with top seller being Western Europe

on a Shoestring. The others are; Britain: A Travel Survival Kit;

Australia: A Travel Survival Kit; Macmillan Publications Let's Go

Europe all priced at $32.95 RRR with New Zealand: A Travel

Survival Kit, at $27.95, placed fifth. The placings were tallied from

Angus and Robertson sales around Australia.

New office, new deals

TRAVELAND has opened a new centre at 202 Hutt St, with the widely

travelled Rosalie Stott and Melanie Ronsell at the helm. They have a

variety of good-value deals as opening specials. Phone 8227 0711 for

details.

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1998 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 24, 1997, Friday, Late Edition - Final
                              Correction Appended

Theater Guide

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Page 5; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend
Desk

LENGTH: 2192 words



Here is a selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy
Broadway and Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in
parentheses. * denotes a highly recommended show. + means discounted tickets
were available at the TKTS booth last weekend for last Friday and Saturday
nights' performances. ++ means discounted tickets were available only for last
Friday night. +++ means discounted tickets were available only for last Saturday
night.

Broadway

*+ "BARRYMORE." It's unlikely you'll meet more charming or more disturbing
company this season than that of the famously self-destructive actor John
Barrymore, who has returned to Broadway in the person of Christopher Plummer for
an evening's flirtation with the furies. Fueled by anecdotes and one-liners,
William Luce's text doesn't add up to much of a play. But it does provide Mr.
Plummer with the chance to create a portrait of riveting complexity and
contradictions that finds the spark of divinity in the junk heap of the aging
Barrymore. Balancing the jauntiness of a boulevardier with the terrors of a
child in the dark, and finding both the laughs in the show's ribald jokes and
the sadness in the pauses between them, Mr. Plummer more than earned his Tony
for this performance. The overall effect is fiendishly entertaining (1:45).
Music Box, 239 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Thursdays and Fridays at 8
P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $25
to $55 (Ben Brantley).


++ "MISS SAIGON." In some ways, age has both mellowed and invigorated this
warhorse of a show. As the real events it depicts fade ever more deeply into the
past, the fictional story of Kim, a Vietnamese woman who loves and loses a G.I.
during the fall of Saigon, has become less burdened by the show's reductive
politics. With its soaring score and vibrant, scrappy cast, it's now a more
moving experience. The staging by the director, Nicholas Hytner, is as sure and
crisp as ever; for all the jokes over the years about the musical's helicopter,
the second-act evacuation scene that deploys it remains a stunner (2:30).
Broadway Theater, 1681 Broadway, at 53d Street, (212) 239-6200. Mondays through
Saturdays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 P.M. Tickets: $15 to $75
(Peter Marks).
* "1776." Darn it if this 26-year-old musical about, of all things, the
Declaration of Independence doesn't prove itself to be a skilled seducer. It's
like some facetious history nerd of a blind date you couldn't, at the evening's
beginning, imagine enjoying yourself with. Yet by the end of three hours, you're
amazed at how pleasurably the time has gone. The show, with music and lyrics by
Sherman Edwards and book by Peter Stone, has been impeccably staged by Scott
Ellis. It plays on shiny residual sentiments about the nation's beginnings with
considerable ingenuity and even dramatic suspense. And the meticulously balanced
ensemble, ably led by Brent Spiner as the agitating John Adams, does a fine job
of conveying the irksome thrust and parry, and the compromise and
counterplotting, that have always made American legislatures move (or just as
often, not move) (3:00). Roundabout Theater Company, Stage Right, 1530 Broadway,
at 45th Street, (212) 869-8400. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.;
Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 P.M. Tickets: $70; 17 and
younger pay half price (Brantley).
*+++ "SIDE SHOW." This daring, enthralling production asks that you find
yourselves in its heroines, the Siamese twins Daisy and Violet Hilton, who are
torn by conflicts both within and between them. The request is made with
passion, empathy and directness, reflected in the tidal pull of Henry Krieger's
music and the winning simplicity of Bill Russell's lyrics. The production,
directed and choreographed with stylish confidence by Robert Longbottom, and
with masterly, simple sets by Robin Wagner, may have flaws. But a lack of
heartfelt conviction is not among them. Playing on the classic elements of the
show-biz success weeper, this musical pushes the seemingly stale into realms of
unsettling revelation. The very presence of two women who are so glaringly
abnormal in appearance yet so commonplace in their desires sets off chains of
reverberation that bring new depth to old questions: about identity, aloneness
and the distorting powers of fame. The results are tremendously moving. Jeff
McCarthy, Norm Lewis and Ken Jennings are all excellent in supporting roles. And
as the twins, Alice Ripley and Emily Skinner are simply astonishing. Their
Violet and Daisy, while nearly identical in appearance, emerge as autonomous,
fully defined individuals. Yet you can't imagine them having the same affecting
strength apart. While this may pose a new problem for the Tony nominating
committee, the combination here is indeed more than the sum of its parts. The
same can be said of the entire show (2:40). Richard Rodgers, 226 West 46th
Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays
and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3. Tickets: $25 to $75 (Brantley).
"TITANIC." At its best, this ambitious Tony Award winner (for best musical,
among other things) is an admirably efficient piece of narrative, able to
squeeze in a vast roster of characters, assorted chunks of technological and
historical information, slews of statistics and themes ranging from class
conflict to human hubris, all with minimal confusion. Yet the show, with songs
by Maury Yeston and a book by Peter Stone, never seems to leave port. Under the
guidance of the British director Richard Jones, with technically astonishing
sets by Stewart Laing, "Titanic" fails to capitalize on the two obvious trump
cards its subject has dealt it: sentimentality and suspense. It's a perversely
cool work, cerebral without being particularly imaginative or insightful. Most
often, it feels like a singing blueprint still waiting to achieve the third
dimension (2:35). Lunt-Fontanne, 205 West 46th Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.;
Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $45 to $75 (Brantley).

Off Broadway

* "AS BEES IN HONEY DROWN." If you read the gossip columns, you'll know that
this is the play whose divinely deceitful heroine has already captured the
interest of Julia Roberts, Nicole Kidman and Madonna as a possible screen
vehicle. But it's hard to imagine anyone topping J. Smith-Cameron as Alexa Vere
de Vere, a glamorous seducer of the nearly famous, including a naive but
corruptible young novelist (Bo Foxworth). Spouting more words per minute than
anyone currently on a New York stage, Ms. Smith-Cameron brings a meticulous,
fever-pitch interpretation (not to mention amazing breath control) to the role
of a character who is, as she puts it, either an oasis or a mirage. And under
Mark Brokaw's inventive, giddy direction, Douglas Carter Beane's souffle of a
satire emerges as a wryly confectionary, extremely entertaining fable for an age
that always chooses image over substance (2:00). Lucille Lortel, 121 Christopher
Street, West Village, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.;
Saturdays at 6 and 9 P.M.; Sundays at 3 and 7 P.M. Tickets: $40 and $45
(Brantley).
"FNU LNU." The title may be enough to put some people off, but intrepid
theatergoers who enjoy a little brain teasing and don't mind a journey to the
far side will find rewards in this seriously weird and weirdly addicting new
play from the pen of that linguistic scavenger, Mac Wellman. "Fnu Lnu" is the
story of a mysterious man on a quest for hidden meanings, set to the exotic,
hypnotizing music of David Van Tieghem. The hourlong play, directed by Julian
Webber, features Steve Mellor as a mystery man from the enclave of Ybor City,
Fla., and Welker White, Zivia Flomenhaft and Sarah Abramson as a trio of singing
sorceresses. What does it all signify? Ah, the eternal question (1:00). SoHo
Rep, 46 Walker Street, TriBeCa, (212) 334-0962. Tuesdays through Sundays at 7:30
P.M. Tickets: $15 (Marks).
* "GROSS INDECENCY: THE THREE TRIALS OF OSCAR WILDE." Working with an all-male
cast and a weighty archive of materials, the director Moises Kaufman has shaped
a sharply intelligent, dramatically fresh take on a subject that at least by the
standards of Greenwich Village (home of the Oscar Wilde Memorial Bookshop) would
seem to have been exhausted. This is as much a multilevel study in public
perceptions of class, art and sexuality as a portrait of one man's downfall, yet
it retains the pull of the old-fashioned courtroom drama. Through the skillful
arrangement of found materials, the production presents a world and a man
struggling to define something (homosexuality in a social context) that was
never before the topic of such widespread public discourse. As Wilde, Michael
Emerson is stunning as he progresses from epigrammatic assurance to a public
role for which, tragically, he is no longer writing the script (2:30). Minetta
Lane, 18 Minetta Lane, off the Avenue of the Americas, Greenwich Village, (212)
420-8000. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M. and
Sundays at 3 and 7 P.M. Tickets: $29.50 to $47.50; $20 for students (Brantley).
*+ "MERE MORTALS." With this collection of six fast and ferociously funny
comedies, that professional tease of a playwright, David Ives, is back at the
top of his game. He has fashioned a madcap evening of one-acts that reconfirms
his status as a maestro of the short form. By evening's end, your mood may be so
improved that you may want to hunt him down and pinch his cheek. Whether his
subject is a mating dance on a miniature golf course, the fast-forward life
cycle of the mayfly or the machismo of David Mamet, Mr. Ives has the ability to
unharness the intoxicating power of language and at the same time entertain. He
is served wonderfully by a standout creative team, particularly the director,
John Rando, and the set designer, Russell Metheny, who match this playful
playwright pound for witty pound (2:00). Houseman, 450 West 42d Street, Clinton,
(212) 239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 2:30 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $47.50 (Marks).

Last Chance

* "ATWATER: FIXIN' TO DIE." Lee Atwater, the Republican campaign Wunderkind who
died of a brain tumor in 1991 at the age of 40, may seem an unlikely subject for
a form more often employed for towering historical figures and endearing
tale-weavers. But the playwright Robert Myers submits just enough evidence in
this solidly built, well-paced, 75-minute monodrama to make his persuasive
dramatic case: Atwater's ascension as the symbolic occasion for the final burial
of idealism in American politics. The spare production, directed with an
admirable, even clinical, austerity by George Furth, has the air of an inquest:
What makes Lee run campaigns? Played with a chilling bonhomie by Bruce McIntosh,
who bears more than a passing resemblance to him, Atwater is a twisted political
prodigy of the modern era. The wiry Mr. McIntosh conveys both the naked ambition
and folksy charm of a young man who advanced rapidly on an extraordinary
instinct for the tastes, prejudices and resentments of white Middle America
(1:15). 28th Street Theater, 120 West 28th Street, Chelsea, (212) 591-0019.
Through Sunday. Today and tomorrow at 8 P.M.; Sunday at 3 P.M. Tickets: $25
(Marks).

Long-Running: Broadway

Here are summaries of Ben Brantley's and Peter Marks's reviews:

* "BRING IN DA NOISE/BRING IN DA FUNK." The beat goes on. True, the electricity
onstage dimmed somewhat when the show's brilliant star, Savion Glover, departed
earlier this year. But this retelling of African-American history through tap
dancing continues to make visceral contact with its audience in a way few
musicals do (2:00). Ambassador, 215 West 49th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays
through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at
3 P.M. Tickets: $20 to $70.
* "CHICAGO." Marilu Henner, while game, doesn't have the fizz that Ann Reinking
brought to the role of the lovably murderous Roxie Hart. But thanks to Ms.
Reinking's choreography and top-drawer performances from Bebe Neuwirth, James
Naughton and Joel Grey, this most cynical of the Kander-Ebb musicals remains
vintage champagne (2:30). Shubert, 225 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8
P.M.; Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $20 to $75; ticket availability for this
weekend's performances is extremely limited.
* "RENT." This landmark rock musical about love and death East Village style
actually seems to have benefited from the inevitable cast changes, with
enriching performances from Sherie Scott, Michael McElroy and the incandescent
Marcy Harriell as a Mimi hooked on heroin. A sentimental triumph of a show
(2:30). Nederlander, 208 West 41st Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays through
Fridays at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 and 7 P.M. Tickets:
$35 to $75.


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: October 28, 1997, Tuesday

CORRECTION:

The Theater Guide listing in Weekend on Friday omitted credit for a picture of
Steve Mellor and Welker White in the play "Fnu Lnu," at SoHo Repertory Theater.
The photographer was Tom Brazil.


GRAPHIC: Photos: Steve Mellor, front, and Welker White in SoHo Rep's "Fnu Lnu."
(SoHo Repertory Theater); Teamwork: Emily Skinner, left, and Alice Ripley in
"Side Show." (Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)

TYPE: Schedule

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                          manchestereveningnews.co.uk

                      November 28, 2014 Friday 1:02 PM GMT

Black Friday opinion: Stay class Manchester, don't get taken in like us
Americans;
Resist the urge to join this shopping frenzy, says Evan Bleier, an American
journalist working for the MEN

BYLINE: By Evan Bleier

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 530 words


Manchester, you're better than this. Black Friday dawned with reports of people
stripping supermarket shelves, attacking one another and being arrested all in
the name of getting discounted goods continue to pour in, all I can do is shake
my head.

Black Friday is a trick; don't fall for it. While the day is marketed as a
one-time chance to save money on high-end products that would otherwise be
unaffordable, that's hardly the reality. The majority of the price-slashing is
done on items that many customers wouldn't be interested in if they weren't
discounted and they are almost all products you don't need in the slightest.

The majority of the worthwhile products are sold in limited amounts that run out
fast and obtaining them requires doing a physical act which would usually be
seen in a WWF ring While getting a Black Friday deal on a decent item by going
to a store and acting like a maniac is something you now have the 'privilege' of
doing, it doesn't mean you should. Seven people have died and 90 have been
injured in Black Friday incidents in the US since 2006, according to one set of
figures. Don't be next.

Like many things, the phenomenon of Black Friday can be explained via the
Simpsons. Prior to this exchange, Kwik-E-Mart store owner Apu has just ripped
Homer Simpson off, again.

Homer : I'll never shop here again!

Apu : [thinking] If he discovers the discount supermarket next door, all is
lost.

Apu : Nickel off on expired baby food.

Homer : Sold!

You don't need or want the expired baby food, but because it's a five-pence
cheaper on Black Friday, you just think you do. Black Friday is a United States
tradition, but so are slavery, gender inequality, gun violence and members of
the Bush family holding frighteningly high-ranking positions within the
government. Obviously it's not quite as shameful as those, but you get my point.
It's our baggage; let us keep it.

Do you really want to latch on to a tradition that started in Philadelphia, the
city that boos Santa Claus ? I didn't think so. Are you really all as gullible
as Homer Simpsons? Hopefully not.

My family and I have never gone out on the Friday after Thanksgiving to shop.
Not because we haven't wanted things, but because there has never been anything
we needed badly enough to deal with the mob scene that would be waiting at the
store - and there was turkey to finish.

Instead of getting bumps, bruises and black eyes to save a few bucks on a shiny
new laptop, we'll watch videos of what's happening at Walmarts in Florida,
Alabama and New Jersey on a computer that's a few years old and has a little
duct tape on it but still runs just fine.

I don't want to begrudge anyone from trying to get a deal (if you don't believe
me look at my paycheck), but there are better ways of doing. Cyber Monday is in
three days - wait for that. Good things come to those that wait, not those that
punch their neighbours for them.

If the UK has to adopt a Thanksgiving tradition, go with stuffing yourselves
while watching the National Football League. At least the players in the NFL are
getting paid to beateach other up, instead of paying for the privilege.

Stay class Manchester; Black Friday certainly isn't.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBGMWNGMANC


                      Copyright 2014 Trinity Mirror, Plc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Grand Forks Herald (North Dakota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 31, 2013 Sunday

TACKLE IT: Owners of MN hunting or fishing license can buy discount Twins
tickets

BYLINE: Grand Forks Herald

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 294 words


March 31--Baseball fans of all ages with a 2013 Minnesota hunting or fishing
license can buy discounted tickets online to six Minnesota Twins games and
receive a free regulation blaze orange Twins logo baseball cap as part of a
special promotion with the Department of Natural Resources.

"Hunting, fishing and the Twins are all big parts of Minnesota's culture,"
Jenifer Wical, DNR customer enhancement manager, said in a news release. "This
is a great deal for those who love the outdoors and outdoors baseball."

The special rate starts with the April 13 afternoon home game against the New
York Mets. It also includes home games on April 27-28 against the Texas Rangers,
Aug. 3 against the Houston Astros, Aug. 18 against the Chicago White Sox and
Sept. 7 against the Toronto Blue Jays.

Discounted ticket prices range from $12 to $20, depending on the game.

"The DNR is able to provide an additional value to its first-time or longtime
license buyers," said Phil McMullen, Twins ticket sales executive. "For us, it's
a way to express our appreciation for those who have contributed to fish and
wildlife conservation through their license purchase."

Those who want to buy discount tickets should go to mndnr.gov/twins and enter
the transaction number, which is printed on the license. A limited number of
tickets are available for each game and will be reserved on a first-come,
first-served basis. The offer is available online only.

Minnesota 2013 fishing and hunting licenses are available at electronic
licensing outlets across the state or online at mndnr.gov/buyalicense.

-- Herald staff report

___ (c)2013 the Grand Forks Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) Visit the Grand Forks
Herald (Grand Forks, N.D.) at www.grandforksherald.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130331-GF-TACKLE-IT-Owners-of-MN-hunting-or-fishing-license-can-buy-discount-T
wins-tickets-0331-20130331

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GF


                       Copyright 2013 Grand Forks Herald


                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               January 18, 1995, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Treasury Securities Fall in Price

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D;  Page 6;  Column 3;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 668 words


With the exception of the long bond, prices of Treasury securities fell
yesterday, dragged down by a strong industrial production report.

The Federal Reserve reported yesterday that industrial production rose a strong
1 percent in December, the biggest gain in two years. The data showed an
industrial sector robust enough to withstand a series of increases in short-term
interest rates, suggesting that the Fed will be forced to keep raising rates,
traders said.

But the market trimmed back its losses later in the day. One trader said that
one reason the selloff was not heavier was investors who sold short going into
Friday's retail sales report and were looking for the first drop in prices to
cover their short positions.

The price of the 30-year bond rose 6/32 , to 9628/32.  Its yield, which moves in
the opposite direction from price, fell to 7.77 percent, from 7.78 on Friday.
The Treasury market was closed on Monday in observance of the birthday of the
Rev. Dr. Martin Luther King Jr.

But shorter maturities came under pressure yesterday as the market priced in the
next interest rate increases by the Fed. Yields in the short end of the market
rose an average 8 basis points. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage
point.

Fears that Japanese insurers might sell paper to raise cash to cover losses from
the earthquake did worry some investors. But some traders saw the possibility of
the opposite effect if investors sold yen-denominated securities.

With regard to the strong production report, Donald J. Fine, chief market
analyst for Chase Securities, said: "Last Friday's weak retail sales and today's
strong industrial production confused many market participants.

"But the net result is that the market still expects a Fed tightening move on
Feb. 1, but one that is limited to 50 basis points."

Stuart G. Hoffman, chief economist at the PNC Bank Corporation in Pittsburgh,
noted that "the weak November and December retail sales data could be the first
signs of a consumer spending slowdown, which means manufacturers may have to
curtail output in the months ahead to prevent unwanted inventories to pile up."

"I don't think these numbers will dissuade the Fed from raising the Federal
funds rate by 50 basis points," Mr. Hoffman said, "but it strongly argues
against anything more agresesive than that. There are enough open questions so
that anything more than a 50-basis-point interest rate increase will be
unwarranted."

With each economic number out shifting the probablity of a rate increase by the
Fed, Mr. Hoffman thinks the next important number that will likely attract the
greatest market focus will be the preliminary report on the gross domestic
product for the first quarter, which is due next week.

"Tomorrow's manufacturing and trade data could be interesting leading into the
G.D.P," he said.

The Treasury held its weekly auction of three- and six-month bills yesterday
because of the holiday on Monday.

Interest rates were down moderately, as the average rate for a three- month
issue dropped 10 basis points, to 5.77 percent, the lowest since the end of
December last year, and the six-month was down 23 basis points, to 6.19 percent,
its lowest since the end of November last year.

Today the Treasury will announce the size of its two-year and five-year note
auctions that will be held next week.

In the municipal bond market, were prices were little changed, with New York
City bonds off a bit. The city's decision yesterday to sell refunding bonds to
help close its budget deficit by lowering interest rate payments apparently
lowered the prices on some of city's $23 billion general obligation debt.

Meanwhile as the city is preparing to sell $500 million in bonds next week to
provide $120 million in savings in the fiscal year 1995 budget, Standard &
Poor's says it may downgrade the city's A- rating because of the plan.

Following are the results of yesterday's weekly Treasury auction of new three-
and six-month bills:

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "Treasury Yield Curve" shows yields of selected Treasury
securities, in percent. (Source: Technical Data)

Table: "(000 omitted in dollar figures)"
                            3-Mo. Bills    6-Mo. Bills
Average Price                    98.541         96.871
Discounted Rate                   5.77%          6.19%
Coupon Yield                      5.94%          6.48%
High Price                       98.541         96.876
Discounted Rate                   5.77%          6.18%
Coupon Yield                      5.94%          6.47%
Low Price                        98.539         96.871
Discounted Rate                   5.78%          6.19%
Coupon Yield                      5.95%          6.48%
Accepted at low price                6%            36%
Total applied for           $70,942,884    $47,321,886
Accepted                    $13,452,915    $13,498,766
Noncompetitive               $1,549,285     $1,692,420
Both issues are dated
Jan. 19, 1995. The
three-month bills mature
on April 20, 1995, and
the six-month
billsmature on July 20,
1995.

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                              July 10, 2016 Sunday

Change In Health Law Could Lead To Consumer Savings;
Discounted Or Free Care Available At Hospitals Here Based On Income

BYLINE: Heather Stauffer

SECTION: A; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 442  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


HSTAUFFER@LNPNEWS.COM

If you earn less than $35,640 a year, you can now qualify for free or discounted
medical care at Lancaster General Hospital.

That is, if you are a one-person household. For a four-person household, the
income threshold would be $72,900.

The change, which simplified and broadened the health system's financial
assistance policy, is due in part to a provision in President Barack Obama's
health care law that took effect July 1.

The provision requires nonprofit hospitals such as LGH, WellSpan Ephrata
Community Hospital and Hershey Medical Center to adopt and make easily available
a financial assistance policy that, among other things, indicates whether free
or discounted care is available and how to apply for the assistance.

In response, the hospitals instituted new policies that provide free care for
qualifying patients with incomes up to a certain percentage of the federal
poverty level.

That limit is 200 percent of the federal poverty level at WellSpan, and 300
percent at Lancaster General and Hershey Medical.

The federal poverty level currently is $11,880 for a single person, $24,300 for
a family of four and $40,890 for a family of eight. Federal poverty levels for
families of other sizes can be found online at bit.ly/IncomeLimit.

Additionally, WellSpan and LGH offer discounts for patients with incomes up to
300 and 400 percent of the federal poverty level, respectively.

"We hope that the deeper discounts will help individuals be able to have better
access to our system," said Rick Harley, vice president of treasury management
services at WellSpan Health.

In the past, Harley said, different parts of WellSpan had different policies for
free and discounted care. Now the health system has just one policy.

"The most significant change is that patients now have 240 days from the first
statement date to request financial assistance," said LGH spokeswoman Rosanne
Placey. "Previously, we would review any outstanding balance that had not been
sent to a collection agency."

Placey said the hospital aligned its policy with that of Penn Medicine, which it
joined last year. According to her, the hospital does not expect the policy
adjustment to affect its finances.

Hershey spokesman Scott Gilbert reported a similar expectation, saying that in
the past patients below 300 percent of the federal poverty level were often
unable to pay despite steep discounts.

The free care and discounts do come with some caveats.

For instance, WellSpan requires that patients exhaust all insurance resources
for which they are eligible, including Medicaid. And LGH requires that
recipients have no more than $10,000 per adult in the bank.

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 6, 2007 Thursday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Blame absences on a sudden 'white flu';
Skiers skip school, work to go to Holiday Valley

BYLINE: By Janice L. Habuda - NEWS STAFF REPORTER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 634 words

DATELINE: ELLICOTTVILLE


There definitely was some kind of bug going around Wednesday.

You probably still can see evidence of it today, on the flushed faces of
colleagues and classmates who had called in sick.

The diagnosis: a discounted lift ticket to opening day at Holiday Valley.

"It's a pandemic," suggested a man in the ticket line at a crowded Ellicottville
ski shop.

A couple of days of lake-effect snow and a stretch of temperatures cold enough
to make even more have allowed some Western New York ski resorts to open; others
expect to open soon.

At Holiday Valley, the resort kicked off its 50th anniversary by offering $4
lift tickets -- the 1957 price -- creating a perfect storm for opening day.

"It was a cloud of people," said marketing director Jane Eshbaugh, describing
the masses that descended to buy the discounted tickets. Originally offered only
during the first hour, the deadline was extended by another hour because of the
turnout.

Eshbaugh said: "We had an inkling that it was going to be busy, but . . ."

How many tickets were sold? "A lot," she replied, vaguely.

"It would have been a good opening anyway, but this was just out of the park,"
Eshbaugh said.

That this was no ordinary, midweek opening day was evident by the
bumper-to-bumper traffic leading to the resort.

Traffic moved at a crawl for the final mile, along Jefferson Street. With the
clock ticking on the original 10 a.m. deadline for discounted tickets, some
people bailed out of vehicles to sprint the rest of the way.

Many motorists pulled over to get tickets at a Jefferson Street ski shop, where
the pandemic excuse was offered.

Spirits were high as people in line joked about calling in sick to work and
school, careful to protect their identities from unsuspecting bosses and
teachers. Learning that a news article would be written, the pandemic man added:
"I'm not here."

Others joked about buying extra tickets to sell for $8 each to late arrivals,
before the regular $45 weekday rate kicked in.

A Niagara Falls resident who identified himself only as Matthew was skiing with
three of his school-age children.

"We don't all get out very often," Matthew explained. "It's kind of a stress
break for us."

John Tulley was there snowboarding with Ted Berner and Shae Rekito, two of his
buddies at Lockport High School.

"Our parents all know," Tulley said.

"School won't care," added Berner.

The three had left Lockport before sunrise, beating the traffic jam.

Roy Wagoner Sr. was stationed at the entrance to the tiered parking lot, waving
in a seemingly endless stream of vehicles. Dozens of them bore license plates
from Ontario, Ohio and Pennsylvania.

An over-the-road trucker, Wagoner said he has worked several seasons at the
resort as a parking lot attendant.

"I love working here," he said. "I love meeting the people; I love helping the
people.

"You're the first person they meet when they park their cars. You can make their
day with a smile," Wagoner said.

Opening-day conditions also were a reason to smile.

Approximately 15 inches of lake-effect snow earlier this week and several days
of intense snowmaking allowed Holiday Valley to open with four lifts accessing
10 trails. Additional lifts are expected to be operating this weekend.

Peek'n Peak in Clymer and Bristol Mountain near Canandaigua also are open for
winter sports, Swain in northeast Allegany County opens today and Kissing Bridge
in Glenwood will open at 4 p.m. Friday. Only HoliMont and Cockaigne are not yet
ready for business.

At Holiday Valley on Wednesday, Tom Vaughan of Buffalo, a retiree with a season
ticket, already had skied five runs as lift lines continued to swell with new
arrivals.

"I've been looking forward to it," he said of opening day.

Living in this area, "You have got to do something during the wintertime or you
go crazy," Vaughan said.

e-mail: jhabuda@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Kirkham/Buffalo News Skiers line up Wednesday at Holiday Valley,
where lift tickets were on sale for $4 instead of the usual $45. Robert
Kirkham/Buffalo News Snowboarders take advantage of good snow and discount rates
at Holiday Valley Wednesday. Ski seasons in Western New York Chart compares
opening dates and length of seasons for Holiday Valley and Kissing Bridge
[Graphic - see microfilm]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2007 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday

Florida offers incentives for late summer;
Save on a Holland America cruise, get swingin' in the Catskills, see Central
America

BYLINE: Kathryn Folliott

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T2

LENGTH: 530 words


The Marker Key West is taking up to 20 per cent off summer rates with its "Last
Minute Luxury" offer. Discounted prices start at $215 (U.S.) per night and rates
must be prepaid in full at time of booking.

The Marker is a new hotel at Florida's Key West Historic Seaport Marina, where
restaurants, shops and galleries line the coast.

See the Specials link at themarkerkeywest.com.

In Fort Lauderdale, the summer savings extend through next month with the "See
You in September" promotion. Restaurants, spas and attractions in Greater Fort
Lauderdale are offering two-for-one deals, plus hotels have discounted rates.
See sunny.org/september.

Savings on fall sailings

Some 60 cruise itineraries are on sale with Holland America. The cruise line's
"Fall Finale" offers savings worth up to $1,000 (all prices U.S.) per stateroom
off the cost of select sailings, and deposits have been reduced to $60. Bookings
must be made by Sept. 10 for travel in 2015. Cruise durations range from seven
to 75 days and destinations include the Mediterranean, Asia, Alaska, Australia
and New Zealand, Mexico, the Caribbean and Tahiti. A 14-day Mediterranean Aegean
Explorer cruise departing Sept. 28 leads in at $1,799 per person. See
hollandamerica.com.

Tee It Easy in the Catskills

Emerson Resort Spa in New York State's Catskill Mountains has a golf deal for
mid-week travel.

Called "Tee It Easy," the package includes up to three rounds of golf per day at
Woodstock Golf Club's 5,456-yard course and complimentary golf cart use. With a
minimum of three nights accommodation, prices start at $372 (U.S.), a savings of
32 per cent. Tee It Easy guests get unlimited use of the resort's spa facilities
as well. Guests can also rent a bike and take a packed lunch for the ride. See
emersonresort.com.

10 per cent off Central

and South America

Close to 50 trips to Central and South America qualify for discounts with Globus
and Cosmos. The booking deadline is Sept. 15 for travel in 2016. With Globus,
the deal is a 10-per-cent discount. With Cosmos, it's a $50-per-person discount.
New itineraries for 2016 include the seven-day Costa Rica Explorer, taking in
three of Costa Rica's national parks (Poas, Arenal and Manuel Antonio) as well
as San Jose, the capital of Costa Rica.

The 10-day Ecuador: From the Andes to the Amazon is also new, starting in Quito,
Ecuador and then heading deep into the Amazon jungle. See globusjourneys.ca or
cosmosvacations.ca.

Best buy of the week

October marks the return of "Kids Free San Diego." More than 100 of the city's
hotels, attractions and museums are taking part in the program, now in its
fourth year. Sightseeing is cheaper, too, with family-friendly deals like the
free harbour tours for kids ages 12 and under with Hornblower Cruises and
Flagship Cruises. Hornblower's offer applies to two kids per full-price paying
adult, while Flagship's deal applies to one kid per paid adult. Participating
attractions include the San Diego Zoo and Sea Life Carlsbad Aquarium. Age limits
and other restrictions vary by venue. See sandiego.org/kidsfree.

Kathryn Folliott is a Toronto-based freelance writer. Prices quoted are subject
to change and availability.

Follow @KathrynFolliott.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2015 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Las Vegas Official Tour Center

                          3735 So. Las Vegas Boulevard
                              Las Vegas,  NV 89109
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.adsultrasound.net

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We have been serving Las Vegas visitors for over 15 years! We are the #1
Booking Agent for Discounted Excursion Tours in Las Vegas, booking seats for the
best service possible with reputable Tour Operators in and around Las Vegas for
excursion tours at discounted prices!  "Leave the hard work to us!"  Why spend
hours searching internet sites for the best deal around when you can book
online, give us a call and book one of our fabulous discounted excursion tours
with the best deals for you at your fingertips, or come in to one of our
convenient locations.  Send us a booking request online 24/7, or call us at
(702) 222-1003, (702) 482-2633 and (702) 482-2624 seven days a week from
8am-10pm Pacific Time!  Or e-mail us with any questions or comments here.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             October 4, 2009 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Exclusivity for All

BYLINE: By ROB WALKER

SECTION: Section MM; Column 0; Magazine Desk; CONSUMED; Pg. 20

LENGTH: 857 words


It's hard to overstate the degree to which habits of thrift and frugality have
taken on the cast of virtue in the past year. There are different ways any given
person can find to express these admirable traits, at least to him- or herself.
For instance, you might decide not to buy a pair of designer shoes. Alternately,
you might decide to buy a pair of designer shoes that has been marked down 50
percent. Abstaining can make you feel thrifty, frugal and (these days)
admirable. Buying a bargain can make you feel all that, too. Plus you get new
shoes.

Perhaps this is why there's an interesting footnote to the much-discussed
troubles of luxury brands in this time of virtuous thrift: online sellers of the
discounted stuff are ''flourishing,'' The Economist pointed out recently. These
e-tailers -- like RueLaLa.com, Gilt.com, HauteLook.com and others -- position
themselves as more than mere sources of heavily discounted high-end goods. For
starters, they aim for an image of exclusivity, with ''invitation only'' setups
and a strategy of preventing their wares from showing up in search-engine
results (unlike established high-end e-tailers like BlueFly.com). And they
amplify those elements of bargain-focused shopping that some people find fun and
exciting (like time limits and unpredictable and quickly rotating supplies). The
idea is an online version of the so-called sample sales that designer brands
have conducted for years.

Gilt.com was founded in November 2007 by Alexis Maybank (who had worked at eBay)
and Alexandra Wilkis Wilson (who had a fashion background). They had the
sample-sale model in mind, according to Amanda Graber, manager of marketing and
communications for the company. Per standard Webby procedure, their site was a
democratization play, making available to far-flung consumers the kinds of deals
determined luxury-bargain seekers in New York and Los Angeles take for granted.
Many high-end brands prefer to imagine their customer base as something more
aristocratic and initially resisted this new venue. But Gilt's membership grew
as the recession's impact on shopping habits became clear and ''everyone was
more willing to listen,'' Graber says.

Gilt.com puts up merchandise in brand-specific batches grouped under the date
and time the ''sale'' ends. Markdowns are prominently featured, but the stuff is
not exactly cheap. A pair of Dolce & Gabbana shorts featured in late September
cost $278, which really only sounds like a bargain if juxtaposed against the
astounding $750 ''retail price.'' An Alberta Ferretti dress sold out after
apparently being marked down from more than $8,000 -- but those who bought it
paid around $2,400. In other words, it was expensive.

The setup is similar at RueLaLa.com, which went online in April 2008. Its
product batches are called ''boutiques'' and feature a countdown clock showing
the time slipping away before each 48-hour sale ends. Ben Fischman, the founder,
characterizes this as part of the ''entertainment'' and ''theater'' of the site.
Lately such sites are expanding beyond apparel to resort packages, gadgets and
other goods and services.

RueLaLa and Gilt each claim about 1.5 million ''members.'' Sure, the sites are
by ''invitation only,'' but they encourage you to recruit your friends, even
dangling incentives in the form of discount credit, and provide an ''invitation
link'' to e-mail to everyone in your address book or paste onto your blog. It's
thus pretty easy to Google your way to an ''invitation.'' (Both Gilt and RueLaLa
offer the invitation-less a ''waiting list''; I gave that a shot and soon
received the happy news that both had accepted me as a member.) ''Exclusivity
doesn't mean small; it means special,'' Fischman contends.

The members-only notion is an old one, notes Ellen Ruppel Shell, author of the
recent book ''Cheap: The High Cost of Discount Culture,'' and pairs up well with
the always-appealing bargain idea. ''Once you become a member of a club,'' she
observes, ''it makes you feel special, and it lowers your guard a little bit.''
Discounting sparks similar feelings, she continues. ''You often think you're the
only one in the world that could have found this. Which is why you brag about it
to your friends.'' There's a trade-off on these sites, of course: the air of
clock-ticking excitement isn't exactly conducive to considered decisions. ''You
have to be a very savvy consumer to do your shopping this way,'' Shell cautions.

For luxury brands seeking a discreet way to move unsold inventory -- or even to
find a new outlet at a time when department stores are behaving cautiously --
the appeal is obvious. But maybe that discretion also appeals to customers who
figure that open enjoyment of shopping seems a little uncouth these days. To
reverse Shell's formulation, it's easy to conclude that if you're shopping this
way, you must be pretty savvy -- and maybe that virtuously thrifty feeling gives
you license. ''You may think, Oh, I'm going to get a great pair of shoes
today,'' suggests Stacey Santo, a vice president of RueLaLa, ''and then surprise
yourself by walking away with a spa treatment.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: LUXURY RETAILERS
ECONOMIC DOWNTURN
CONTINUED DESIRE FOR LUXURY GOODS
LUXURY E-TAILERS (PHOTOGRAPHS FROM TOP: ANDREAS RENTZ/GETTY IMAGES
MARK RALSTON/AFP/GETTY IMAGES
MIKE CLARKE/AFP/GETTY IMAGES
 ROSLAN RAHMAN/AFP/GETTY IMAGES.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 19, 2005 Saturday
                                 THIRD EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 492 words


CARACAS, VENEZUELA

Oil company announces discounts in U.S.

Venezuela will soon begin selling heating oil at discount prices to poor
communities in Boston and New York, following up on a promise by President Hugo
Chavez, Venezuela's state oil company announced.

Citgo, a subsidiary of Venezuela's state-owned oil company that runs roughly
16,000 gas stations in the United States, will offer fuel at discounted rates in
Boston as early as next week, according to a statement posted Friday on the
company's Web site.

In Boston, up to 1.2 million gallons of discounted heating oil will be offered,
for a total savings of $10 million, the statement said. Heating oil will be sold
later in the Bronx, a New York City borough.

BERLIN

Merkel signs coalition agreement

Conservative leader Angela Merkel took a last step toward becoming Germany's
first female chancellor Friday when she and other party officials signed a
hard-won agreement to form a left-right coalition government.

Merkel signed the blue-bound, 143-page document that spells out everything from
an increase in value-added tax to targets for renewable energy supplies.

Merkel joined Edmund Stoiber, leader of the Christian Democrat's Bavaria-only
sister party, the Christian Social Union, and Social Democratic Party chairman
Matthias Platzeck in putting their names to the deal in a ceremony in a
parliamentary office building in Berlin.

JERUSALEM

Israeli police arrest nuclear whistleblower

Nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu was arrested by Israeli police Friday
after visiting the West Bank, authorities said.

The former technician at Israel's main nuclear reactor last year completed an
18-year prison sentence for revealing Israel's nuclear capability to a British
newspaper in 1986.

Based on Vanunu's evidence, including photos, experts said at the time Israel
had the world's sixth largest stockpile of nuclear weapons. Israel neither
acknowledges nor denies having a nuclear weapons' program, following a policy of
nuclear ambiguity.

An Israeli court had ruled in May that an earlier visit by Vanunu to the
Palestinian areas did not constitute a violation of his conditions of release,
which forbid him from visiting foreign countries.

On Friday, Vanunu was arrested at a West Bank crossing into Jerusalem as he rode
on a Palestinian bus, said police spokesman Shmuel Ben-Ruby.

ISTANBUL, TURKEY

Bomb kills one near fairground

A bomb placed in a trash can exploded near a fairground in Istanbul on Friday,
killing one person and injuring 12, Istanbul's governor said.

The bomb was placed in a trash can at a bus stop outside the Tatilya fairground,
in Beylikduzu, a suburb on the European side of the city, Gov. Muammer Guler
said.

A 36-year-old man died from his injuries, Istanbul's Ozel Avcilar Hospital said.

Guler said police believed the bomb was made of remote-controlled plastic
explosives, favored by autonomy-seeking Kurdish rebels, who have carried out
similar attacks in the city in the past.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  PHOTO - Sri Lanka elects president Supporters of Sri Lankan Prime
Minister Mahinda Rajapakse cheer in Colombo, Sri Lanka, Friday, after his
election to the presidency. The Associated Press

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           November 19, 2005 Saturday
                                 FIRST EDITION

DIGEST

BYLINE: FROM NEWS SERVICES

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 503 words


CARACAS, VENEZUELA

Oil company announces discounts in U.S.

Venezuela will soon begin selling heating oil at discount prices to poor
communities in Boston and New York, following up on a promise by President Hugo
Chavez, Venezuela's state oil company announced.

Citgo, a subsidiary of Venezuela's state-owned oil company that runs roughly
16,000 gas stations in the United States, will offer fuel at discounted rates in
Boston as early as next week, according to a statement posted Friday on the
company's Web site.

In Boston, up to 1.2 million gallons of discounted heating oil will be offered,
for a total savings of $10 million, the statement said. Heating oil will be sold
later in the Bronx, a New York City borough.

BERLIN

Merkel signs coalition agreement

Conservative leader Angela Merkel took a last step toward becoming Germany's
first female chancellor Friday when she and other party officials signed a
hard-won agreement to form a left-right coalition government.

Merkel signed the blue-bound, 143-page document that spells out everything from
an increase in value-added tax to targets for renewable energy supplies.

Merkel joined Edmund Stoiber, leader of the Christian Democrat's Bavaria-only
sister party, the Christian Social Union, and Social Democratic Party chairman
Matthias Platzeck in putting their names to the deal in a ceremony in a
parliamentary office building in Berlin.

JERUSALEM

Israeli police arrest nuclear whistleblower

Nuclear whistleblower Mordechai Vanunu was arrested by Israeli police Friday
after visiting the West Bank, authorities said.

The former technician at Israel's main nuclear reactor last year completed an
18-year prison sentence for revealing Israel's nuclear capability to a British
newspaper in 1986.

Based on Vanunu's evidence, including photos, experts said at the time Israel
had the world's sixth largest stockpile of nuclear weapons. Israel neither
acknowledges nor denies having a nuclear weapons' program, following a policy of
nuclear ambiguity.

An Israeli court had ruled in May that an earlier visit by Vanunu to the
Palestinian areas did not constitute a violation of his conditions of release,
which forbid him from visiting foreign countries.

On Friday, Vanunu was arrested at a West Bank crossing into Jerusalem as he rode
on a Palestinian bus, said police spokesman Shmuel Ben-Ruby.

ISTANBUL, TURKEY

Bomb kills one near fairground

A bomb placed in a trash can exploded near a fairground in Istanbul on Friday,
killing one person and injuring 12, Istanbul's governor said.

The bomb was placed in a trash can at a bus stop outside the Tatilya fairground,
in Beylikduzu, a suburb on the European side of the city, Gov. Muammer Guler
said.

A 36-year-old man died from his injuries, Istanbul's Ozel Avcilar Hospital said.

Guler said police believed the bomb was made of remote-controlled plastic
explosives, favored by autonomy-seeking Kurdish rebels, who have carried out
similar attacks in the city in the past. Militant leftist and Islamic groups are
also active in the city.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO - Sri Lanka elects president Supporters of Sri Lankan Prime Minister
Mahinda Rajapakse cheer in Colombo, Sri Lanka, Friday, after his election to the
presidency. The Associated Press

DOCUMENT-TYPE: BRIEF

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 15, 2004 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

State Panel May Subpoena Silver in Inquiry

BYLINE: By MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 340 words

DATELINE: ALBANY, June 14


The state lobbying commission is weighing the unusual step of issuing a subpoena
to Assembly Speaker Sheldon Silver as part of its inquiry into whether a casino
company broke any rules two years ago by giving him a luxury suite at one of its
Las Vegas hotels at a discounted rate, a state official said Monday.

The commission is investigating whether Caesars Entertainment Inc. violated the
state's $75 limit on gifts from lobbyists in 2002 by giving Mr. Silver and his
wife a VI.P. hotel suite for $109 a night. The company sometimes rents the room
for four times that amount or more. Caesars was actively lobbying to expand into
New York State at the time.

As part of its inquiry, the lobbying commission issued three subpoenas to
Caesars to find out whether other lawmakers were given discounted stays at its
hotels, said Robert Stewart, a spokesman for Caesars.

He said that Caesars had not furnished the information, arguing that the
subpoenas were overly broad and irrelevant to the current inquiry and that they
would make it difficult for the company to protect the privacy of its guests.

Now, the lobbying commission is considering issuing a subpoena to Mr. Silver. A
state official and a person familiar with the matter said the commission wrote
to the state attorney general's office last week seeking a legal opinion on
whether it could subpoena Mr. Silver.

Such a step would be highly unusual for a commission that usually queries
companies and lobbyists, not elected officials.

The commission, which is often seen here as the only aggressive ethics agency in
Albany, is fighting legal challenges to its powers by lobbyists and others and a
loss of support from some top state politicians.

Kris Thompson, a spokesman for the commission, declined to comment on the case.
So did Charles R. Carrier, a spokesman for Mr. Silver.

When news of the inquiry broke in March, Mr. Silver staunchly defended his
integrity. Within days, the lobbying commission moved to silence its normally
outspoken executive director, David M. Grandeau.



URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 The New York Times Company


                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                           September 30, 2007 Sunday

Travel Q & A

SECTION: TRAVEL

LENGTH: 416 words


Q. Is there such a thing as bargain first-class airfares? If so, how do I find
them?

A. There definitely are ways to get discounted tickets in first class and
business class, and you can save a lot -- but it doesn't mean they're cheap.
Online, check out Airawards.com and Executiveclasstravel.com, two sites that
sell discounted first- and business- class tickets to business and leisure
travelers. You can save up to 60 percent off published fares, said Terri Gay of
Pasadena-based Airawards.com, but you'll have to call each site or fill out a
request form to get a specific rate.

One sample fare that caught our eye on Executiveclasstravel.com: San Francisco
to Paris in business class for $2,795 round trip; the best price we found online
was $4,706 in business class. Some airlines, such as US Airways, allow you to
upgrade when you check in at their kiosks, sometimes for as little as $50 per
flight. And American Airlines (www.aa.com) now has a feature on its Web site
that allows consumers to find coach tickets that come with instant upgrades.
When searching for fares, click on the option that says "Search by price and
schedule." First- class seats are sometimes cheaper than fully refundable fares.

If you're traveling from San Francisco to New York, Virgin America has
first-class fares on its new planes for as little as $449 each way if you book
far enough in advance.

Q. My son is going to visit Costa Rica. How safe is it? What precautions should
he take?

A. Costa Rica is not a particularly dangerous country to visit, at least as far
as terrorism or violent demonstrations go. But, as in most countries, crime
exists and travelers should exercise caution. According to the U.S. State
Department's Web site,  http://www.travel.state.gov , theft is common,
especially on public transportation, so visitors should always secure their
belongings and not leave personal items in rental cars.

Americans should also avoid areas where there are concentrations of bars and
nightclubs, especially at night, and stay in hotels outside the San Jose city
center; the U.S. Embassy puts its guests in larger hotels in the suburbs.

Your son should make sure his passport does not expire within 30 days of his
arrival in the country. It should also be in good condition; he could be denied
entry if it's damaged in any way. And because passport theft is fairly common,
he should carry a copy and leave the original in a hotel safe.

Have a question? Contact Michael Martinez at travelqa@mercurynews.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  March 26, 1999, Friday, Late Edition - Final

THEATER GUIDE

SECTION: Section E; Part 1; Page 3; Column 1; Movies, Performing Arts/Weekend
Desk

LENGTH: 2234 words



Here is a selective listing by critics of The Times of new or noteworthy
Broadway and Off Broadway shows this weekend. Approximate running times are in
parentheses. * denotes a highly recommended show.
+ means discounted tickets were available at the Theater Development Fund's TKTS
booth last weekend for performances last Friday and Saturday nights.
++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for performances
last Friday night only.
+++ means discounted tickets were available at the TKTS booth for performances
last Saturday night only.


Broadway
 * "DEATH OF A SALESMAN." In the harrowing half-century anniversary revival of
Arthur Miller's masterwork, you walk right into the mind of its decimated hero,
played with majestic, unnerving transparency by Brian Dennehy. Robert Falls's
shadow-shrouded, powerhouse staging never looks down on Mr. Miller's deluded
Brooklyn dreamer or looks ennoblingly up to him as a martyr to a success-driven
country. Instead, it demands that you experience Willy's suffering without
sociological distance, that you surrender to the sense of one man's pain. Yes,
there's no avoiding the clunky speechifying and symbolism. But this
interpretation is, above all, committed to the work's tragic, conflicted
familial love story. Even as it expertly conjures Willy's grimly distorted
worldview, the production lets us see clearly his effect on those around him.
Led superbly by Elizabeth Franz, who redefines the role of Linda Loman, and
Kevin Anderson, as Willy's rudderless elder son, those people express, in highly
personalized portraits, the genuine pity and terror given more abstract voice by
the choruses of Greek tragedy (3:00). O'Neill, 230 West 49th Street, (212)
239-6200. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at
2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $40 to $67.50; $25 rush tickets may be
available the day of show (Ben Brantley).

 "FOSSE." The great choreographer and director Bob Fosse, who died in 1987,
specialized in a sassy, confrontational and insistently sexual style that both
baited and winked at his audiences. He was by far at his best when working off
or chafing against the conventions of the established musical comedy. This
bookless show, choreographed by Chet Walker and Ann Reinking and directed by
Richard Maltby Jr. and Ms. Reinking, tries to make a case for Fosse as
choreographer qua choreographer. Yet it is bizarrely personality free. Numbers
that in the context of their original shows gleamed with wit and vitality
register here as often repetitive examples of virtuosic proficiency. Fosse may
have been cynical, but he wasn't cold. And the production that bears his name
has a zero-at-the-bone quality, even as you marvel at the contortions of the
talented and industrious corps of dancers. The hits just keep on comin', but
without the animating spark that made them hits to begin with or any sense of
their place in history (2:25). Broadhurst, 235 West 44th Street, (212) 239-6200.
Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8
P.M.; Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $55 to $80 (Brantley).

 "THE LION IN WINTER." James Goldman's 1966 comic drama of those dysfunctional
dynasts, Henry II and Eleanor of Aquitaine, and a work in which arch isn't just
something you find in Gothic cathedrals. Eleanor is quite happily embodied by
Stockard Channing, a whiz at wielding the play's weapons of choice, poisoned
epigrams and piercing sallies and looking a bit like a low-calorie, mid-period
Elizabeth Taylor. Unfortunately, she is the only person onstage who seems
confident of her abilities to deploy such an arsenal. As directed by Michael
Mayer, with Laurence Fishburne looking mighty and majestic as Henry, Eleanor's
husband and foe, the production rarely appears to believe in itself. There is a
feeling in the air that the performers might at any moment doff their medieval
velvets and pelts and head off for a drink (2:10). Roundabout Theater, 1530
Broadway, at 45th Street, (212) 719-1300. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8
P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 P.M. Through May
30. Tickets: $60 (Brantley).

 *+ "NIGHT MUST FALL." In this disarming revival of Emlyn Williams's
mothball-scented melodrama from 1935, Matthew Broderick has never looked or
sounded so much the choirboy. He is also playing a coldblooded killer, and in a
beautifully balanced performance he gets to have it both ways. So does the
production itself, which has been directed by John Tillinger and works as a
creaky fun house while making breathing space for Williams's considerations of
the magnetic appeal of the lurid and of the ordinariness of extraordinary evil.
The show isn't perfect, but with Judy Parfitt and J. Smith-Cameron as the
potential victims of Mr. Broderick's psychopathic bellboy, this is an agile and
surprisingly witty treatment of the sort of material usually delivered as
ghoulish parody (2:10). Lyceum, 149 West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays,
Thursdays and Fridays at 8 P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.;
Sundays at 3 P.M. Tickets: $25 to $60 (Brantley).

 *+ "VIA DOLOROSA." The British playwright David Hare presents himself as a
graver, distinctly English variation on Mark Twain's traveling American
innocents in this sad, funny and deeply engaging one-man show about his visit to
Israel and the Palestinian territories. Mr. Hare is not an actor by trade, and
he uses whatever awkwardness he may feel at being alone on a stage to recreate
the awkwardness of a outsider in a land of ferocious commitments, in which
ancient history is as fresh as yesterday's headlines. Mr. Hare's perplexity has
been given a formal, slightly exaggerated shape that is both affecting and,
against the odds, truly theatrical. Working with the inventive director Stephen
Daldry, the playwright transforms what might have been a lecturer's monologue
into a fluid dialogue between an observer and his subjects, people who will
always puzzle him. In so doing, the work, as good plays always will, finds the
echoing poetry in the dangerous chaos that is life (1:30). Booth Theater, 222
West 45th Street, (212) 239-6200. Mondays, Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 8
P.M.; Wednesdays and Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M. Closes June 13. Tickets: $35 to
$55 (Brantley).

Off Broadway

 *+ "BEAUTIFUL THING." The generosity of spirit abundantly evident in Jonathan
Harvey's script, and the well-matched, down-to-earth performances by Matt
Stinton and Daniel Eric Gold are the principal assets of this endearing,
lopsided smile of a British comedy about a boy who falls for the boy next door.
The production is not without shortcomings, particularly in the attempt to
render realistically, a la Mike Leigh, a slice of London life among the
hard-pressed and depressed. Yet despite some distractions, "Beautiful Thing" is
worth your attention, because even when Gary Griffin's direction falters, Mr.
Harvey's characters hold their own. The offbeat love story unfolds so
authoritatively, and in such sweet fits and funny starts, that you quickly grow
comfortable in the young men's world. And more than that, the young men at the
center of the story are teen-agers you're happy to root for (2:00). Cherry Lane,
38 Commerce Street, Greenwich Village, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays
at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 3 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 and 7:30 P.M. Tickets: $45
and $47.50 (Peter Marks).

 "THE MINEOLA TWINS." Playing both title roles in this political cartoon of a
play by Paula Vogel, the wonderful Swoosie Kurtz gets to show off the highly
refined comic exaggeration that first made her name in the New York theater. As
the buxom, right-wing Myrna and the flat-chested, left-wing Myra, Ms. Kurtz
scores personal, devilish points off familiar archetypes, and what she does with
a simple straitjacket is a marvel. Unfortunately, as these characters squabble
through four decades of American life, they are never much more than the sums of
their slogans and fashion accessories. The production itself, with the
resourceful Joe Mantello directing a stylish supporting cast, is first-rate, a
sort of pop hymn to the transforming powers of theater. But in manipulating
cultural cliches, Ms. Vogel (of the far superior "How I Learned To Drive")
usually fails to transcend them, with jokes at least as old as the first season
of "Saturday Night Live" (2:15). Laura Pels, 1530 Broadway, at 45th Street,
(212) 719-1300. Tuesdays, Thursdays and Fridays at 7:30 P.M.; Wednesdays and
Saturdays at 2:30 and 7:30 P.M.; Sundays at 2:30 P.M. Tickets: $55 (Brantley).

 *++ "SNAKEBIT." If it sometimes appears as if all good plays book passage to
New York on British Airways, then take heart from the all-American flight plan
of "Snakebit," David Marshall Grant's finely observed, beautifully acted
comedy-drama about the flaming out of friendship and marriage in a deceptively
sunny precinct of Los Angeles. Under the intuitive stewardship of the director
Jace Alexander, "Snakebit" renders Mr. Grant's brittle characters with such
insight and wryness that you may feel you've been assigned a seat inside their
uncomfortable skins. Mr. Grant is writing about a world with which he is on
intimate terms, and he makes an audience feel smart and entertained in that
world, too. That is no small feat. Whether these are the kinds of people you
want in your life is beside the point. Once you've seen "Snakebit," they're
there (2:00). Century, 111 East 15th Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through
Fridays at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 3 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 3 and 7 P.M. Tickets:
$45 and $47.50; lower-priced tickets at box office only (Marks).

 *+++ "THIS IS OUR YOUTH." Kenneth Lonergan's rambunctious play is back, and not
a moment too soon. In a season in which some of the wise men of the theater have
been trying to force-feed insipid fare like "Stupid Kids" and "Footloose" to
young audiences, it's sheer relief to celebrate the return of this witty play
about wayward teen-agers and post-adolescents that doesn't turn youthful
travails into plastic rap. The three-character comedy made an indelible
impression during an all too limited run two autumns ago under the auspices of
the New Group. It has been revived by another nonprofit theater, Second Stage,
with many of the original hands aboard. All are in fine form, incisively
animating Mr. Lonergan's devastating portrait of Upper West Side rich kids and
their amoral, self-abusive, patternless lives (2:00). Fairbanks, 432 West 42d
Street, (212) 239-6200. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 3 and 8
P.M.; Sundays at 3 and 7 P.M. Tickets: $45; student rush, $20 (Marks).

Last Chance

 *+ "THE HOTHOUSE." Pinter for Pinterphobes. This fractured, little-seen farce
from 1958, here given an exemplary production by the Atlantic Theater Company,
suggests that the ever enigmatic Harold Pinter could have flourished as a member
of Monty Python or "Beyond the Fringe." "The Hothouse" applies the rhythms of
old vaudeville routines to the darker complexities of the modern world, in this
case represented by a state-run convalescent home. The play has some ham-fisted
(and unnecessary) detours into apocalyptic darkness, but like the best of
Pinter, it reminds us of just how surreal our own everyday reality is, and in
doing so, it is criminally good fun. The director Karen Kohlhaas brings the
discipline of a military drill to the evening's sublimely unseemly goings-on.
And every member of the ensemble, headed by Larry Bryggman as the ultimate
clueless man in charge, creates a distinctly individual comic construct while
clicking right into the overall Swiss-watch precision (2:00). Through tomorrow.
Atlantic Theater, 336 West 20th Street, Chelsea, (212) 239-6200. Tonight at 8;
tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M. Tickets: $35 and $40; student rush $10 (Brantley).

 + "TITANIC." Going under without Leonardo or Celine and, for that matter,
without tears. This is the hit musical blueprint of the legendary maritime
disaster, a good-looking, cool and efficient piece of narrative that perversely
fails to capitalize on its two obvious trump cards, sentimentality and suspense
(2:35). Through Sunday. Lunt-Fontanne, 205 West 46th Street, (212) 307-4100.
Tonight at 8; tomorrow at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sunday at 3 P.M. Tickets: $45 to $80;
$20, for students and elderly, on day of show at box office (Brantley).

 Long-Running: Broadway

 Here are summaries of Ben Brantley's and Peter Marks's reviews:

 * "RENT." This landmark rock musical about love and death East Village style
seems to have benefited from the inevitable cast changes (2:45). Nederlander,
208 West 41st Street, (212) 307-4100. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.;
Saturdays at 2 and 8 P.M.; Sundays at 2 and 7 P.M. Tickets: $35 to $80; $20 ones
by lottery on day of show at box office.

 * "STOMP." Though it recently celebrated its 2,000th performance, this wildly
creative percussive show, danced to the music of clanging bric-a-brac you find
in your garage, is as crisp and exuberant as if it had opened yesterday (1:30).
Orpheum Theater, 126 Second Avenue, near Seventh Street, East Village, (212)
477-2477. Tuesdays through Fridays at 8 P.M.; Saturdays at 7 and 10:30 P.M.;
Sundays at 3 and 7 P.M. Tickets: $24.50 to $49.50.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: David Hare in his one-man show, "Via Dolorosa," at the Booth.
(Sara Krulwich/The New York Times)

TYPE: Schedule

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday
                                  City Edition

MALL PLANS SIDEWALK SALE

BYLINE: staff and wire reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; WINDOW SHOPPING; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 235 words

DATELINE: SHAWNEE


SHAWNEE - Shawnee Mall is holding a sidewalk sale this weekend. The Summer
Kickoff Sidewalk Sale is planned for Friday through Monday. Most stores are
expected to participate and discounts will range from 10 to 50 percent off.

Marco's Pizza opens in Edmond

EDMOND - Marco's Pizza opened its second Oklahoma location this week in Edmond
at 17900 N Western Ave. Toledo, Ohio-based Marco's Pizza has targeted the
Oklahoma City and Tulsa areas for growth. The company already has a store in
Broken Arrow and will open a Lawton location next month. Marco's Pizza makes
fresh dough daily and uses a proprietary sauce recipe and blend of three fresh
cheeses for its products.

Sam's membership discounted

Small businesses can receive a discounted Sam's Club membership during National
Small Business Week, May 23-28. A 15-week membership is available to small
business owners and start-up entrepreneurs for $15. The offer is not valid for
current Sam's Club members. Sam's Club, a division of Walmart, has eight
Oklahoma locations.

Box company opens location

EDMOND - Best Price Boxes has opened a new location at 15237 E Second St. in
Edmond. The moving box company buys and sells used boxes to keep them out of the
landfill. Unwanted boxes can be brought to the store for sale. Business owners
and warehouse managers are asked to call the store at 285-5400 to determine
whether their boxes are eligible for purchase.



LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2010 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 7, 1991, Monday, Late Edition - Final

THE MEDIA BUSINESS;
British Book Shops in Price Skirmishes

BYLINE: By SUZANNE CASSIDY,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section D; Page 10; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 743 words

DATELINE: LONDON, Oct. 6


A price war, an almost unknown occurrence in the British book-selling trade
because of a 91-year-old price-fixing pact among publishers, may now be in the
offing as Waterstone & Company begins discounting books this week at its 85
British shops.

Richard Barker, Waterstone's operations director, said Friday that the decision
to discount about 40 titles by 20 percent to 33 percent as of Oct. 11 was a
"very agonizing" one but that the company's hand had been forced by a
discounting campaign begun Sept. 27 by Dillons, Waterstone's principal
competitor in the specialist book retail market. Waterstone's, owned partly by
the W. H. Smith Group P.L.C., and Dillons, owned by Pentos P.L.C., each claim
about 11 percent of the British book market.

In the United States, price competition in the book trade is a fact of life;
indeed, the first American Waterstone's, which opened in Boston on Saturday,
offers a variety of discounts on books, including 30 percent off titles on The
New York Times best seller list.

Fixing Prices Since 1900

But in Britain, price competition has been forestalled by what is known here as
the Net Book Agreement, which was created in 1900 to prevent "debilitating and
killing price wars," said Paul Scherer, the president of Britain's Publishers
Association and managing director and chief executive of Transworld Publishers
Ltd. The agreement, Mr. Scherer said, has been "looked at time and time again"
by Government authorities but has thus far survived.

Some, however, question its future in the face of European Community free-trade
rules that prohibit price-fixing across the borders of the 12 member states.
Last spring, Reed Consumer Books, the consumer books business of Reed
International Books Ltd., decided to free the last of its imprints from the
requirement that they set minimum prices for their titles.

The 40 titles being discounted by Waterstone's and the 22 titles being
discounted by Dillons are nearly all titles belonging to Reed imprints. Both
Dillons and Waterstone's will be adding further titles to their discount lists
this autumn as new books are published.

The cover prices of the 22 new titles are being lowered 25 percent by Dillons,
and that is also the case at Pentos's other stores -- Hatchards, Claude Gill and
Athena.

At Dillons, Roddy Doyle's "The Van" (Secker & Warburg Ltd.), which has been
nominated for the prestigious 1991 Booker Prize for Fiction, is selling for
$18.31, $6.20 less than the publisher's price; Alex Comfort's "New Joy of Sex"
(Mitchell Beazley London Ltd.) is selling for $23.56, $7.95 less than the
publisher's price.

Dillons initially announced that it planned to cut the prices of four books
published under the Net Book Agreement by Faber & Faber Ltd., Jonathan Cape Ltd.
and Sinclair-Stevenson Ltd., but was blocked by an injunction taken out by the
Publishers Association on behalf of the three companies.

According to Dillons, sales of its discounted titles on Sept. 28, the first full
business day after the promotion was begun, were running at five to seven times
their previous rates of sale. To insure that sales of the discounted books
remain buoyant between now and Christmas, Pentos is spending about $876,000 on a
promotion campaign that includes television and newspaper advertising.

Called 'an Enormous Pity'

Mr. Scherer called Waterstone's decision to enter the price-cutting fray "an
enormous pity." Though the discounted books are not covered by the Net Book
Agreement, "there will undoubtedly be a spillover effect," Mr. Scherer said,
adding that "other booksellers may feel obliged to compete." That, he continued,
will "damage many booksellers who operate on very slim margins."

Mr. Barker said Waterstone's, too, supported the retention of the Net Book
Agreement. Without price supports, he said, "a lot of worthy books that should
be published but which may be commercially difficult will not be published." But
the chance that the agreement may "wither on the vine" as publishers are lured
by the increased profits discounting may yield cannot be Waterstone's prime
concern, he added.

"Our first and foremost duty is to protect the commercial well-being of our
business," he said. "We felt the Dillons campaign had the potential to damage
our business."

The chairman of Pentos, Terry Maher, who has long called for an end to the Net
Book Agreement, said he was delighted by Waterstone's decision.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 1991

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1991 The New York Times Company


                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         UltimateSocalVacationHomes.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.uscvh.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are dedicated to serving those traveling to beautiful Southern California
not only by offering two of the premier vacation homes in Orange County, but
also by providing one-stop convenience for: Discounted attraction admission and
show tickets to nearly every Southern California attraction (over 200 options -
Save $$ and avoid the lines.) Discounted airline tickets to Southern California,
or anywhere else in the US. Discounted car rental rates from all the major car
rental companies. Local SoCal area knowledge and trip planning advice.   Let us
help you plan your time in SoCal for maximum enjoyment while minimizing your
expenses. When you pre-purchase your attraction and event tickets with us you
can avoid the time spent standing in ticket lines and you will save money on
your ticket purchases to: Theme Parks - Disney, Knott's, Six Flags, Sea World,
Lego Land Zoos - San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Park Dinner Shows - Medieval Times,
Pirate Show, Disney Characters The Coast - Harbor cruises, fishing, whale
watching, diving, snorkeling Catalina Island - Catalina Flyer, Catalina Express,
Helicopter rides Adventure Excursions- Hot Air Balloons, air combat simulations,
race experiences   If you are traveling to Southern California in a group of
five or larger.... We highly recommend purchasing all your tickets before you
travel. You will be very happy that you did, and remember that EVERY attraction
ticket we offer is discounted off the face value (regular gate price) so you
will sa

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         UltimateSocalVacationHomes.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.ultimatesocalvacationhomes.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are dedicated to serving those traveling to beautiful Southern California
not only by offering two of the premier vacation homes in Orange County, but
also by providing one-stop convenience for: Discounted attraction admission and
show tickets to nearly every Southern California attraction (over 200 options -
Save $$ and avoid the lines.) Discounted airline tickets to Southern California,
or anywhere else in the US. Discounted car rental rates from all the major car
rental companies. Local SoCal area knowledge and trip planning advice.   Let us
help you plan your time in SoCal for maximum enjoyment while minimizing your
expenses. When you pre-purchase your attraction and event tickets with us you
can avoid the time spent standing in ticket lines and you will save money on
your ticket purchases to: Theme Parks - Disney, Knott's, Six Flags, Sea World,
Lego Land Zoos - San Diego Zoo, Wild Animal Park Dinner Shows - Medieval Times,
Pirate Show, Disney Characters The Coast - Harbor cruises, fishing, whale
watching, diving, snorkeling Catalina Island - Catalina Flyer, Catalina Express,
Helicopter rides Adventure Excursions- Hot Air Balloons, air combat simulations,
race experiences   If you are traveling to Southern California in a group of
five or larger.... We highly recommend purchasing all your tickets before you
travel. You will be very happy that you did, and remember that EVERY attraction
ticket we offer is discounted off the face value (regular gate price) so you
will sa

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Decatur Daily (Alabama)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 8, 2017 Wednesday

UNA offers Lawrence discounted grad school tuition

BYLINE: Michael Wetzel, The Decatur Daily, Ala.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 414 words


March 08--MOULTON -- Teachers in the Lawrence County school system seeking
higher education will get a discount of more than one-third on tuition if the
school board agrees to join a program offered by the University of North
Alabama.

The UNA LEAD initiative will offer teachers two three-hour graduate courses for
about $1,500 per semester, Jeff Cornelius, associate professor of instructional
leadership at UNA, told board members during a 34-minute presentation at the
monthly board meeting Monday night. He said the cost savings is 36.5 percent.

"It is designed for any graduate degree in the field of education," Cornelius
said. "... Participants can still be eligible for financial aid, too."

He said the program also waives fees tied to student activities, recreation and
athletics.

Cornelius said Lawrence County Schools would have 40 spots in the program. The
accepted teachers would pay the local school system for the classes in advance
of entering the program.

"If the teacher is not going to be dedicated (to earning a higher degree), we
don't want them in the program," he said. "Other counties have not opened it to
non-tenured teachers, but that decision will be up to this board."

Cornelius said school systems in Tuscumbia, Muscle Shoals, Florence, Sheffield,
Russellville, Lauderdale County and Franklin County are in the program.

Superintendent Jon Bret Smith called the program "a win-win. ... It's free for
(the school board), and a great service for (the teachers)," he said.

He said Lawrence County would get better educated and trained teachers and the
teachers would earn more salary with higher degrees.

District 5 board member Reta Waldrep said the program could help fill a void in
the system.

"We need more administrators," she said. "This would be a great way to get them
in the program."

The school board could vote to join the UNA program at the April meeting.

Smith recognized the Class 1A state championship won by the R.A. Hubbard girls
basketball team. R.A. Hubbard, coached by Candace Byrd, won the title in
Birmingham by defeating Spring Garden 44-43 last week.

The team will be honored at a reception at the school at 10 a.m. Friday, North
Courtland Mayor Riely Evans said.

The school board's next regular meeting is set for April 3 at 6 p.m.

mike.wetzel@decaturdaily.com or 256-340-2442. Twitter @DD_Wetzel.

___ (c)2017 The Decatur Daily (Decatur, Ala.) Visit The Decatur Daily (Decatur,
Ala.) at www.decaturdaily.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170308-DD-UNA-offers-Lawrence-discounted
-grad-school-tuition-0308-20170308

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DD


                        Copyright 2017 The Decatur Daily


                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               SUNDAY MAIL (QLD)

                              May 31, 1987 Sunday

FIGHT FIX CLAIM IS DISCOUNTED

SOURCE: QNP

BYLINE: AAPSPORT

LENGTH: 130 words


Fight fix claim is discounted CARSON CITY, Nevada._ Law authorities have
discounted claims of illegal activity surrounding the Sugar Ray Leonard-Marvin
Hagler fight in Las Vegas.

The Nevada Attorney-General, Mr Brian McKay, said his office had no evidence to
support rumors about fight judge David Moretti.

Mr McKay said there were rumors that Moretti was going into business with Las
Vegas gambler Billy Baxter, and that Baxter was believed to have bet a large sum
on Leonard.

McKay said there also were allegations that Baxter made his bets expecting an
official to influence the outcome of the fight illegally.

But there was no evidence to support claims that Moretti and Baxter had any
business relationship or that Baxter had an unusually big bet on the fight.

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: SML

                   Copyright 1987 Nationwide News Pty Limited


                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Annual Convention

LENGTH: 796  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: America's Beer Distributors, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following news release:



 NBWA's 79th Annual Convention will take place September 25 - 28, 2016, in
Chicago, Illinois.
 Register
 Register online using the link above, or complete a hard copy registration
form.


<h2>
 Hotel Reservations</h2>
 The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the official hotel for NBWA's 79th Annual
Convention. Make reservations online or call the hotel at 1-888-421-1442 and
refer to the NBWA Annual Convention. The discounted room rate is $269 + tax for
single/double occupancy.
 The last day to make hotel reservations and receive the discounted room rate is
August 31, 2016. The NBWA guest room block can sell out prior to this date.
Don't delay! Once the NBWA room block is sold out, rooms and rates cannot be
guaranteed.
<h2>
 Schedule</h2>





     Sunday, Sept. 25









     9:00 a.m. - 6:30 p.m.



     Registration Desk Open





     1:30 - 3:00 p.m.



     Education Seminars





     3:00 - 5:00 p.m.



     Distributor Member Meeting




    5:30 - 6:30 p.m.

    Next Generation Group Happy Hour




     6:30 - 8:30 p.m.



     Welcome Reception





     Monday, Sept. 26









     7:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.



     Registration Desk Open





     8:00 - 9:30 a.m.



     Education Seminars





     9:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.



     Opening General Session





     12:00 - 4:30 p.m.



     Product Demonstration Showcase Open





     Evening



     Supplier Meetings and Hospitalities





     Tuesday, Sept. 27









     7:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.



     Registration Desk Open





     8:00 - 9:30 a.m.



     Education Seminars





     9:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.



     General Session





     12:00 - 4:30 p.m.



     Product Demonstration Showcase Open





     Evening



     Supplier Meetings and Hospitalities





     Wednesday, Sept. 28









     Departures









<h2>
 Convention News</h2>
 18 Seminars on Tap for NBWA's 79th Annual Convention
 Political Pundits Tucker Carlson and Bill Press to Speak at NBWA's 79th Annual
Convention

<h2>
 Education Seminars</h2>
 A total of 18 education seminars will be presented on Sunday afternoon, Monday
morning and Tuesday morning. With topics ranging from warehousing and
operations, management trends, sales coaching, recruiting, content marketing and
social media, trade practices and cyber security, there is guaranteed to be a
session that will help your business.
 Don't wait! Seminars can sell out. View the schedule of seminars and seminar
descriptions, and purchase seminar tickets as part of your convention
registration.
 If you have any questions about NBWA's education seminar program, please
contact NBWA Coordinator, Member Programs and Meetings Maggie Moreland at
mmoreland@nbwa.org
 <h2>
 Product Demonstration Showcase</h2>


  Exhibitor List

  Floor Plan

  Online Booth Reservation

<h2>
 Media Registration</h2>
 Registration for members of the "working press" (reporters and editors actively
covering the event for a recognized news gathering organization) is
complimentary for up to two registrants per publication.
 To request complimentary media registration for NBWA's 79th Annual Convention,
complete the media credentials application form. Requests for media credentials
and registration must be made no later than Friday, September 16. Requests for
complimentary media registration cannot be accommodated on site.
 NBWA will provide designated space for display of trade publications. To
display copies of your publication at the convention, please complete the
publication display request form. After submitting the form, you will receive an
email confirmation from NBWA staff within one to two weeks with shipping dates
and instructions.
 Please contact NBWA Editorial Assistant Sara Neiman at sneiman@nbwa.org with
any questions.
 <h2>
 Sponsors</h2>
 View a list of sponsorship opportunities. For information about customized
sponsorship opportunities, please contact Mary Michalik at mary@corcexpo.com  or
312-265-9650 or Matt McLaughlin at matt@corcexpo.com  or 312-265-9655.
 <h2>
 Watch NBWA-TV 2015 Convention Highlights</h2>
 Tune in to NBWA's YouTube channel  or click on the links below to watch
NBWA-TV's coverage of the 78th Annual Convention and Trade Show in Las Vegas:


  Day One

  Day Two

  Day Three





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2016 Monday

Annual Convention

LENGTH: 796  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: America's Beer Distributors, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following news release:



 NBWA's 79th Annual Convention will take place September 25 - 28, 2016, in
Chicago, Illinois.
 Register
 Register online using the link above, or complete a hard copy registration
form.


<h2>
 Hotel Reservations</h2>
 The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the official hotel for NBWA's 79th Annual
Convention. Make reservations online or call the hotel at 1-888-421-1442 and
refer to the NBWA Annual Convention. The discounted room rate is $269 + tax for
single/double occupancy.
 The last day to make hotel reservations and receive the discounted room rate is
August 31, 2016. The NBWA guest room block can sell out prior to this date.
Don't delay! Once the NBWA room block is sold out, rooms and rates cannot be
guaranteed.
<h2>
 Schedule</h2>





     Sunday, Sept. 25









     9:00 a.m. - 6:30 p.m.



     Registration Desk Open





     1:30 - 3:00 p.m.



     Education Seminars





     3:00 - 5:00 p.m.



     Distributor Member Meeting




    5:30 - 6:30 p.m.

    Next Generation Group Happy Hour




     6:30 - 8:30 p.m.



     Welcome Reception





     Monday, Sept. 26









     7:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.



     Registration Desk Open





     8:00 - 9:30 a.m.



     Education Seminars





     9:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.



     Opening General Session





     12:00 - 4:30 p.m.



     Product Demonstration Showcase Open





     Evening



     Supplier Meetings and Hospitalities





     Tuesday, Sept. 27









     7:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.



     Registration Desk Open





     8:00 - 9:30 a.m.



     Education Seminars





     9:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.



     General Session





     12:00 - 4:30 p.m.



     Product Demonstration Showcase Open





     Evening



     Supplier Meetings and Hospitalities





     Wednesday, Sept. 28









     Departures









<h2>
 Convention News</h2>
 18 Seminars on Tap for NBWA's 79th Annual Convention
 Political Pundits Tucker Carlson and Bill Press to Speak at NBWA's 79th Annual
Convention

<h2>
 Education Seminars</h2>
 A total of 18 education seminars will be presented on Sunday afternoon, Monday
morning and Tuesday morning. With topics ranging from warehousing and
operations, management trends, sales coaching, recruiting, content marketing and
social media, trade practices and cyber security, there is guaranteed to be a
session that will help your business.
 Don't wait! Seminars can sell out. View the schedule of seminars and seminar
descriptions, and purchase seminar tickets as part of your convention
registration.
 If you have any questions about NBWA's education seminar program, please
contact NBWA Coordinator, Member Programs and Meetings Maggie Moreland at
mmoreland@nbwa.org
 <h2>
 Product Demonstration Showcase</h2>


  Exhibitor List

  Floor Plan

  Online Booth Reservation

<h2>
 Media Registration</h2>
 Registration for members of the "working press" (reporters and editors actively
covering the event for a recognized news gathering organization) is
complimentary for up to two registrants per publication.
 To request complimentary media registration for NBWA's 79th Annual Convention,
complete the media credentials application form. Requests for media credentials
and registration must be made no later than Friday, September 16. Requests for
complimentary media registration cannot be accommodated on site.
 NBWA will provide designated space for display of trade publications. To
display copies of your publication at the convention, please complete the
publication display request form. After submitting the form, you will receive an
email confirmation from NBWA staff within one to two weeks with shipping dates
and instructions.
 Please contact NBWA Editorial Assistant Sara Neiman at sneiman@nbwa.org with
any questions.
 <h2>
 Sponsors</h2>
 View a list of sponsorship opportunities. For information about customized
sponsorship opportunities, please contact Mary Michalik at mary@corcexpo.com  or
312-265-9650 or Matt McLaughlin at matt@corcexpo.com  or 312-265-9655.
 <h2>
 Watch NBWA-TV 2015 Convention Highlights</h2>
 Tune in to NBWA's YouTube channel  or click on the links below to watch
NBWA-TV's coverage of the 78th Annual Convention and Trade Show in Las Vegas:


  Day One

  Day Two

  Day Three





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 16, 2015 Thursday

FLORIDA:Red Sox Spring Training Team Store closing for this Friday

LENGTH: 137  words

DATELINE: Fort Myers


Greater Fort Myers Chamber Of Commerce Florida has issued the following news
release:

WHO: Boston Red Sox Spring Training Team Store

WHAT: The Boston Red Sox Spring Training Team Store will be officially closing
for the season and is not scheduled to reopen until January 2016.
As a thank you to team fans, all items, including authentic merchandise,
novelties, youth apparel, men's and women's apparel, hats and St. Patrick's Day
apparel, are discounted 50 percent off regular retail prices, and some select
items are discounted even further.

WHEN: Store hours
Monday through Friday
From 10 a.m. to 4 p.m.
Store officially closes on Friday, April 17.

WHERE: JetBlue Park at Fenway South
11500 Fenway South Drive
Fort Myers, FL 33913

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

              October 15, 1987, Thursday, Late City Final Edition

ADVERTISING;
United Buying Services At Penchina, Selkowitz

BYLINE: By Philip H. Dougherty

SECTION: Section D; Page 29, Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 130 words


United Buying Services of New York, which for 30 years has enabled members of
various organizations to buy discounted merchandise, is going to make its
services available to to the public. It has hired the Penchina, Selkowitz agency
to help.

Advertisements on broadcast and cable television in the New York-New
Jersey-Connecticut area are scheduled to begin in the first quarter. The budget
of $3 million will also cover a direct-mail program.

The advertising will offer membership in the United Buying Service Club, through
which discounted merchandise can be bought from participating retailers. The
club also provides help in obtaining discounted air fares, car rentals and hotel
rooms.

The buying service did not have a previous agency, according to Penchina,
Selkowitz.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1987 The New York Times Company


                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             March 12, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

DON'T DISHONOR PUBLIC SAFETY WORKERS

BYLINE: By Charles Masters Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Charles Masters guest column; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 513 words


As president of Augusta-Richmond County Professional Firefighters, I represent
more than 200 men and women that serve our community in the fire service.

A controversy erupted recently over the discounted dues afforded to Richmond
County public safety employees for using the Family Y. Commissioner Richard
Colclough - implying that the 9-11 disaster has been used as an excuse for
public safety workers' discounted dues - thinks that all county employees should
pay the same amount.

AFTER SITTING through the Feb. 13 Administrative Services meeting and the Feb.
22 Augusta Commission meeting - and listening to the absurd statements made by
certain commissioners about public safety employees - I must take a stand for
the men and women I serve.

We not only take great offense to, but are also sickened by, the statements "I'm
tired of hearing about 9-11" and "That happened in New York City." These are
just a few reasons why:

Tell the firefighter at Engine Co. 11 who has lost function in one of this hands
because of third-degree burns while in the line of duty that it shouldn't hurt,
as he lives in Augusta, not New York City.

Tell the firefighter at Engine Co. 13 that is off-duty with pins in his leg
because of a building collapse on Fayetteville Drive while in the line of duty
that it shouldn't bother him, as he lives in Augusta, not New York City.

Tell the firefighter at Engine Co. 6 that just had neck surgery - and will never
be the same because of injuries he sustained while fighting a fire on Molly Pond
Road - that it doesn't matter, as he lives in Augusta, not New York City.

Tell the firefighter at Engine Co. 9 who was burned while saving a woman from a
burning house on Wrightsboro Road - and was hospitalized in the burn unit at
Doctors Hospital and underwent six months of physical therapy - that his effort
was basically in vain, because it happened in Augusta, not New York City.

That's not even including the numerous injuries and/or deaths that occur in the
ranks of the Richmond County Sheriff's Office. All of these injuries are recent
and these are just a few of the many we have.

There's a sizable list of qualifications that a doctor has to sign off on in
order for one to be employed by the Augusta Fire Department. No other employees
outside of the Public Safety Department have to meet such qualifications to
perform their jobs.

IF ALL EMPLOYEES are deemed "the same," as stated in the previous meetings, then
we should all work the same shifts, get the same holidays and make the same
money - and job requirements should be the same. The hiring process for a public
safety employee takes approximately one year, compared to one week for an 8
a.m.-to-5 p.m. employee.

This is not about the increase for public safety employees' dues to the Family
Y. This is about irresponsible statements being made by certain commissioners
whom we vote into office to set policy and make decisions affecting the city we
live in. The men and women who serve our community deserve better than that.

(Editor's note: The writer is a sergeant with the Augusta Fire Department.)

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: GUEST COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                              April 6, 2007 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Alberta firm pays Microsoft $1M

BYLINE: Compiled from Herald News Services

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; North America in Brief; Pg. E6

LENGTH: 192  words


An Alberta-based Internet company that sold discounted student software to
ineligible customers has agreed to pay more than $1 million US to Microsoft
Corp. to settle a civil lawsuit.

Microsoft filed the suit last May against EDirectSoftware in U.S. District Court
in Billings, Mont. The defendants, who are based in the Edmonton area, used a
Billings postal box drop as part of the effort to sell the software, the lawsuit
said.

"The settlement we've made with EDirect is for a payment in excess of $1 million
and a stipulated injunction that says you cannot sell Microsoft software
anymore," Microsoft lawyer Bonnie MacNaughton told the Billings Gazette in a
story published Thursday.

U.S. District Judge Richard Cebull dismissed the case, but retained jurisdiction
in order to enforce the permanent injunction against EDirectSoftware.

MacNaughton said EDirect officials acknowledged improperly selling student-
discounted software. Microsoft Office 2007 retails for $240 US, while the home
and student-discounted version sells for $150.

Microsoft has filed nine lawsuits over the international student software scam
and has sent 55 cease-and-desist letters.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2007 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

Locals get first crack at properties;
Fed agency expands Enhanced First Look program to Dayton.;
HOUSING

BYLINE: By Cornelius Frolik

SECTION: ; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 623 words


Some community groups in the Dayton region will be able to review and buy
foreclosed properties owned by housing finance giants Fannie Mae and Freddie Mac
before they hit the public market.

The foreclosed homes are expected to be offered at a discounted price, and the
program could result in quicker sales and will give community and nonprofit
groups opportunities to put desirable properties in local control.

The program could prevent absentee landlords and investors from scooping up
properties that are important to stabilizing neighborhoods, officials said.

However, local use of the program likely will hinge on whether the sale prices
reflect the market, said Mike Grauwelman, executive director of the Montgomery
County Land Bank, which will be part of the program.

"We need to make sure we are buying them at a price that is sufficiently
discounted for the time it takes us to acquire it and put it on the market and
have it absorbed," he said.

On Tuesday, the Federal Housing Finance Agency announced it is expanding its
Enhanced First Look program to 18 metropolitan statistical areas, including
Dayton and five other Ohio communities.

The pilot program originally served the Detroit, Mich., market and later was
expanded to the Chicago area.

The 18 "hard-hit communities" have at least 100 properties owned by the housing
finance giants that are valued at $75,000 or less. Later on, Fannie and Freddie
properties valued up to $175,000 will be eligible for the program.

According to the auditor's office, Fannie and Freddie appear to own about 142
residential properties in Montgomery County alone.

The Dayton metro area consists of Greene, Miami and Montgomery counties.

Starting next month, qualified nonprofit groups and community organizations in
the Dayton metro area will be able to buy foreclosed, single-family structures
before they are publicly available for sale.

The properties, which will include condos and town homes, are expected to be
offered at discounted prices, based on the money Fannie and Freddie will save
related to upkeep, utilities, marketing and taxes.

Qualified groups - including the Land Bank and County Corp - will have a limited
opportunity to express interest in a property and then can decide whether to
accept a sales offer from Fannie or Freddie.

The program could shortening the time it takes for empty and abandoned
properties to be returned to productive use, Grauwelman said.

Empty, foreclosed properties drag down property values and can result in the
spread of housing abandonment. Housing can deteriorate fast and can attract
vandals and metal thieves.

Also, the program will give local community groups first crack at homes that are
important to neighborhood stabilization efforts.

The initiative could prevent homes from falling into the hands of negligent,
out-of-town investors who have no plans for reinvestment and would likely rent
out or sit on the properties, Grauwelman said.

He said the program's success will depend on the quantity and quality of the
properties offered.

About 30 properties per month are expected to be available through this program,
and the foremost goal is to find homebuyers, said Robert Grossinger, president
of the National Community Stabilization Trust, which is working with Fannie and
Freddie on the initia-Hundreds of thousands of properties auctioned across the
United States have been bought by institutional investors who rent out the
homes, which results in the loss of some community control, he said.

"There is just a benefit to the community to have some of these assets available
to them," he said.

The program allows nonprofit groups to rehab, rent, sell or demolish the
properties.

Contact this reporter at 937-225-0749 or email Cornelius. Frolik@coxinc.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 11, 2016 Thursday

Annual Convention

LENGTH: 297  words

DATELINE: New York



 Little Rock: America's Beer Distributors, The State of Arkansas has issued the
following news release:



 NBWA's 79th Annual Convention will take place September 25 - 28, 2016, in
Chicago, Illinois.





 Register



 Register online using the link above, or complete a hard copy registration
form.

 Hotel Reservations



 The Hyatt Regency Chicago is the official hotel for NBWA's 79th Annual
Convention. Make reservations online or call the hotel at 1-888-421-1442 and
refer to the NBWA Annual Convention. The discounted room rate is $269 + tax for
single/double occupancy.



 The last day to make hotel reservations and receive the discounted room rate is
August 31, 2016. The NBWA guest room block can sell out prior to this date.
Don't delay! Once the NBWA room block is sold out, rooms and rates cannot be
guaranteed.

 Schedule

 Sunday, Sept. 25





 9:00 a.m. - 6:30 p.m.



 Registration Desk Open

 1:30 - 3:00 p.m.



 Education Seminars

 3:00 - 5:00 p.m.



 Distributor Member Meeting

 5:30 - 6:30 p.m.     Next Generation Group Happy Hour

 6:30 - 8:30 p.m.



 Welcome Reception

 Monday, Sept. 26





 7:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.



 Registration Desk Open

 8:00 - 9:30 a.m.



 Education Seminars

 9:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.



 Opening General Session

 12:00 - 4:30 p.m.



 Product Demonstration Showcase Open

 Evening



 Supplier Meetings and Hospitalities

 Tuesday, Sept. 27





 7:00 a.m. - 5:00 p.m.



 Registration Desk Open

 8:00 - 9:30 a.m.



 Education Seminars

 9:30 a.m. - 12:00 p.m.



 General Session

 12:00 - 4:30 p.m.



 Product Demonstration Showcase Open

 Evening



 Supplier Meetings and Hospitalities



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             April 28, 2006 Friday
                                  All Editions

Maine tribal delegation thanks Chavez

BYLINE: AIMEE DOLLOFF OF THE NEWS STAFF

SECTION: Pg. A1

LENGTH: 1035 words

DATELINE: INDIAN ISLAND


Representatives of Maine's Indian tribes, part of a delegation of more than 60
Americans who recently visited Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez, expressed
gratitude for the South American leader's consideration of poor people beyond
his country's borders.

In the contracts signed in January at Indian Island, the U.S.-based Citgo
Petroleum Corp., the national petroleum company of Venezuela, agreed to sell
discounted oil to the Maliseet, Micmac, Passamaquoddy and Penobscot tribes in
Maine.

The trip to Venezuela to discuss the deal on discounted heating oil Chavez
facilitated earlier this year was spur-of-the-moment after a similar delegation
met earlier this month in New York to discuss the oil deal, how it worked, and
make suggestions for the future.

"People wanted the opportunity to go to Venezuela, thank Chavez and request that
it continue," Eric Wingerter of the Venezuela Information Office in Washington,
D.C., said Thursday.

Ambassador Bernardo Alvarez was at the New York gathering and called Caracas,
the Venezuelan capital.

"The president was immediately excited about it," Wingerter said, noting that
the trip was arranged within two weeks to conform with Chavez's busy schedule.

During the meeting last weekend with Americans from New York, Vermont and other
Northeastern states, Chavez announced that he intends to continue the program,
but wants to make some changes that the tribal delegation in Maine is pleased
with, according to Penobscot Indian Chief James Sappier.

Chavez, a fierce critic of President Bush, insists the U.S. government has
systematically sought ways to overthrow him in order to seize Venezuela's vast
oil reserves. U.S. officials have denied that and accuse the Cuban-allied Chavez
of posing a threat to democracies in the region.

Sappier said he didn't see that the U.S. government is at odds with Venezuela
because there were U.S. members of Congress who participated in the visit, and
U.S. cities that praise the heating oil program.

"Visiting the country was really to thank the president for what he's done for
poor people; I don't see any problem with that whatsoever," Sappier said. "I
have seen tribes that are at odds with their state governors but do some very
good things together."

Five members of the Penobscot Indian Nation, including Sappier, attended the
Venezuelan meeting to thank Chavez personally for his generosity and to talk
about the future of the deal. Representatives from Maine's Passamaquoddy,
Maliseet and Micmac tribes also attended, as well as program participants from
Portland.

"[Maliseet Indian Chief] Brenda Commander and I gave [Chavez] a medicine stick
and explained the medicine stick," Sappier said. "He seemed to be very
interested in spirituality."

The Penobscot chief said that when he presented the hand-carved, traditional
medicine stick, the entire crowd of about 4,000 people who were attending a town
meeting-type event with the Venezuelan leader grew silent.

"The whole place went quiet. Four thousand people just, bang, stopped in their
tracks," Sappier said. "We said a prayer together, and everybody stood up. He
held that stick right up. It was just remarkable, I thought."

Sappier also presented Chavez with an eagle feather, a sacred symbol to the
Penobscots.

"I went right up to him and shook his hand and invited him to come to Maine,"
Michael Sockalexis, the Penobscot Nation tribal representative to the
Legislature, said Thursday.

Sappier said the concept of socialism and responsibility was present throughout
the visit, which was paid for by Citgo.

"Socialism there is actually helping people who need help," Sappier said.

The idea of socialism is why Citgo and not other privately owned oil companies
became involved in the project at the request of the U.S. Congress.

"I know Americans are skeptical and say, 'What's the motive?'" Wingerter said.
"Citgo has traditionally benefited greatly from the U.S. It's their way of
giving back."

Under Chavez, Wingerter said, the country has adopted a new sense of social
responsibility.

"But it's not just about Chavez," Wingerter said. "It's about a social renewal
that's going on throughout Latin America."

Chavez announced during the Americans' visit that he intends to continue the
program that provides oil to low-income people at a 40 percent discount, but
would like to implement some changes.

"Next year, the structure will stay the same, but of that 40 percent paid by
recipients, half of it is going to be returned to the communities," Wingerter
said.

Based on community needs, the money will be used for a variety of things from
literacy education to health care.

The system is one that has worked well in Venezuela, where unemployment has been
high because the country's entire economy is based on oil.

"In an attempt to diversify the market, a lot of communities in Venezuela are
organizing into cooperatives," Wingerter said.

Because the co-ops are worker-owned, the employees are sharing in the profits.
The government also helps to provide training.

Under Chavez, the indigenous people of Venezuela are being recognized for the
first time, and the president is attempting to bring them out of poverty and
return them to their homelands, Wingerter said.

Over the years, people have fled the rural lands seeking work and made it to the
capital Caracas, which now has a population of 5 million. There's not work for
everyone, so shantytowns surround the city and the poverty level is high.

"Some publicly held land is being given back to individual families that will
farm it," Wingerter said. In addition, some of the biggest landowners in the
country are being provided tax incentives to turn land back over to farmers.

"There's a lot of technical support and training," Wingerter said. "You're not
just taking people back to rural areas, you're also giving them the tools to
survive."

Interest in the program has increased around the United States, and the Maine
tribes are expected to be part of the process of getting other tribes nationwide
involved. Several tribes, such as the Sioux and Ojibwa, already have expressed
interest.

Sappier said a meeting is expected to be held in the next couple of months to
discuss the year ahead and make plans to get more people involved.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2006 Bangor Daily News


                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Elkhart Truth (Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Dunkin' Donuts gift cards, discounted gym visits and more in this week's deals

BYLINE: Emily Pfund, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 328 words


Dec. 02--Looking to save some money this week? Start with these Michiana deals.

Edwardsburg Fitness Company

Location: 69855 Rolen Dr., Edwardsburg , Mich.

Hours: Staffed 11 a.m. to 8 p.m. Monday through Thursday, 8 a.m. to 3 p.m.
Friday and 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturday

Offer: Work off your Thanksgiving feast (and the leftovers) with this Groupon
offer from Edwardsburg Fitness Company. Get 10 gym visits, a $100 value, for
$35. Coupon expires 90 days after purchase. See full offer for more information.

Dunkin' Donuts

Location: 335 C.R. 6, Elkhart

Hours: 4 a.m. to 9 p.m. daily

Offer: Now through Friday, Dec. 5, get a free $5 DD card when you enroll in DD
Perks with the Dunkin' Mobile app. You can also get a free beverage using code
"BONUS." The chain is also running a sweepstakes on their Twitter account in
honor of National Cookie Day, which is Thursday, Nov. 4.

Olive Garden

Location: 3003 Brittany Court, Elkhart

Hours:11 a.m. to 10 p.m. Sunday through Thursday and 11 a.m. to 11 p.m. Friday
and Saturday

Offer: Get a coupon for $10 off your next visit when you purchase $50 in gift
cards. Gift cards can be purchased at any Olive Garden restaurant or can be
ordered online with free shipping. Visit the chain's website for more
information.

Meijer

Location: 4522 Elkhart Rd., Goshen

Hours: Open 24 hours

Offer: The supermarket chain is having a 10 for $10 sale on select items this
week. Buy 10 items and the 11th is free. See this week's Sunday ad for a list of
items included in this sale.

Yummy Cupcakes

Location: 119 S. Michigan St., South Bend

Hours: 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sunday

Offer: The South Bend cupcake shop is offering $25 gift certificates for $12.50.
The gift certificates must be purchased online through Dec. 16. There's a
limited supply, so get yours before its too late!

___ (c)2014 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141202-1ET-Dunkin-Donuts-gift-cards-discounted
-gym-visits-and-more-in-this-week-s-deals-1202-20141202

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                        Copyright 2014 The Elkhart Truth


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 26, 2015 Saturday

Students offer free, discounted services at area schools

BYLINE: Peter Cameron, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 723 words


Dec. 26--After decades working in restaurants, Nadine Novak needed a change,
both spiritually and occupationally.

But when the Scranton native entered the massage program at McCann School of
Business this year, her last formal learning experience was ages ago, and she
was initially intimidated by the anatomy and kinesiology classes.

That education really didn't click into place for the 50-year-old woman until
instruction moved into the school's spa. There, the students were able to apply
what they had learned on the knotted muscles and tendons of real people, and Ms.
Novak realized she had made the right decision.

"When I hear them go 'ahhhh,'" she said of her first clients. "That was the
moment."

The Dickson City business school is just one of many area institutions that give
their students essential real-world experience while offering the public a
discounted or even free service.

From free psychology screenings at Marywood University to cheap haircuts at the
Career Technology Center of Lackawanna County, there are lots of opportunities
the public can take advantage of while helping students learn their trades.

David Schaitkin, campus director of the McCann School of Business in Dickson
City, noted that because massage therapists must now be licensed by the state --
they need 600 hours of training -- the hands-on learning is even more important.

"It ends up being a really valuable experience for the students," he said. "I
can't tell you how many come back and say to me, 'I didn't realize how much I
really knew.' It gives them the self-confidence to go out there and do what they
need to do."

Lackawanna College invites the public to come to its sonography lab to allow
students to practice. Pregnant women can get a free sonogram of their developing
baby, and anyone can get an echocardiogram of their heart or a scan of their
blood vessels. The machines work by harmless sound waves, so there's no
radiation and no risk involved, said Mary Kay DelRosso, assistant program
director for sonography. A registered technician supervises, but the students
provide the public service while applying their book learning.

"No one can make their hands scan well but themselves," she said. "It's like any
other skill. You have to practice it to get good at it."

The area's one student-run restaurant, the fine-dining Chef's Table, closed when
Keystone College shut down its culinary program earlier this year, citing high
costs and low enrollment in the program.

Lackawanna College plans to fill that gap in the fall when it launches an
80-seat, student-run restaurant in the newly renovated building on Adams Avenue
in Scranton.

Contact the writer:

pcameron@timesshamrock.com, @pcameronTT on Twitter

Opportunities for free or discounted services from students:

HAIR, SKIN AND NAIL SERVICES

Where: Career Technology Center of Lackawanna County, Henry J. Dende Campus,
3201 Rockwell Ave., Scranton

When: Thursdays and Fridays, 12:15-2:45 p.m.

Cost: $5 haircuts, $2 manicures, etc.

Appointment necessary?: No, but encouraged. Call 570-346-8471, ext. 170 or 175,
to make one.

Where: Empire Beauty School, 3370 Birney Ave., Moosic

When: Monday-Friday, 9:30 a.m. -- 3 p.m.; evening hours Tuesday-Thursday, 5:30-9
p.m.

Cost:

Appointment necessary?: No, but encouraged. Call 570-392-9048 to make one.

SONOGRAPHY: ultrasounds for pregnant women, echocardiograms of the heart and
vascular system scans

Where: Lackawanna College, Main Building, 501 Vine St., Scranton

When: Monday-Friday, 8 a.m.-4 p.m.

Cost: Free

Appointment necessary?: No, but best to make one to ensure openings. Call
570-504-7920 to make one.

PSYCHOLOGY SCREENINGS

Where: Marywood University, McGowan Center for Graduate and Professional
Studies, 2300 Adams Ave., Scranton

When: Thursday, Feb. 25, 9 a.m.-7 p.m. (eating disorder screenings), and
Thursday, April 7, 9 a.m.-7 p.m. (anxiety screenings)

Cost: Free

Appointment necessary?: No.

MASSAGES

Where: Spa at McCann School, 2227 Scranton/Carbondale Highway, Dickson City

When: Monday-Thursday, 9 a.m.-8 p.m.; Friday, 9 a.m.-4 p.m.; Saturday, 9 a.m.-3
p.m.

Cost: $15-$45, depending on length and type of massage. Click for full menu.

Appointment necessary?: Yes. Call 570-307-2000 to make one.

___ (c)2015 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151226-YT-Students-offer-free-discounted
-services-at-area-schools-1226-20151226

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2015 The Times-Tribune


                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                      January 19, 2016 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Lightlake Therapeutics Announces Adapt Pharma Facilitates NARCAN (Naloxone
Hydrochloride) Nasal Spray Access to 62,000 State, Local Public Entities

LENGTH: 506  words


Jan. 19 -- Lightlake Therapeutics Inc. ("Lightlake") (OTCQB:LLTP), a specialty
pharmaceutical company developing pharmacological treatments for substance use,
addiction, and eating disorders announced today that Adapt Pharma Limited
("Adapt"), Lightlake's commercial partner for NARCAN Nasal Spray, has, in
support of White House efforts to address the opioid overdose epidemic and a
community forum in Knoxville, Tennessee, announced that it has reached an
agreement to facilitate the purchase of NARCAN Nasal Spray by offering its
discounted public interest price to 62,000 agencies in state and local
government and the non-profit sector.

NARCAN Nasal Spray is the only U.S. Food and Drug Administration ("FDA")
approved, ready-to-use, nasal spray version of naloxone hydrochloride, indicated
for the emergency treatment of opioid overdose.

Adapt, in partnership with the National Association of Counties, National
Governors Association, National League of Cities, and United States Conference
of Mayors, will offer NARCAN Nasal Spray at a discounted public interest price
of $37.50 per dose ($75 for a 2 pack carton) through the U.S. Communities
Purchasing Alliance and Premier, Inc. Adapt's discounted public interest price
is available to qualifying group purchasers, such as law enforcement,
firefighters, first responders, departments of health, local school districts,
colleges and universities, and community-based organizations. This partnership
comes as deaths from opioid-based prescription painkillers and heroin have
reached epidemic proportions in the U.S., surging to over 29,000 in 2014,
according to figures released in December 2015 by the Centers for Disease
Control and Prevention.

"We're pleased that Adapt has rapidly commercialized this product. They're
committing significant resources to ensure NARCAN Nasal Spray gets to those
organizations and communities with urgent need and they're providing it at a
discounted price," said Dr. Roger Crystal, M.D., CEO of Lightlake. "Lightlake is
very proud to see the drug the company developed making it to market, and being
able to address one of the major health crises in the U.S."

In December 2014, Lightlake announced a licensing deal with a subsidiary of
Adapt. As per the terms of the deal, in exchange for licensing its opioid
overdose reversal treatment, Lightlake could receive total potential milestone
payments of more than $55 million, plus up to double-digit percentage royalties
on net sales. The FDA approved NARCAN Nasal Spray on November 18, 2015 and
Lightlake received a $2.0 milestone payment from Adapt that was triggered by the
FDA approval of NARCAN Nasal Spray. Lightlake also expects to receive a $2.5
million milestone payment from Adapt after the prospective first commercial sale
of NARCAN Nasal Spray in the U.S.

Lightlake plans to now focus on developing products for substance abuse,
addictions, and eating disorders. Over the next year, Lightlake plans to bring
the next generation of products into clinical trials.

Source: Lightlake Therapeutics

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2016 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           October 30, 1991 Wednesday

BUDGET TRAVEL   It's a good time to ride the rails   TRAIN TRIPS " Fares drop
with temperature   in many regions of North America

BYLINE: MARGARET PITON; GAM

LENGTH: 666 words


BY MARGARET PITON
 WITH cooler weather coming, rates for rail travel in many regions of
North America are coming down. This could be a good season to view the
scenic beauty of the continent from the comfort of a train seat.

Via Rail has cut prices on both its Atlantic and Western services. On
the Atlantic runs, rates for adults have been discounted by 40 per cent,
which means that the fare for Toronto to Halifax is as low as $99 and for
Toronto to Gaspe as low as $86. To qualify for the discounts, you must
purchase tickets at least seven days before travelling.

These prices do not include sleeping accommodation, but rates for that
have also been discounted by 40 per cent, again with a seven-day advance
purchase requirement.

On the Canadian lines operating west from Toronto, fares are being
discounted by 33 per cent, also with a seven-day advance purchase needed.
Sample fares with the discount are: Toronto to Winnipeg, $127; Toronto to
Vancouver, $255; Edmonton to Vancouver, $100. Starting Nov. 1, surcharges
for sleeping space on the Western rates will be dropped, resulting in
price decreases of as much as 50 to 60 per cent, depending on the route.

Students and senior citizens can get additional discounts on basic
fares. The total discounts amount to 40 per cent in the West and 50 per
cent in the Atlantic region. However, none of the discounts will be
applicable during the Christmas period.

Via seems to be moving toward a fare structure similar to that used by
the airlines, raising prices in peak season and cutting them when business
is slow, and requiring advance booking for discounts. This makes it harder
for passengers to figure out the fare structure, but still provides
benefits to those able to travel at unpopular times.

If you like to drink alcohol, Via offers something of a bargain on its
first-class service in the Windsor-to-Quebec City corridor. The price of a
Via 1 ticket includes a full meal served with wine and before and after
dinner drinks. The meal and drinks, if served in a good restaurant, could
easily cost $40, almost half the first-class fare for Toronto to Ottawa.
For non-drinkers, the Via 1 fares still compare favourably with air fares
in most cases.

Amtrak, the U.S. passenger rail corporation, has also cut its fares for
the winter, and generally offers lower per-kilometre rates than Via. Some
of its fares are real bargains - for example, Montreal to New York and
back for $68 (U.S.), Toronto to New Orleans and back for $179 (U.S.).
Meals and sleeping accommodation are extra.

It is no secret that the British Isles are no longer a travel bargain.
Still, there are parts where accommodations are plentiful and reasonably
priced.

Northern Ireland is one such region. There are many bed-and-breakfast
places and farmhouses where a night's stay with a full Irish breakfast
will cost less than $20 a person. Dinner is also offered at many of these
places, and for as little as $60, a couple can get a place to stay and a
generous breakfast and dinner in rural areas.

The Northern Ireland Tourist Board publishes several useful books that
are available free from its New York office. One book, Where to Stay in
Northern Ireland, lists all the hotels and approved guesthouses, B & Bs,
youth hostels, camping and self-catering facilities with prices, addresses
and phone numbers. Another brochure, Farm & Country Holidays, includes
pictures of many of the homes - rates are as low as $19 a person, with
most charging less than $25 a person for bed and breakfast.

There is also a publication, Where to Eat in Northern Ireland, that
lists restaurants in the six counties by location, price range and type of
cuisine, but it does not offer any commentary on quality. Food quality in
Ireland has improved a lot in recent years and is generally good if you
stick to local specialties - salmon, soda bread, prawns, roast beef and
fresh vegetables.

For copies of any of these publications, contact the Northern Ireland
Tourist Board, 276 Fifth Ave., Suite 500, New York, N.Y., 10001, telephone
(212) 686-6250.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 July 7, 1993, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Commodity Rise Wilts Treasuries

BYLINE: By MICHAEL QUINT

SECTION: Section D; Page 14; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 810 words


A sharp rise in commodity prices yesterday took some steam out of the Treasury
bond market, where prices fell by about a quarter of a point.

With prices of Treasury notes and bonds at such lofty levels that their yields
were the lowest in about 20 years, analysts said the bond market was
particularly vulnerable to a setback.

"Investors are understandably reluctant to buy when yields are at 20-year lows,"
said one institutional salesman. "And the rise in commodity prices was just the
excuse they needed to pull back a bit."

Although commodity prices are often regarded as harbingers of inflation trends,
many analysts were not convinced that the recent increases were meaningful
signals of higher inflation.

Two Traits Missing

Mickey D. Levy, chief financial economist at Nationsbank, said that "with the
economy showing widespread signs of weakness and coming reports on consumer and
producer prices likely to show very low inflation, it's hard to make case that
the market is going through a true inflationary scare."

He added that two traits of inflationary scares -- an increase in 30-year
Treasury bond yields relative to short-term rates and weakness in the dollar --
were not evident yesterday.

"At current levels there is some price shock among buyers, and the market needs
to pause a while," Mr. Levy said. Since May 21, Treasury bond prices have gained
nearly 4 3/4 points, and the yield of the closely watched 7 1/8 percent issue
due in 2023 has fallen to 6.68 percent from 7.03 percent.

The catalyst for the pause was a sharp rise in grain prices -- particularly
soybeans -- that raised the Commodity Research Bureau's closely watched index of
commodity prices by 5.31 points, to 217.32, the highest level in 21 months. At
the same time as grain prices were rising in response to severe flooding in the
upper Mississippi River Valley, gold prices continued rising and ended the day
at $391.65, up $4.05.

Consumer Prices Due

Although the increase of more than two percentage points on the C.R.B. index
left the index at its highest level in 21 months, economists were not abandoning
forecasts that the Consumer Price Index for June would be flat, while producer
prices would fall slightly.

As for gold's upward move toward $400 an ounce, economists were more inclined to
cite demand for portable property in developing countries like China and India
than on a shift of assets by inflation-wary investors.

By late in the day, the Treasury's new 4 1/8 percent two-year notes due in June
1995 were offered at 100 1/4, down 5/32 , to yield 3.99 percent. The new 5 1/8
percent notes due in 1998 fell 9/32 and were offered at 10013/32 to yield 5.03
percent. In the long-term market, the 7 1/8 percent Treasury issue due in 2023
fell 7/32 to yield 6.68 percent.

The highest prices for Treasury issues came in overseas trading when the
five-year note traded as high as 10026/32 and the 30-year bond touched 10615/32
.

Even if commodity prices are not an accurate harbinger of inflation, there are
other signals that inflationary pressures are building, some analysts say. They
note that the Federal Reserve's sustained push for lower interest rates the last
few years has created a surfeit of credit available in the financial system.

Once businesses and consumers become more willing to borrow and spend, the
credit availability means the banking system has ample capacity to finance a
boom that would exceed the economy's ability to grow and would result in more
inflation.

Fed Is 'Reflating'

H. Erich Heinemann, an economist at Ladenburg Thalmann & Company, noted that
bank reserves with the Fed grew at an unusually rapid 14.4 percent rate in the
year ended with the second quarter, on top of a 16.4 percent growth rate the
previous year. "What the Fed is doing is reflating and reflating very
aggressively," he said.

While he is unable to say when the rapid growth in bank reserves will result in
higher inflation, Mr. Heinemann said, "Enough people are nervous about what the
Fed is doing that it explains the choppy trading recently in the long Treasury
bonds." He noted that the 30-year Treasury issue, even before yesterday's drop
in price, had not been able to attract enough buyers to bring its yield
decisively below 6.65 percent.

Although Fed officials have often talked about their willingness to push rates
higher to fight inflation, Mr. Heinemann said there were no solid signs that
reserve growth had slowed appreciably. "What is likely is that the Fed will
continue an easy-money policy for an extended period," he said. When credit
demands by businesses and consumers begin rising more rapidly, he said, the Fed
will probably try to limit or delay the increases in rates.

Following are results of yesterday's auctions of new three-month and six-month
Treasury bills:

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: "(000 omitted in dollar figures)"
                                 3-Mo. Bills         6-Mo. Bills
Average Price                         99.239              98.433

Discounted Rate                        3.01%               3.10%

Coupon Yield                           3.08%               3.19%

High Price                            99.254              98.448

Discounted Rate                        2.95%               3.07%

Coupon Yield                           3.01%               3.16%

Low Price                             99.237              98.433

Discounted Rate                        3.02%               3.10%

Coupon Yield                           3.08%               3.19%

Accepted at low price                    68%                 61%

Total applied for                $32,528,382         $39,742,899

Accepted                         $12,230,462         $12,241,960

N.Y. applied for                 $29,419,353         $36,929,561

N.Y. accepted                    $10,787,033         $11,101,052

Noncompetitive                    $1,364,975          $1,051,821


Both these issues are dated July 8, 1993. The three-month bills mature Oct. 7,
1993, and the six-month bills, Jan. 6, 1994.
; Graphs: "Treasury Yield Curve" shows yields of selected Treasury securities,
in percent. (Source: Technical Data); "3-Month Treasury Bills" shows average
discounted rate in percent at weekly auction from Mar.-July, 1993. (Source: The
Bond Buyer)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           September 9, 2008 Tuesday
                                  ROP Edition

Stop & Shop drops lawsuit on trademark;
Comes to 'amicable' agreement with Whole Foods on slogan

BYLINE: STEVE ADAMS, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Business; pg. 7

LENGTH: 245 words


QUINCY - Stop & Shop Supermarket Co. has withdrawn a trademark infringement
lawsuit against rival Whole Foods Market for the organic grocery chain's use of
the "Real Deal" promotional slogan.

"The dispute has been resolved amicably," Stop & Shop spokesman Robert Keane
said. "Whole Foods has agreed to no longer use the 'Real Deal' marks."

Stop & Shop and its mid-Atlantic sibling, Giant Food, launched a promotion on
May 30 using the phrase "Real Deal" to highlight discounted items.

Austin, Texas' Whole Foods rolled out a marketing campaign on June 17 using the
phrase "The Real Deal" on a blog and quarterly circular. The company also
identified discounted items with "Real Steal" shelf signs.

Stop & Shop sued in U.S. District Court in Boston on July 22, claiming trademark
infringement. Stop & Shop attorneys said the similarity of the promotion was
likely to confuse consumers and hurt its business. Whole Foods, which has been
trying to shed its reputation for pricey groceries, was trying to trade on Stop
& Shop's reputation for bargains, attorneys for the Quincy grocery chain argued.

Attorneys for both sides in July had asked for more time to prepare court
briefings because settlement talks had begun.

Whole Foods has renamed its program "The Whole Deal," company spokeswoman Robin
Rehfield said. The blog on Whole Foods' Web site has since been renamed, "The
Whole Deal." Whole Foods now uses the phrase "The Whole Deal" in its stores and
fliers, Rehfield said.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 14, 2013 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Sale Insider by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 395 words


Rare opportunity

EurAsian Interiors has been entrusted to host a sale of museum-quality
ethnographic art, artifacts and exotic furniture from a family's personal
collection. Pieces from all over the world including China and India are
included and have been discounted 50 percent through Sunday. Any remaining
pieces will be returned to the family. Hours are 10:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily.
1787 S. Broadway, 303-998-5632

Man about town

Select fall and winter merchandise has been discounted 25 to 50 percent through
Jan. 20 at Moda as part of it's Half Yearly Sale. This includes sport coats,
pants, jeans, sport shirts, coats, jackets and more. The men's apparel store
carries such lines as Ross Graison, Haupt, Jack Victor and IBIZA. Hours are 10
a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Thursday, until 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday, and 11
a.m. to 5 p.m. Sunday. 1459 Larimer St., 303-862-5949, modaman.com

A paper route

Holiday invitations, cards, wrapping paper, gift tags and ribbons are included
in the Post-Christmas Sale at The Papery continuing through Jan. 31. Hours of
the Bonnie Brae neighborhood store are 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday through
Friday, 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sunday. A variety of
other items have also been marked down. 728 S. University Blvd., Unit B,
303-744-1642, thepaperydenver.com

50-50

The women's boutique Eccentricity is having a sale with half the store
discounted 50 percent. Clothing, jewelry, shoes and gifts are included through
Jan. 26. SI Tip: mention this column to save an additional 15 percent. Hours are
10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday through Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday. 290
Fillmore St., 303-388-8877, eccentricity.com

Entertain some savings

All entertainment furniture is discounted 30 percent through January at the
Modern Bungalow. This includes entertainment centers, wide screen furniture,
recliners, coffee tables and end tables by Canal-Dover, Trend Manor, Simply
Amish, Hile Studio and Comfort Design. 2594 S. Colorado Blvd. (in University
Hills Plaza), 303-300-3332, modernbungalow.com

Free days this week

Saturday: Money Museum, Colorado Springs, money.org

Each Monday, "Sale Insider" gives shoppers the inside scoop on store discounts
and bargain events. Preference is given to retailers and events that have not
been listed recently. To include a sale, e-mail living@denverpost.com 10-14 days
in advance.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Provided by EurAsian Interiors

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Energy News

                        May 5, 2015 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

FPL Announces First Pre-Qualified Data Center Site in Miami at eMerge Americas

LENGTH: 862  words


May 5 -- Florida Power & Light Company (FPL) today announced the certification
of Miami-Dade County's Light Speed building as a pre-qualified data center
location. The announcement was made this morning at the eMerge Americas
conference, the annual technology and innovation event that promotes the
acceleration of a technology corridor for the Americas. The 197,000-square-foot
building, located at 11500 NW 25 Street in Doral, currently houses Miami-Dade's
911 call center, and offers an additional 155,000 square feet of available space
and 3.2 acres of vacant land, which is primed for expansion.

FPL commissioned Biggins Lacy Shapiro & Company (BLS), a leading economics and
site selection firm, to study and review a combination of factors to identify
the most attractive sites for data centers in Florida. The criteria included
reliable and redundant access to electric power, fiber infrastructure,
competitive cost structures and locations insulated from man-made and natural
risks. This is the fourth site FPL has pre-qualified within its 35-county
service territory, in addition to sites near West Palm Beach, Sarasota and
Jacksonville.

"Miami-Dade County's Light Speed building, which is six miles from Miami
International Airport, provides operators with a wide variety of benefits,
including access to utilities, proximity to major highways and security," said
Manny Miranda, vice president of Power Delivery for FPL. Speaking at eMerge
Americas, Miranda said, "Miami is a prime location for data center growth and
expansion given its robust infrastructure, access to reliable electricity and
excellent connectivity to international locations."

Miami is home to the Network Access Point (NAP), which serves as a major
switching station for Internet traffic to and from Latin America, and is located
only 12 miles from the site. The tech industry in the city is booming with a 24
percent increase in tech jobs since 2012, according to the Beacon Council,
Miami-Dade County's official economic development agency.

According to Data Center Map, the online authority for data center locations,
Miami tops the Florida market for data centers with 25 currently located in
Miami, followed by 19 in Tampa. Florida overall has been ranked number two in
tech hiring by The Dice Report and number two for Best Business Climate by
Business Facilities Magazine and is recognized as one of the top five telecom
hubs in the world by Enterprise Florida, Florida's principal economic
development organization.

"The BLS study has provided us with special insight in order to understand the
unique needs of data center operators and how FPL can be a partner in helping
data centers succeed," said Lynn Pitts, director of FPL's Office of Economic
Development. "FPL is already providing, reliable, redundant, affordable, clean
energy to more than 50 data centers throughout South Florida."

Together with its energy service affiliate, Syska Hennessey, BLS designed a
three-phase evaluation process that analyzed the electric supply and capacity,
electricity costs, access to long- and short-haul fiber providers, water
availability, tax exemptions and incentives, demographics, vendor/supplier
networks and the ability to complete construction over a period of 18 months.
Further studies are underway to identify additional sites to respond to market
demand.

"Within the FPL service area, there is a significant amount of fiber access,"
says Tim Comerford, senior vice president of BLS's energy services team. "Couple
that with their utility infrastructure and cost of electricity, and I think you
have a great combination for site selection within Florida."

In 2014, FPL added a negotiable rate for big power users such as data centers,
known as the Commercial Industrial Service Rate (CISR). In order to negotiate
this rate, potential or existing businesses must, among other requirements, have
a load of 2,000 kilowatts or greater, served by a single meter. FPL also offers
discounted electric rates that are designed for new and expanding businesses
that meet certain electricity usage criteria and create jobs for Floridians.
While FPL's rates are already 30 percent below the national average, the
discounted rates serve as an added incentive for companies considering moving to
or expanding in Florida.

To help data center site selectors, real estate professionals, economic
development partners and businesses looking to relocate or expand in Florida,
FPL created a one-stop online resource center through PoweringFlorida.com. The
site features detailed fact sheets on these four pre-qualified sites and tools
to access comprehensive, objective data. The website assists economic
development partners to build community evaluations and proposals to determine
if Florida is the right fit for relocating and expanding businesses. Since FPL
began offering discounted rates for economic development in the state, 49
companies have signed up to participate, creating more than 8,000 jobs.

To request the full study or to learn more about Florida's pre-qualified data
center sites, discounted electric rates and more, visit
PoweringFlorida.com/datacenter.

Source: Florida Power & Light Company

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2015 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Cont. Illinois' Discount DCs Praised by Street

                           February 24, 1981, Tuesday

By JOHN YOCH

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Wall Street is applauding the introduction of discounted large negotiable
certificates of deposit by Continental Illinois National Bank & Trust Co. of
Chicago. But other money-center banks show scant interest in following suit.

Dealers say discounted negotiable CDs will trade more fluidly in the secondary
money market because they conform to instruments such as Treasury bills and
bankers acceptances. This makes yield comparisons easier.

Contacts with dealers helped prompt Continental's decision, said treasurer David
G Taylor. "They told us it would help them distribute our CDs," he said, adding
that his bank expects others to also begin the practice.

"Let's face it. We are all heavily dependent on the money market for our funds,"
Mr. Taylor added. "Inertia is one reason we didn't do it five years ago."
Continued from page 1

A discounted security is bought-below face value, which the holder receives at
maturity, providing a couponequivalent yield which is greater than the discount.

An interest-coupon security, when originated, usually is bought at or near par
value. The holder receives interest during the instrument's life and is paid par
value at maturity.

Continental began offering discounted CDs Feb. 17, while retaining the
conventional interest-coupon form. Othewise, the new CDs are standard, with a
minimum amount of $100,000 and maturities of up to one year.

So far, most purchasers of the new CDs have been major dealers, -said Benjamin
Cohen, domestic term-liability manager at Continental. The bank declines to give
figures on how many of these CDs it has written. "It's going to take a little
time before there are direct retail investors. They want to be sure they can
maintain a secondary market," Mr. Cohen said. Wave of the Futur?

Most banks currently are reducing their outstanding negotiable CDs. Federal
Reserve data show these CDs declined $1.823, billion to $114.6I3 billion during
the week ending Feb. lI.

Severl CD traders hailed discounting as "-the wave of the future"; one said,
"Our conversations with retail investors indicate they would love it." But the
response of other money-center banks has been cool.

These banks generally said they are satisfied with the status quo. Some said
they see no reason to incur the costs of accounting for discounted instruments.

A spokesman at one major bank put it this way, " We are not averse to doing it.
But one problem is that everybody talks in nominal rates." This means a quote on
a discounted CD might give a false impression that it yields less than a coupon
CD.

He explained that when banks began issuing negotiable CDs after Citibank
introduced them in 1961, the instrument was designed as an extension of existing
time deposits. Although dealers then recommended discounting, there were fears
that this might run afoul of the Glass-Steagall Act.

"In those days, banks said they were taking deposits, not writing CDs. Times
have really changed," this spokesman pointed out. The secondary market in the
1960s was a fraction of its present size, he added.

Nick DeLeonardis, vice president for domestic money management and marketing at
First National Bank of Chicago, said discounted CDs appeal most to active market
participants.

"Most people want to see a coupon, he said. "The interest-bearing CD will still
be dominant."

Mr. DeLeonardis acknowleged that it is more difficult to take a book loss on a
discounted instrument, but he said most investors hold CDs to maturity anyway.

Officers at two New York money centers suggested an ulterior motive for offering
discounted CDs, Speaking off the record, they said the big Chicago banks are
embarrassed because they must offer higher CD yields than New York banks. A
discounted CD gives no clues as to the original yield.

"That's a lot of malarky," one CD trader responded. Traders generally say the
top 10 U.S. banks trade on an equal basis as a rule of thumb. Embarrassment
Sweepstakes

Another said, " In the embarrassment sweepstakes, there are a lot of banks
lining up ahead of Continental." During recent periods of rising interest rates,
Continental managed its assetliability maturity mismatch better than several
other money centers, he added.

Sid Gledhill, a domestic CD trader at Lombard-Wall Inc., said discounting can
attract investors unwilling to put up additional money to cover accrued
interest, which can build to very high levels on older coupon CDs.

Also, in volatile interest rate conditions, outstanding CDs can have wide coupon
disparities. This means their prices will respond differently to changes in
money market conditions, causing some illiquidity, said a money market
department officer at one large New York dealership.

This disparity in price responses increases as market rates diverge from the
coupons on outstanding CDs, he explained.

Fred Henning, portfolio manager for Fidelity Management and Research Co.,
Boston, said he hoped other banks will begin offering disounted CDs. The greater
ease in comparing yields of alternative money market investments is important in
day-to-day portfolio management. "You are comparing apples and apples, not
apples and oranges," Mr. Henning said. He acknowleged that some individual
investors prefer a coupon CD if they want to invest a fixed amount in the
primary market. "But I think that in the use of the money markets by
corporations and investors, money is pooled."

Joseph Bench, financial strategist for Trading Company of the West, Los Angeles,
said, "It makes accounting a lot easier for (money market) funds." Also,
investors are more willing to pay a premium for a discount instrument than for
one with a fixed coupon which could be less liquid, he said.

Mr. Bench noted that his firm is lengthening maturities currently because its
interest rate outlook is "very bullish." But it probably will buy Continental's
discount CDs when its forecasts change.

Several traders said discounted CDs also could improve the liquidity of CD
futures, if these are introduced. A contract permitting delivery of discounted
CDs, which are homogeneous, would be more liquid than a contract in which only
dissimilar interest-coupon CDs are eligible, the traders pointed out,

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1037 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1981 American Banker, Inc.


                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Alaska Journal of Commerce

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday

Groupon attracting new faces to Anchorage businesses

BYLINE: Sean Manget, Alaska Journal of Commerce, Anchorage

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 861 words


April 21--Coupon-a-day service Groupon has been available in Anchorage since
November, and local businesses are seeing massive inflows of new customers eager
to take advantage of the deeply-discounted deals.

Since its founding in November 2008, the site has amassed more than 36.7 million
subscribers in the U.S. alone. Worldwide, the site is now offered in 45
countries, according to media reports.

It works like this: Groupon features a deeply-discounted deal from a local
business each day for each of the cities it serves. People sign up for the
coupons directly on the site, and if a certain sales benchmark is reached, the
deal is on.

Advertisement

Otherwise, the deal goes away, but none of those who already signed up are
charged.

Groupon doesn't require featured businesses to pay anything up front. Instead,
Groupon takes half of the sale of the coupon, with the featured business taking
the other half.

That leaves featured businesses with little revenue from those sales, as the
coupons are already discounted at 50 percent or more of the normal price for the
good or service.

But Isaac Vanderburg, Interim Associate State Director with the Alaska Small
Business Development Center, said the long-term benefits of being featured can
outweigh the losses suffered initially.

"It's like a tool. You need to learn how to use it," Vanderburg said. "Groupon
can step in and send a bunch of customers your way really quickly."

Superstar Pastry Design, a local bakery that sells custom wedding cakes,
cupcakes and other pastries, was the first Anchorage business featured on
Groupon.

Even with the company's Anchorage subscriber base limited at the time due to the
fact that Groupon had just launched here, the deal worked well for the outlet,
said Kory Joyner, the company's founder and owner.

The deal offered six cupcakes for $10, normally a $22 value. She took a loss
initially on those cupcakes, "but it's been really good. It's gotten us a lot of
new faces in the door, which is the whole point."

Of the 151 people who bought a coupon, 71 have cashed them in so far as of April
13, Joyner said. And the deal has brought recurring faces whose continued
patronage will boost her business in the long run.

One precaution Vanderburg said companies should take is ensuring that they can
handle the sudden onslaught of new customers. Joyner said she initially had that
concern as well.

"Right out the gate," she said, "my first worry was, 'Oh my God, what if we sell
way too many of these?'"

Groupon offers a feature to let businesses set an upper limit on how many people
can buy a coupon, and Joyner had hers set at around 2,000, just in case.

Gilbert Ramos, owner of the Japalenos Mexican restaurants in Eagle River and
Wasilla, said he left his Groupon deal open to an unlimited number of customers,
though he limited the coupons to three per customer.

Despite having to account for extra patronage -- 800 people have used the
coupons so far, he said, leaving about 1,088 still yet to be used before they
expire Oct. 4 -- the restaurants are accommodating new customers just fine,
Ramos said.

"What helped me, for my business, were the new people we were able to get in the
door," he said. "I've already seen some back without the coupon."

But Stefan Zijlspra, owner of Scooper Trooper, an Anchorage business that offers
dog cleanup services, said he realized after his company was featured that the
influx might be too much.

The deal offered eight weeks of poop-scoop services for $42, a $109 value.

He didn't want to get backed up to the extent that customers would have to wait
six weeks or longer for service, he said.

Even though the company was only featured as a "side Groupon," Zijlspra ended up
having to call Groupon to end the deal early after 200 people bought the
coupons.

"We ended up cutting it off after a day and a half because we couldn't handle
the amount of business that was coming in," he said.

But he also had run a direct-mail campaign at the same time, so that may have
contributed, he said.

On average, his business already services 400 customers per week, he said.

Employees are working long hours to try and accommodate those who have already
redeemed the coupons, and there are between 150 and 160 customers out there who
haven't yet turned theirs in, he said.

Given that Scooper Trooper is making roughly $20 for each customer despite a
$109 value, Zijlspra isn't yet sure if the deal has been worth it.

"For me, it remains to be seen how many of these people are going to stick with
the service," he said. "If I have people who are continuing after these two
months, and I can increase my customer base on a permanent basis, then yeah,
it's going to be worth it."

Phone calls and an email sent to Groupon were not returned by press time.

Sean Manget can be reached at

sean.manget@alaskajournal.com

To see more of the Alaska Journal of Commerce, or to subscribe to the newspaper,
go to http://www.alaskajournal.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Alaska Journal of
Commerce, Anchorage Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
more information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110421-JA-Groupon-attracting-new-faces-to-Anchorage-businesses-0421-20110421

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JA


                   Copyright 2011 Alaska Journal of Commerce


                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times Herald (California)

                              May 18, 2010 Tuesday

Grants pay for concerts

BYLINE: Times-Herald staff report

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 302 words


Thousands of dollars of music industry price-fixing settlement money has been
and is paying for local area concerts, state Attorney General Edmund G. Brown
Jr.'s office announced Monday.

Grants of more than $500,000 were distributed to counties statewide, California
Arts Council spokeswoman Mary Beth Barber said.

The grants support performances and events in 43 of the state's 58 counties,
reaching an estimated audience of 200,000, she noted.

Solano County used its $15,000 -- the maximum amount -- for free public
performances of symphonic music, big band and musical theater by the Solano
Community Symphony.

Alameda County's portion goes to the EastSide Arts Alliance for performances at
a jazz and arts festival Saturday. Also Saturday, funds will go toward free and
discounted admission to Sacramento County's Latin rock concert, La Raza Galeria
Posada.

Contra Costa County's Los Cenzontles is using its $15,000 for free and
discounted access to Mexican, Latin, jazz and bluegrass performances in June,
July, August and September, and the Yolo County Arts Council's share is being
used for discounted family tickets to blues, rock and Scottish musical
performances July 15 and 22.

In September 2002, California and 42 other states settled an antitrust case
against five of the nation's largest music CD companies and three national music
retail chains over allegations of fixing advertised prices for music CDs,
Brown's office noted in the announcement. In the final settlement, the companies
paid more than $67 million in cash and provided nearly $76 million in music CDs
to schools, universities and libraries nationally, including more than 660,000
in California, Brown's office said.

California's share of the remaining cash, about $550,000, was given to the Arts
Council for one-time music-presenting grants.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 9, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Prices Turn Up for Treasury Issues

BYLINE: By The Associated Press

SECTION: Section D; Page 16; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 514 words


The Treasury market ended a sharp weeklong decline as prices advanced yesterday
in advance of the Government's sale of new notes and new reports on inflation.

The price of the Treasury's 30-year bond gained 3/32 of a point. Its yield,
which moves in the opposite direction, slipped to 6.19 percent, from 6.20
percent on Friday.

Shorter-term maturities posted bigger price gains.


Positive Economic Reports

This was the market's first broad advance since Oct. 28. Last week, a string of
positive economic reports sent Treasury prices plunging and yields on the long
bond soaring by nearly a quarter of a percentage point.

Analysts tied most of yesterday's price gains to strategies by investors trying
to unwind speculative trading strategies.

Before last week's price plunge, many traders who expected bond prices to drop
borrowed bonds and sold them short. Yesterday, these traders bought bonds at the
cheaper prices, paid off their loans and pocketed the price difference in a
process called short selling.

Traders do not want to be in risky trading strategies amid the uncertainty of
the Treasury's auction of three-year notes today and 10-year notes tomorrow,
analysts said.

In addition, the Labor Department is releasing its producer price inflation
statistics today and its consumer price inflation data on Wednesday.

"Everything is sort of the anticipation of upcoming reports," said Robert
Brusca, chief economist and senior vice president at Nikko Securities
International.

Economists hope the reports provide more insight into whether the economy is
entering a period of faster growth that could aggravate inflation pressures.

If the reports show higher-than-expected inflation, the bond market could
tumble. Inflation reduces the value of fixed-income securities like bonds.


Fear of Rate Increases

In addition, investors are concerned that the Federal Reserve may lean toward
encouraging higher interest rates as a way to keep inflation from picking up.
Higher rates on new securities can reduce the value of existing bonds.

The Lehman Brothers Daily Treasury Bond Index, reflecting price movements on
bonds with maturities of a year or longer, added 3.92, to 1,310.45.

In its weekly bill auction, the Treasury sold $13.8 billion of three-month bills
at an average discount rate of 3.11 percent and a yield of 3.18 percent.

Another $13.9 billion of six-month bills was sold at an average discount rate of
3.28 percent and a yield of 3.38 percent.

In secondary trading, the discount rate on three-month Treasury bills held at
3.04 percent. The discount rate on six-month bills fell 2 basis points, or
two-hundredths of a percentage point, to 3.22 percent. And the discount rate on
one-year bills fell 5 basis points, to 3.36 percent.

In the tax-exempt market, the Bond Buyer index of 40 actively traded municipal
bonds closed at 10121/32 , up 2/32 from late Friday. The average yield to
maturity was unchanged at 5.65 percent. Following are the results of the
Treasury's regular weekly auction of three- and six-month bills:

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: Table lists the results of the Treasury's regular weekly auction
of three- and six-month bills:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)
                                      3-Mo. Bills    6-Mo. Bills
Average Price                              99.223         98.351
Discounted Rate                             3.11%          3.28%
Coupon Yield                                3.18%          3.38%
High Price                                 99.228         98.361
Discounted Rate                             3.09%          3.26%
Coupon Yield                                3.16%          3.36%
Low Price                                  99.223         98.351
Discounted Rate                             3.11%          3.28%
Coupon Yield                                3.18%          3.38%
Accepted at low price                         61%            16%
Total applied for                     $56,003,960    $63,817,995
Accepted                              $13,804,830    $13,915,048
N.Y. applied for                      $52,085,044    $61,380,326
N.Y. accepted                         $12,565,184    12,972,8595
Noncompetitive                         $1,383,249      $967,816
Both issues are dated Nov. 12,
1993. The three-month bills mature
on Feb. 10, 1994, and the
six-month bills mature on May 5,
1994.

Graph: "3-Month Treasury Bills"
shows average discounted rate of
3-month treasury bills from July
to Nov. (Source: The Bond Buyer)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                October 26, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Yield on 30-Year Bond Rises to 6%

BYLINE: By JONATHAN FUERBRINGER

SECTION: Section D; Page 18; Column 4; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 1013 words


The yield on the 30-year Treasury bond jumped to 6 percent yesterday amid
uncertainty about the outlook for economic growth, inflation and interest rates.

The selloff, the fourth in the last six trading days, was aided by stronger-
than-expected car sales for the second 10-day period of October. Sales came in
at an annual rate of 7.8 million, up from 6.8 million in the first 10 days of
the month and more than the 6.6 million pace in September. In addition, sales of
existing homes rose 2.6 percent last month, to the highest level of the year.

With the first report on the pace of economic growth in the third quarter due on
Thursday, when data on gross domestic product comes out, traders and investors
are focusing on whether there is a threat that faster economic growth could push
inflation higher.


Have Rates Bottomed?

With long-term interest rates still near their lowest levels in 25 years, even
after a sharp rise in the last week, many investors are trying to divine whether
rates have reached bottom. Any news that implies they may have can prompt heavy
selling.

But it seemed that by yesterday afternoon, after the car sales were digested,
traders and investors began to think that while growth was picking up in the
second half of the year, the fundamentals of moderate growth and moderate
inflation were still in place. And if that is the case, there is no reason for
long- or short-term interest rates to climb sharply. As if confirming that view,
traders and investors began buying back a lot of what was sold in the morning.

By 5 P.M., the price of the 30-year bond, which was down more than a point
earlier, was off just 9/32 . The yield, which moves in the opposite direction,
was at 6 percent, up from 5.98 percent on Friday but down from 6.06 percent
earlier in the session, the high during trading yesterday.

The yield on the Treasury's 10-year note finished at 5.42 percent, up from 5.39
Friday but below the 5.49 percent high for the day. The yield on the two-year
note ended at 3.91 percent, up from 3.89 percent but below the day's high of
3.93 percent.


Up, but Not Soaring

The general wisdom on Wall Street, which can often be wrong, is that while the
economy is now growing faster than in the first half of the year, it is not
going to take off.

The third quarter seems significantly improved simply because it contrasts
sharply with an anemic 1.3 percent increase in the gross domestic product in the
first six months of the year. According to Market News Service, the average
growth rate of a range of forecasts is 2.8 percent after adjusting for
inflation.

Many economists are also predicting that growth in the fourth quarter will be
even stronger -- 4 percent or more -- in part because of a rebound in automobile
production that has been expected for some time now.

But many of these same economists expect the pace of growth to slow a little in
the first half of next year as President Clinton's tax increases begin to take
effect.

On inflation, the Consumer Price Index, which was rising at a 2.7 percent annual
rate through September, is expected to stay in this range in the near future,
despite an uptick forecast in October because of the new gasoline tax and
factors used to adjust the index for seasonal fluctuations in prices.


Signs of a Trading Range

All of this adds up to an economic background that forces the yield on the
30-year bond into a trading range. Some analysts say there is a chance the yield
on long-term securities could move lower once it is clear that neither the
economy nor inflation is accelerating. But at the least, the 30-year bond seems
to be safely in a range of 5.75 percent to just over 6 percent, said Jay
Woodworth, senior domestic economist at Bankers Trust.

"I don't see any signs in the gross domestic product accounts to back up the
story about the Clinton Administration economists who believe there is a
fundamental re-acceleration of the economy," Mr. Woodworth said. He forecasts a
sluggish growth rate of 2 percent in the third quarter, 3 to 3.5 percent in the
fourth, and 2.5 to 3 percent in the first quarter of next year.

Traders and investors were also focusing yesterday on the two Treasury auctions
this week, the two-year note sale today and the five-year note sale Wednesday.
There is often selling ahead of such auctions in an effort to lower prices and
make the new securities cheaper for dealers to buy.

In when-issued, or pre-auction, trading, the yield on the two-year note was at
3.94 percent, the same as on Friday, while the yield on the five-year note was
4.81 percent, up from 4.78 percent.

Other Bonds

In the corporate market, the Philadelphia Electric Company priced $475 million
of debt securities through competitive bidding.

The first part was $250 million of noncallable bonds due in 2001, which were won
by Citicorp Securities. The bonds have a 5 5/8 percent coupon and were priced to
yield 5.88 percent, or about 57 basis points more than a Treasury security with
a similar maturity. A basis point is one-hundredth of a percentage point.

Lehman Brothers won the remaining $225 million of bonds due in 2024. With a 7
1/4 percent coupon, the bonds were priced to yield 7.33 percent, or about 114
basis points more than a Treasury issue with a similar maturity.

In the municipal market, a tax-exempt financing by Detroit was tentatively
priced yesterday to yield a maximum of 5.40 percent for an issue due in 2023.
The taxable equivalent yield for investors in the 31 percent tax bracket would
be about 7.83 percent.

Underwriters led by Goldman, Sachs & Company said serial bonds with shorter
maturities were also priced, with yields ranging from 3.40 percent in 1995 to 4
percent in 1998, 4.65 percent in 2003 and 5.209 percent in 2009. The taxable
bond equivalents would thus run from about 4.92 percent in 1995 to about 7.63
percent in 2009. All of the bonds are insured, giving them a triple-A rating.

Following are the results of yesterday's Treasury auction of three-month and
six-month bills:


LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Table: Table list the results of yesterday's Treasury auction of
three-month and six-month bills:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

                                 3-Mo. Bills    6-Mo. Bills
Average Price                         99.221         98.387
Discounted Rate                        3.08%          3.19%
Coupon Yield                           3.15%          3.29%
High Price                            99.224         98.397
Discounted Rate                        3.07%          3.17%
Coupon Yield                           3.14%          3.27%
Low Price                             99.221         98.387
Discounted Rate                        3.08%          3.19%
Coupon Yield                           3.15%          3.29%
Accepted at low price                    90%            69%
Total applied for                $50,064,046    $45,286,515
Accepted                         $13,031,121    $13,066,165
N.Y. applied for                 $46,865,535    $42,313,390
N.Y. accepted                    $11,871,410    $11,969,100
Noncompetitive                    $1,030,200       $731,095


Both issues are dated Nov. 1, 1993. The three-month bills mature on Jan. 27,
1994, and the six-month bills mature on April 28, 1994.

Graph: "3-Month Treasury Bills" shows average discounted rate of 3-month
treasury bills from July to Oct. (Source: The Bond Buyer)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Cary News (North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 31, 2011 Sunday

Fair deal: Buy tickets early, save a bit

BYLINE: Amy Dunn, The Cary News, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 304 words


July 31--It's time to start thinking about fried candy bars, racing pigs and
Ferris wheel rides.

There may still be 21/2 months until the N.C. State Fair opens, but tickets go
on sale Monday and buying early can save money.

Concert tickets, discounted admission tickets and discounted ride tickets go on
sale online at 10 a.m. Monday at  for this year's fair, which runs Oct. 13
through Oct. 23.

Advance admission tickets are $6 for adults and $2 for children, saving you $2
on adult tickets and $1 on child tickets. Children younger than 6 and adults 65
and older get the best deal: They get in free.

You can also save by buying ride tickets in advance. An 18-ticket ride sheet
will cost $10 in advance, saving you $8 off the price at the fair.

If you wait until Sept. 29 when advance tickets go on sale throughout the
Triangle, you avoid online ticket fees and save even more. The tickets will be
available in Raleigh at the fairgrounds, the State Farmers Market, the N.C.
Museum of History and Triangle Town Center. In Clayton, they'll be at the
Clayton Corners Shopping Center; in Burlington, at the Burlington Square Mall;
in Chapel Hill, at University Mall, and in Durham at Northgate Mall.

There's also an early-bird special: Spend $40 to $100 online and get one free
admission ticket. Purchase $100.01 to $200 and get two free tickets. Spend more
than $200 and get three free tickets. The special lasts until Sept. 28 and is
good for online sales only.

amy.dunn@nando.com or blogs.newsobserver.com/saver

To see more of the Cary News or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.carynews.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Cary News, N.C. Distributed by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information about the content
services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit
www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110731-CW-Fair-deal-Buy-tickets-early-save-a-bit-0731-20110731

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CW


                 Copyright 2011 The Cary News (North Carolina)


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 16, 2007 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. P03

LENGTH: 877 words

LAND

The Seventh Mountain Resort in Bend, Ore., is offering a golf package for stays
through Oct. 31. For about $150 per person double weekdays ($180 weekends),
package includes two nights in a one-bedroom suite, a round of golf for two at
nearby Widgi Creek Golf Course and taxes. Priced separately, room usually starts
at $206, including taxes, and golf costs $49-$60 per person. Cart is $15 per
person extra. Info: 800-452-6810, http://www.seventhmountain.com.

Stay for three nights at the Cheeca Lodge in the Florida Keys and get a fourth
night free. The deal at the 27-acre oceanfront resort in Islamorada applies to
Sunday and Monday arrivals through Oct. 15. A resort-view room starts at $219 a
night; a one-bedroom suite starts at $429 a night. Taxes are an extra 11.5
percent and the resort fee is $39 per room per night. The 199-room resort has
two swimming pools, three restaurants, a nine-hole "pitch & putt" golf course
and six tennis courts. Info: 800-327-2888, http://www.cheeca.com.

The Rafaelhoteles Casanova in Barcelona has discounted rates on stays from
November through March to introduce recent renovations, which include a new
restaurant and decor. The rate of $190 a night (plus 7 percent taxes) includes a
double room, buffet breakfast, Casanova cocktail, free WiFi and late checkout.
The hotel is within walking distance of Las Rambla, the popular pedestrian mall.
Rates before promo start at about $305. For reservations, call 866-849-6396.
Hotel info: http://www.rafaelhoteles.com.

SEA

Voyages of Discovery has discounted its three Antarctic cruises by up to 20
percent, is offering free international airfare and has waived the single
supplement in select categories. For example, its Antarctica I tour departing
Dec. 12 now starts at $4,120 per person double (brochure rate was $4,895); taxes
and fees are an extra $327. The tour includes round-trip air from Washington to
Buenos Aires and between Buenos Aires and Ushuaia, Argentina; three nights'
hotel in Buenos Aires; and 11 nights aboard the 350-cabin MV Discovery. Air to
Buenos Aires, priced separately, is about $845 round trip. Other discounted
journeys include Antarctica, the Falklands and South Georgia, departing Nov. 26
($4,795 per person), and the Antarctic Peninsula and South Georgia, departing
Dec. 21 ($4,975). Info: 866-623-2689, http://www.voyagesofdiscovery.com.

Receive a $300 spa credit per cabin when you book a seven-night Eastern
Caribbean Christmas cruise aboard the Celebrity Millennium with SureCruise.
Ocean-view cabins start at $1,399 per person double (plus $63 taxes). The credit
can be used for any spa treatment, including massages and hydrotherapy spa
baths. Ship departs Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on Dec. 23. Book by Sept. 17 at
877-346-3433. Cruise details: http://www.surecruise.com.

? Save up to $200 per person on more than a dozen cruises being offered by
RiverBarge Excursions through 2008. For example, a seven-night Cajuns and
Creoles cruise round trip from New Orleans departing Nov. 27 is now $2,405 per
person double, including shore excursions, taxes and tips; passengers also
receive a $50-per-cabin shipboard credit. Info: 888-462-2743,
http://www.riverbarge.com.

AIR

Fly from New York to Pisa, Italy, on Delta for $591 round trip, including $43
taxes. Depart Oct. 31-Dec. 13 and return by Jan. 13. Lowest fares apply to
Monday-Thursday flights. Book by Sept. 25 at http://www.delta.com, or pay $20
more by calling 800-241-4141. Other airlines are matching.

JetBlue has sale fares from Washington Dulles to Orlando. Pay $59 each way ($139
round trip with taxes) for travel Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday through Jan.
30; holiday blackout dates apply. Deadline to buy is Sept. 18; 10-day advance
purchase required. Other airlines are matching. Buy at http://www.jetblue.com,
or pay $10 more by calling 800-538-2583.

PACKAGES

Book a package to Vail, Colo., this fall and kids ages 2 to 12 fly free. For
example, a seven-night trip in early November for a family of four costs $1,747,
including $418 per adult for airfare from Washington, $25 air taxes per child
and $861 for a one-bedroom loft unit at the Sandstone Creek Club condominium
complex. The promotion, offered by the Vail Valley Partnership and American
Airlines, is good for travel through Nov. 15. Cheapest rates apply to flights
arriving at Eagle County Airport Sunday-Wednesday and departing Tuesday-Friday.
Two-night minimum stay required. Prices vary by property and travel dates. Book
at 888-303-3834. Vail info: http://www.vail.com.

Go-today.com's six-night package to London starts at $674 per person double
(including $175 taxes) with round-trip flight from Washington and lodging at the
Apollo Hotel, a budget property in north London. Priced separately, air costs
$461 and six nights at the hotel goes for $853. Cheapest prices apply to Tuesday
and Wednesday travel; deal available for travel Jan. 8-Feb. 24. Pricier hotels
are also available. Info: 800-227-3235, http://www.go-today.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

Discount tickets for the N.C. State Fair to go on sale Aug. 1

BYLINE: Catherine Pritchard, The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 232 words


July 21--Organizers of the 2014 State Fair will start selling concert tickets,
discounted admission tickets and ride sheets at 10 a.m. Aug. 1.

The tickets will be available at ncstatefair.org. The discounted prices will be
available through Aug. 31. The fair is Oct. 16-26 at the State Fairgrounds in
Raleigh.

Scheduled concert performers include Trace Adkins, Vanilla Ice, Joan Jett and
the Blackhearts and the Newsboys. Ticket prices range from $5 to $17.

The cost of advance admission tickets will be $7 for adults, $2 off the regular
price, and $3 for children, $1 off the regular price. For groups of 40 or more,
adult tickets are $5 and child tickets $2. Admission is free for children aged 5
and under and adults aged 65 and over.

Members of the military and family members with proper ID will be able to
purchase tickets at the gate for $5, but not in advance.

An 18-ticket ride sheet is $10 in advance, $8 off the regular price.

Ticket buyers can also earn up to three free adult admission tickets based on
the total purchase amount in a single order before convenience fees -- one free
ticket for a purchase of $50-$100; two for a purchase of $100-$200; and three
for purchases of more than $200.

- Catherine Pritchard

___ (c)2014 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140721-FY-Discount-tickets-for-the-N-C-State-Fair-to-go-on-sale-Aug-1-0721-201
40721

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2014 The Fayetteville Observer


                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                             March 15, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

HINTS FROM HELOISE

SECTION: C; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 238 words


Dear Heloise: How do you tip during happy hour? The food and drinks are at a
discounted price, but my server did the same job. Do I tip at the discounted
price or regular price? - Tom in Des Moines, Iowa

Tom, this is a very good question. Tip at the regular price. The server is doing
the same job of bringing you food and drinks. If you think he or she did a good
job, tipping is how to show appreciation. Trust me, servers do not get paid much
per hour!

Another important tip about tipping: I always tip more for breakfast. It's
usually the cheapest meal of the day, but the server is still doing the same
amount of work, if not more. How many times do servers come back to refill
coffee, and bring more butter or jam? The wear and tear on their feet probably
is double or triple other meal times. Tip BIG for breakfast. - Heloise

Dear Heloise: For my son's birthday party, I had invitations made with his
picture on them, with him dressed in an outfit that matched the party theme. I
also took photos of him holding a thank-you sign. When I ordered the
invitations, I ordered thank-you notes with that picture of him.

After the party, I didn't have to stress about writing a million thank-you
notes. I simply sent out the cards. I don't know if it is proper etiquette, but
it saved me a ton of time while still telling my guests "thank you." - Alicia in
San Diego

As busy as any mom is, you get an "OK" from me! - Heloise

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Send a great hint to Heloise, P.O. Box 795000, San Antonio, TX
78279-5000; email: Heloise@Heloise.com

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                  The State Journal-Register (Springfield, IL)

                             April 5, 2003 Saturday

Discounted prescriptions bill OK'd by House

BYLINE: MARY MASSINGALE STATE CAPITOL BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 604 words


Discounted prescription drugs apparently will become a reality for all Illinois
senior citizens and disabled residents by next year, but drug manufacturers will
decide which medications will be discounted and to what price.

The Illinois House on Friday unanimously passed legislation giving disabled
residents and those 65 and older the option to buy a $25 annual discount card
providing access to lower-priced prescription drugs that are negotiated and
purchased by the state. The proposal has no income-eligibility requirements and
requires no state funding. The Senate is expected to pass a similar version of
the bill next week, according to a spokeswoman for Senate President Emil Jones,
D-Chicago.

Gov. Rod Blagojevich "will sign a version of this bill," said spokesman Tom
Schafer. He said the governor wants to add catastrophic coverage for residents
who spend more than 10 percent of their income on out-of-pocket prescription
drug costs.

The House previously has passed similar proposals to House Bill 209, only to see
them stall in the Republican-controlled Senate. Democrats now control both
chambers.

Rep. Jack Franks, D-Woodstock, the sponsor of the proposal, said Friday's vote
was an indication of the change in political scenery.

"Today with 118 co-sponsors, I think everyone has seen the light," Franks said.

However, the proposal does not require participation by drug manufacturers or
set any discount rates - two key elements that calmed the usually strong
lobbying efforts of the pharmaceutical industry.

"We don't oppose voluntary discount programs, and it's up to each individual
company to make a decision (about participation)," said Jeff Trewhitt of the
Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America.

Trewhitt said many of the association's companies had participated in similar
programs in the past, but he could not comment on their individual negotiations.

But getting the drug manufacturers to the bargaining table will determine the
savings of each participant, according to a health policy analyst with the
National Conference of State Legislatures.

"The manufacturers are the biggest question," said Richard Cauchi. "The results
that these discount drug cards get vary widely."

Cauchi said six states operate discount-card programs, with nine others waiting
to implement such plans. California claims an average discount of 20 percent to
24 percent, he said, while West Virginia offers average price cuts from 10
percent to 14 percent.

Donna Ginther of the senior advocacy group AARP said the program will take the
state one step closer to providing comprehensive drug coverage for all seniors.

"A very good base has been established," Ginther said.

About 500,000 of Illinois' 1.5 million seniors are estimated to have no
prescription drug insurance.

Illinois currently has two prescription programs for seniors. Both require lower
income levels for participation. The Circuit Breaker program uses state money to
cover selected prescriptions for about 53,000 participants. The new SeniorCare
plan uses federal and state money to cover most prescriptions for about 152,000
enrollees.

An earlier version of the legislation called for $27 million in start-up
funding, as well as variable reimbursement schedules to pharmacists - a point of
contention with independent pharmacists as they already struggle with late
Medicaid payments.

Franks said the retooled bill sets a reimbursement rate for pharmacists and
implements the program after negotiated discounts have been received from the
manufacturers, thereby eliminating the need for start-up money.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ON WEB SITE

TYPE: LOCAL

                   Copyright 2003 The State Journal-Register


                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             June 9, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Cheap W. Slope gasoline fuels ire Two Montrose station operators plan to fight
below-cost sale practices The state Unfair Practices Act may protect pump
operators from the selling habits of discounters and grocery chains.

BYLINE: Steve McMillan Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C-01

LENGTH: 515 words


Two gas-station operators on the Western Slope are fuming about grocery stores
they claim are selling gasoline below cost.

At a time when gasoline prices are at or above $2 a gallon, consumers may
welcome deeply discounted prices.

But it turns out there's a section of a 68-year-old Colorado law that prohibits
retailers from selling gas below their wholesale costs. The law was intended to
protect small businesses from unscrupulous practices of larger rivals.
Twenty-three other states have laws similar to Colorado's Unfair Practices Act.

The fight in Colorado is centered on the Western Slope town of Montrose and
could affect gas- pricing practices elsewhere in the state.

"Everyone is watching that to see how the court will rule," said Roy Turner,
executive vice president of the Colorado Wyoming Petroleum Marketers
Association.

A court case in Oklahoma ended with a ruling against a Sam's Club for selling
gas discounted below its cost.

The case in Montrose involves Parish Oil and Ray Moore Tire & Petroleum. They
claim in a lawsuit filed in U.S. District Court in Denver that the two City
Market grocery stores have consistently sold gas below their costs.

"They are selling below cost to entice people to do their one-stop shopping,"
Turner said. "A number of our members are not able to compete when they are
selling below buying prices. Some of them have gone out of business."

The lawsuit, filed in January, states: "By way of example, on December 7, 2003,
the South Store posted a price of $1.269 per gallon for regular unleaded
gasoline. On that same day, the lowest price at which a wholesale distributor
could purchase the same product (and transport the product to a Montrose service
station) was $1.357."

On Monday, the case went before Judge Robert Blackburn, who told both sides to
submit more information before he rules on whether City Market must stop its
discounted sales.

Trail Daugherty, a spokesman for City Market, said the company does not comment
on cases in litigation.

Bob Bassman, an attorney representing Parish Oil and Ray Moore, said City Market
argued in court that its gasoline discounts were part of an incentive program
designed to bring in grocery shoppers. In recent years, traditional grocers have
had to compete with discount stores such as Costco that sell groceries and gas.

Both the grocery chains and discounters are undercutting most traditional
gasoline stations on price. A survey of AAA data by The Denver Post found they
can offer prices as much as 4 cents per gallon below other retailers.

Bassman said Ray Moore's gas station went out of business in March. Parish
operates two gasoline stations in Montrose, as well as a wholesale operation.

Turner said the marketers association, which represents 180 gasoline
wholesalers, retailers and dealers in Colorado and Wyoming, is helping to fund
the suit. It wants clarification on the section of the Unfair Practices Act
dealing with gasoline sales.

Denver Post staff writer Kristi Arellano contributed to this report.

Staff writer Steve McMillan can be reached at 303-820-1695 or
smcmillan@denverpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           January 20, 2011 Thursday

Sunnyvale shorts: Fremont High graduate Troy Tulowitzki to host baseball camp at
school Jan. 23

BYLINE: Sunnyvale Sun

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; News

LENGTH: 261 words


Troy Tulowitzki to help lead baseball camp

Colorado Rockies star shortstop Troy Tulowitzki and an all-star coaching staff
will present the second annual Troy Tulowitzki Camp for up-and-coming baseball
players in the Bay Area. Not only will players receive advanced training in
order to prepare for the upcoming high school season, they'll also get to talk
baseball with one of the game's biggest stars, a 2010 Gold Glove and Silver
Slugger Award winner.

The camp takes place at Tulowitzki's alma mater, Fremont High School, 589 W.
Fremont Ave., on Jan. 23. Camp kicks off at 9:30 a.m. It is open to all high
school-age players, with a large portion of the proceeds going to Tulowitzki's
charity, the Children's Miracle Network in Denver, Colo. Enrollment is limited.
Tulowitzki will be answering questions and signing autographs from players and
parents, 2:30-3:30 p.m.

For more information, call 650.961.2255.

Humane Society offers discounted pet microchips

Humane Society Silicon Valley is offering discounted microchip implant services
at $30 per microchip, regularly $45, this month. Combined with a spay/neuter
surgery, microchip implants are just $25 all year long.

Walk-in service is welcome at the medical center, 901 Ames Ave., in Milpitas.
Hours of operation are from 9 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday through Friday and from 9
a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturday. The center is closed on Sundays.

No appointment is necessary. Microchips are provided by HomeAgain Microchip, the
nation's largest microchip database.

For more information, visit www.hssv.org or call 408.262.2133, ext. 108.

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                           December 1, 2010 Wednesday

USA: Demeure Announces Completion of Transaction to Acquire Ultimate Escapes'
Assets

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Dec. 01 -- Demeure, a next generation travel community through which
members access the world's finest vacation homes at discounted rates and without
costly membership capital contributions or deposits, today announced that it has
completed the transaction to acquire certain assets from the estate of Ultimate
Escapes. This includes operational assets and staff, which will ensure a smooth
return to travel for all former Ultimate Escapes members who join the Demeure
community, in addition to properties in New York City, Chicago, Miami, and
California.

"We have completed a turnaround for former Ultimate Escapes members: we have
resumed travel in time for the holiday season, and have gone beyond that and
provided an opportunity for members to purchase homes in their portfolio," said
Peter Schwartz, Chairman and CEO of Demeure. "The entire team here at Demeure
looks forward to putting members' losses behind them, resuming regular club
operations, and providing incredible travel experiences within the Demeure
community."

Demeure, which provides individual attention to all members through its travel
planning services, offers access to a suite of unique travel benefits and
premium customer service at discounted rates to incredible properties throughout
the world.

Transition Benefits: Demeure is extending an exclusive invitation to
transitioning Ultimate Escapes members which includes the waiving of initiation
fees, the provision of goodwill travel credits to help offset dues recently lost
in the UE bankruptcy, and waiver of additional corporate and family account
fees. Demeure has extended this invitation to former UE members through December
3, 2010 in preparation for the resumption of regular travel services December 4,
2010.

Property Purchase Lottery: Former UE members will be participating in Demeure's
property purchase lottery on November 29, 2010, which will offer them an
opportunity to purchase properties in the former UE portfolio. As part of the
agreement with a successful purchase, members then make the homes available to
other Demeure Club members, which ultimately provides the member with fair
exchange credit, which can be used throughout the entire Demeure property
portfolio.

Demeure management and staff across North America are currently working with
hundreds of members through the transition process in preparation for the
resumption of travel and regular operations effective December 4, 2010 Published
by HT Syndication with permission from Right Vision News. For any query with
respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact Editor
at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 5, 2016 Tuesday

17th Annual LATIN ALTERNATIVE MUSIC CONFERENCE is JULY 6-9!

LENGTH: 215  words

DATELINE: New York



 (http://bankingjournal.aba.com ) Washington, D.C: American Bankers Association
has issued the following news release:




 Join thousands of entrepreneurs, musicians, DJs, journalists, marketers,
managers, programmers and all kinds of music lovers in New York City to
celebrate LAMC's 17th year! We are returning to the Affinia Manhattan Hotel at
7th Avenue and 31st Street in Midtown Manhattan.





 Registration is now open; discounted yet once again for A2IM members.
www.LatinAlternative.com



 Check out this LAMC recap video.



 Discounted Hotel Rates now available for those coming in from out of town.



 Among the events planned for LAMC 2016 are free concerts across New York as
well industry panels, Q&A with special guests, great stands and much more.



 Panels and concert information will be announced in the next few weeks. The
LAMC does sell out (and it's amazing to say that) so please register early.



 Support change, support music, art and culture. Support the LAMC.



 Listen to the "LAMC Mixtape" every Sunday and Tuesday on En Vivo / SiriusXM Ch.
152.



 For more information on the Latin Alternative Music Conference, please





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 30, 2016 Thursday

Maryland: Rosedale Vol Fire Co. / St. Clements School Carnival

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The State of Maryland  has issued the following news release:



   Rosedale Vol Fire Co. / St. Clements School Carnival

 Start Date:     6/30/2016

 End Date:     7/1/2016    End Time:     Midnight

 Event Description:



 Family Friendly Carnival with Rides, Games and Food. Parade on Wednesday June
29th. For more information and to buy discounted ride tickets call 410-866-2598.
Discounted ride tickets on sale til 6/26/2016

 Event Time:5:30-10:30pm

 Category: Office Of Tourism

 Fairs & Festivals

 Food & Drink



 Phone:410-866-2598

 WebSite:www.rosedatevfd.com

 Location Information:

 St. Clements Church Parking Lot  (View Map)

 Baltimore County

 Central Maryland

 Rosedale 21237

 Contact Information:

 Phone: 410-866-2598



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 28, 2016 Tuesday

Maryland: Rosedale Vol Fire Co. / St. Clements School Carnival

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The State of Maryland  has issued the following news release:



  Rosedale Vol Fire Co. / St. Clements School Carnival

 Start Date:     6/28/2016

 End Date:     7/1/2016    End Time:     Midnight

 Event Description:



 Family Friendly Carnival with Rides, Games and Food. Parade on Wednesday June
29th. For more information and to buy discounted ride tickets call 410-866-2598.
Discounted ride tickets on sale til 6/26/2016

 Event Time:5:30-10:30pm

 Category: Office Of Tourism

 Fairs & Festivals

 Food & Drink



 Phone:410-866-2598

 WebSite:www.rosedatevfd.com

 Location Information:

 St. Clements Church Parking Lot  (View Map)

 Baltimore County

 Central Maryland

 Rosedale 21237

 Contact Information:

 Phone: 410-866-2598



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              June 27, 2016 Monday

Maryland: Rosedale Vol Fire Co. / St. Clements School Carnival

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: New York



 Annapolis: The State of Maryland  has issued the following news release:



   Rosedale Vol Fire Co. / St. Clements School Carnival

 Start Date:     6/27/2016

 End Date:     7/1/2016    End Time:     Midnight

 Event Description:



 Family Friendly Carnival with Rides, Games and Food. Parade on Wednesday June
29th. For more information and to buy discounted ride tickets call 410-866-2598.
Discounted ride tickets on sale til 6/26/2016

 Event Time:5:30-10:30pm

 Category: Office Of Tourism

 Fairs & Festivals

 Food & Drink



 Phone:410-866-2598

 WebSite:www.rosedatevfd.com

 Location Information:

 St. Clements Church Parking Lot  (View Map)

 Baltimore County

 Central Maryland

 Rosedale 21237

 Contact Information:

 Phone: 410-866-2598



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 May 16, 1997, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Why all meals are created equal

BYLINE: NANCY PARADIS

SECTION: FLORIDIAN; ACTION; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 538 words



I've noticed that, when restaurants issue coupons for discounted meals, the
coupon has words to the effect that the coupon must be presented before
ordering the discounted meal. This leads me to believe that the meal might be
of less value than the same meal without the coupon. Jane Crowl Yeaman

Response: Stuart Reese, director of communications and public relations of  the
Tallahassee-based Florida Restaurant Association and a former restaurant  owner,
said the reasons for requesting coupons up-front are practical. In his  case, it
was done for the benefit of his servers, who were thus relieved of  the need to
rewrite incorrectly written-up checks.

George Lewis, president of Leverock's Restaurant Corp., echoes Reese's
statement.

The reason customers are asked if they have coupons when they place their
orders is that there is generally a regular price for the item on special as
well. Armed with the coupon, the server can punch a special key on the  computer
and the discounted price is printed on the bill. This speeds up  paying the bill
at the end of the meal. Lewis said that, when people are ready  to pay and
leave, they do not want to wait several minutes while the server  rings up a
corrected bill.

Portions are not changed because a coupon is presented. That wouldn't be  good
business, he said. Coupons are a way restaurants can promote good will  among
existing customers and gain new ones. Coupons also give them an  opportunity to
fill empty seats on slow days, much like an airline will offer  discounted
tickets in the off-season.

Incidentally, he said the cooks don't know whether they are preparing a meal
that is being purchased with a coupon or not.

Times restaurant critic Chris Sherman adds another good reason, from the
customer's point of view, for clearing up the coupon issue before you order.
That way, he said, you make sure that you and the restaurant agree on the  terms
up front. Far better to have any "arguments" beforehand, when you  still have
the option to go somewhere else.

The same holds true for restaurants that offer free meals for birthdays. To
avoid a hassle on your special day, it's best to make sure that this is the
case before you order.

Book has arrived

   I ordered a copy of a book I saw in the Times' Reader Exchange column last
October to give to my sister for Christmas. When I didn't receive a thank you
or mention of the gift, I finally asked in January if it had been received. It
had not.

I have written to them twice but have not heard anything back. The check I  sent
them was cashed on Nov. 14. Faye Stewart

Response: We were glad to learn that your sister finally received a copy of  Dr.
Tony Hyman's book Trash or Treasure, How to Find the Best Buyers of  Antiques,
Collectibles and other Undiscovered Treasures.

If you have a question for Action, or your attempts to resolve a consumer
complaint have failed, write: Times Action, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg, FL
33731, or call 893-8171, or, outside Pinellas, (800) 333-7505, ext. 8171, to
leave a recorded request. Names will not be omitted except in unusual
circumstances. Letters may be edited.

LOAD-DATE: May 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1997 Times Publishing Company


                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           September 2, 2004 Thursday
                                  City Edition

Granite, Qwest connect on telephone line rates;
Quincy telecom will resell local service

BYLINE: Jon Chesto

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 19

LENGTH: 451 words


The Patriot Ledger Two down, two to go. That's the latest score in Granite
Telecommunications' race for contracts to resell service over the four Baby
Bells' phone lines.

Quincy-based Granite unveiled its deal with Denver-based Qwest Communications
yesterday for new wholesale rates to resell service on lines in 14 Midwest and
Western states.

Earlier this summer, Granite wrapped up negotiations with New York-based Verizon
Communications to resell local phone service along most of the East Coast.

Granite is still trying to strike deals with SBC and BellSouth. Rand Currier,
Granite's chief operating officer, declined to comment about the progress of
those talks.

Granite, which resells local service at discounted rates to companies with
multiple locations, expanded to 49 states in June. Like other local rivals to
the Baby Bells, Granite has been reselling phone service at discounted rates
that had been mandated by the federal government to spur competition. But those
rules will likely change soon, following an onslaught of litigation that
eventually led to a federal court's rejection of the current system.

In the face of such uncertainty, Granite executives want long-term contracts in
place, even if they agree to terms that could be less favorable than any that
may be established by future rules.

The Qwest deal means that Qwest will start charging Granite more for access to
lines in January, but Granite has no plans to pass those extra costs to its
customers, Currier said.

"It erodes our (profit) margins ... but still gives us enough room to operate
our business," he said.

The Qwest deal lasts for four years, but it will automatically renew unless it's
renegotiated, Currier said.

Now, Granite can offer customers, which include many retail chains, deals on
Qwest and Verizon lines and assure customers' rates stay the same for several
years. Granite already resells service for about 20,000 Qwest lines.

So far, only four of dozens of possible rivals for local service have reached
deals to use Qwest lines, said Qwest spokesman Bill Myers.

"We have some companies that are more willing to negotiate and reach an
agreement like Granite, and others that seem less energized," said Myers, who
noted that MCI was the first to strike a deal with Qwest. "(Granite executives)
understand ... that the longer you wait to secure these deals, the less
certainty you're going to have."

Hingham entrepreneur Rob Hale launched Granite Telecommunications with his
father and others in 2002 from the ashes of a previous telecom, Network Plus.
Granite, which employs nearly 200 people, reported $7.1 million in sales in
July, up from $2.1 million in July 2003. Jon Chesto may be reached at
jchesto@ledger.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Patriot Ledger


                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                           October 14, 2015 Wednesday

United States Settles with Pitney Bowes Presort Services for Underpaying Postage
Owed to U.S. Postal Service

LENGTH: 335  words


The Department of Justice announced today that Pitney Bowes Presort Services
Inc. (Pitney Bowes) has agreed to pay the United States $9.4 million to resolve
allegations that it underpaid postage for mail processed at its Reading,
Pennsylvania, facility by claiming discounts to which it was not entitled.
Pitney Bowes, which is based in Omaha, Nebraska, helps prepare mailings for
large mailers by, among other things, gathering, sorting and presenting the mail
to the U.S. Postal Service.


"Those who obtain government benefits are expected to comply with the terms of
those benefits," said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General Benjamin C.
Mizer, head of the Justice Department's Civil Division.  "This settlement
demonstrates that there will be consequences for those who do not live up to
their obligations."
The settlement announced today resolves allegations that Pitney Bowes claimed
discounted postage rates for mail that failed to comply with the Move Update
standard, which requires that mail be updated with change-of-address information
provided by the Postal Service.  Pitney Bowes was obligated to ensure that mail
it submitted on behalf of its customers at discounted postage rates complied
with Move Update, by either updating addresses on the mail directly or having
its customers perform the updates.  The Postal Service offered lower postage
rates to Pitney Bowes for complying with Move Update and other requirements.
"When mailers don't adhere to Move Update standards it negatively affects the
entire mailing community," said Inspector in Charge David W. Bosch of the U.S.
Postal Inspection Service's (USPIS) Philadelphia Division.  "The U.S. Postal
Inspection Service will continue to investigate mailers who fail to comply with
postal regulations."
This matter was jointly investigated by USPIS and the Civil Division's
Commercial Litigation Branch.  The claims settled in this case are allegations
only, and there has been no determination of liability. 2015 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2015 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday

Gas prices force Costco to cut back its outlook;
MARKETPLACE by Bloomberg

BYLINE: Thomas Mulier

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 395 words

DATELINE: MADRID


Costco Wholesale, which sells discounted goods to 47 million members, lowered
its profit forecast Wednesday as it paid more for the gasoline it sells, and the
shares slumped 4.2 percent.

Earnings will be $2.23 to $2.26 a share in the year ending Sept. 3, said the
company, which is based in Issaquah, Washington. Costco said in May that profit
would be toward the high end of a range of $2.30 to $2.33.

Costco said that it had reduced its forecast because gross margins had been
''lower than planned.'' The company can get squeezed because it sells discounted
gasoline so quickly that the wholesale cost rises faster than the retail price.

''When gasoline prices are highly volatile, it's a sword that can cut both
ways,'' said Rich Heidemann, who manages investments that include Costco shares
at National City Bank in Cleveland.

Costco aims to make 8 cents to 10 cents a gallon in profit on gasoline,
Heidemann said. The company has recently earned profit as low as 2 cents to 3
cents a gallon, he said.

The company reduced its fourth-quarter earnings forecast to 68 cents to 71 cents
a share from a previous projection of 77 cents. Costco earned 73 cents in the
same period a year earlier and is estimated to make 77 cents on average by
analysts surveyed by Thomson.

Shares of Costco fell $2.07 to close at $47.18 in New York. Before Wednesday,
the stock had gained 14 percent in the past year, while Wal-Mart, the world's
largest retailer, had dropped 1.5 percent.

Costco said that it remained ''positive'' on its outlook for 2007 and beyond.

The company's chief financial officer, Richard Galanti, said in a statement that
about 3 cents a share of the reduction was the result of a fourth-quarter
income-tax charge of as much as $14.8 million relating to a foreign tax
assessment.

''The tide is going out for all retailers at the moment,'' said Christian
Holland, a fund manager at Cavendish Asset Management in London. ''Still, Costco
is managing it better than others in a difficult market.'' He does not own the
stock.

Consumer spending, which accounts for more than two-thirds of the U.S. economy,
is weakening.

U.S. retailers' sales growth probably slowed to about 3 percent in August,
according to the International Council of Shopping Centers. A weakening housing
market and higher energy prices took their toll on consumers, said Bill Dreher,
an analyst with Deutsche Bank.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Tire Dawgs

                               3404 E Washington
                               Phoenix,  AZ 85034
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (602) 225-9992
URL: www.tiredawgs.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are a wholesale tire company based out of North Georgia that distributes
tires nationwide online to the public. We search out and find the deals that our
customers require and need. We are different from other online tires stores
because we have partnered with a local retail store in Gainesville, Georgia
which will install your tires at a discounted rate. This partnership allows us
to save our north Georgia customers shipping cost plus discounted installation.
We offer inexpensive deals along with quality tires at unseen discounted prices.
We can be the cheapest tire store by allowing ourself a low overhead business.
Our committment is to take care of you and your needs. So for any of your,
cheap,inexpensive,quality,blowout deals feel free check us out on our site or
contact us. Thank you for letting us serve you.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 14, 2002 Sunday Five Star Lift Edition

NATION BRIEFS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS ; Nation Briefs Column; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 641 words


LOMIRA, Wis.

Deadly fire is contained at 10-story printing plant

A deadly blaze that broke out when part of a 10-story printing plant collapsed
was contained Saturday, officials said.

Keith Freiberg, 22, an employee of Aero Building Maintenance, was trapped in a
vehicle next to the plant and died in the fire Friday night, said Brownsville
Fire Company spokesman Bill Carter.

Quad/Graphics said only two forklift operators were in the newly completed
addition to the plant, although some 330 people were working in other areas when
the building burned. No Quad/Graphics employees were injured in the blaze,
Carter said.

Some of the plant's 1,800 workers were back to work Saturday, he said. The giant
plant prints Newsweek, Playboy and U.S. News & World Report. It was starting
work on holiday catalogs.

FORT WORTH, Texas

4 airlines drop discounts of 10 pct. for elderly

Four major airlines have dropped their 10 percent ticket discounts for senior
citizens.

American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines all dropped the senior
discounts on Friday, following a similar move by US Airways two weeks ago.

Northwest also halted the sale of discounted flight coupon books for seniors,
saying it no longer wanted to allow the discounts on top of already heavily
discounted fares.

The coupon books were no longer a value compared with discounted tickets, and
the paperwork involved was too costly, said spokesman Kurt Ebenhoch.

Northwest will offer a new special fare for people 65 and older, but it might
not always be the lowest fare available, Ebenhoch said.

Delta also introduced a new senior fare, requiring a two-week advance purchase
and a Saturday night stay, spokeswoman Wanda Rodwell said Saturday.

US Airways still offers a discount to seniors if they buy multiple tickets in a
booklet, spokesman David Castelveter said Saturday.

American became the fourth major airline to drop the discount late Friday.
Spokesman Dale Morris said American was matching the other airlines.

BEND, Ore.

Wildfire spreads, forcing evacuation of 280 homes

Residents of 280 homes were forced to evacuate Saturday as a wildfire burned
about 3 1/2 miles away, fire officials said.

The fire grew to 15 square miles from 10 in just hours, fire officials said.

About 960 firefighters were battling the fire, started by lightning earlier this
week.

In Wyoming, a blaze on the east side of the Grand Canyon in Yellowstone National
Park grew to more than 11 square miles Saturday. But all roads and major tourist
attractions in Yellowstone remained open.

HURON, Ohio

Bodies of 3 who tried rescue are recovered

The bodies of three of four swimmers who disappeared in Lake Erie while trying
to rescue a woman were recovered Saturday.

The bodies had not been identified, officials said. Firefighters continued
searching for the last missing man, Fire Chief John Zimmerman said.

The four disappeared amid 5-foot waves Wednesday while trying to reach a friend
who had been swept out by a current near Huron, 50 miles west of Cleveland.

Firefighters eventually rescued the woman, Amy Renee Anderson, 22, but her
fiance, Steve Cupec, 27, and friends Jehrod Smith, 19, Kyle Kroetz, 29, and
Matthew Smith, 21, couldn't be found.

LAS VEGAS

Trauma center reopens after malpractice dispute

The trauma center at the University Medical Center in Las Vegas reopened
Saturday morning, 10 days after it shut down because of soaring malpractice
insurance rates.

The county-run trauma center closed July 3 after all but one of the medical
center's 58 orthopedic doctors resigned because they said they couldn't afford
rising malpractice insurance premiums.

Private doctors will work at the hospital for 45 days, while Gov. Kenny Guinn
calls a special legislative session to consider a law to limit jury awards in
malpractice suits.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Special Holiday Event: Bring Home a New Pet and Enjoy Discounted Adoption Fees
at the ASPCA!

LENGTH: 306  words

DATELINE: New York


The ASPCA has issued the following press release:

If you're considering adding a furry addition to your family, the holiday season
is the perfect time to provide a shelter dog or cat with a loving home. To
encourage pet adoption and bring even more joy to New Yorkers' homes this
season, the ASPCA Adoption Center is hosting a festive adoption event! From
Saturday, December 20 through Wednesday, December 24, enjoy discounted fees on
all animals and free gifts for adopters.

During the event, adopters can take advantage of the following promotions:

Kittens between the ages of four months and one year have an adoption fee of $50
(normally $125).
    If you choose to adopt two kittens, there is no adoption fee for the second
one.
    All cats older than one year have no adoption fee.
    Dog adoption fees will be discounted by 50 percent.
    Every adopter will have the opportunity to select an envelope from the ASPCA
Giving Tree with the chance to win free toys, coupons or supplies for their new
pet!
    Gift-a-Pet Certificates can also be purchased, which cover the cost of the
adoption fee for a new cat or kitten, allowing the recipient to return and adopt
a pet of their own.

Every animal adopted from the ASPCA Adoption Center is spayed/neutered,
microchipped and fully vaccinated. Each animal will go home with a free collar
and ID tag, cardboard carrier for cats and leash for dogs, and a voucher for a
free visit to the ASPCA Animal Hospital.

There's no greater gift a shelter animal can receive this holiday season than a
loving family. If you're in the New York City area, browse dogs and cats at the
ASPCA Adoption Center, or find adoptable dogs and cats in your area with our
national shelter search tool.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 16, 1999, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Workers bag new perk with shopping on the job Tight labor market means creative
benefits

BYLINE: Stephanie Armour

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 435 words


Some employers have a new message for today's time-strapped worker:
Shop at work.

Microsoft, Nordstrom, 3M, Northwest Airlines and others have rolled
out programs that let workers buy discounted products and services
at their desktop computers. Workers can get groceries, movie tickets,
home loans and other products -- specially priced for company
employees -- without ever leaving the office.


Delivering perks directly to employees' computers is the latest
tactic being used to retain workers in a competitive job market.

"When you're talking about saving employees hundreds of dollars,
that's significant," says Darrell Dryer at Kansas City, Mo.-based
Hallmark Cards, which is offering online shopping to its workers.
"The job market is very tight, and any benefit is a tool."

Here's how it often works:

* By entering a code, employees can use their home or work
computers to enter an online mall.

* From there, they browse selections from stores' Web sites
typically offering discounts from 5% to 50%.

* The online shopping sites are customized for each employer.
There is no fee for employers or employees to use the service,
but third-party providers of the software make money by charging
retailers who want to join the shopping list.

"It helps companies leverage the power of the Internet," says
CEO Norman Behar at Bellevue, Wash.-based employeesavings.com,
which provides a discounted shopping program to employers. "It's
changing the way benefits are delivered."

Some worry that employer-provided shopping may erode productivity
by encouraging workers to do personal business on company time.
But supporters say the benefit is actually a time saver.

"It creates a convenience for the employee," says Andrew Gray
of perksatwork.com, a San Francisco-based provider of online employee-discount
shopping and other services. "You can refinance your home without
leaving your desk. It's driving productivity rather than taking
it away."

Cara Rizzo, 33, an account manager at Mastech, used her company
computer to buy discounted flowers for her mother.

"You can do personal things on down time, like lunch," says
Rizzo, at the information-technology services provider in Pittsburgh.
"It's an awesome benefit, really. It helps balance work and life."

And it's not just shopping. Firms also are letting workers use
their desktop or home computers to sign up for discounted, non-traditional
benefits. Workers can log on and sign up for group rates on pet
insurance, roadside assistance plans, legal help and home-equity
loans.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1999 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday
                               SUN SCENE Edition

Deals

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 12E

LENGTH: 305 words


Peyton Manning inspires "sneak" Denver's Curtis -- a Doubletree by Hilton Hotel
is offering a "Quarterback Sneak" package that allows guests to stay for $18
during select home Broncos games. Here's the deal: First you stay on one of
three Sunday home games (Sept. 23, Sept. 30 or Oct. 28) at rates starting at
$160 per night. Then you can come back for $18 per person for one of the
following: Nov. 18, Dec. 2, Dec. 23 or Dec. 30. (rates are based on double
occupancy). 720-889-4747, thecurtis.com

Cruise the East Coast Princess has discounted a 12-night Canada & Colonial
America cruise aboard the Emerald Princess departing Quebec City on Oct. 26. The
cruise, which ends in Fort Lauderdale, Fla., now starts at $899 per person
double (plus $196 port charges), a savings of $800. No booking deadline, but
price is based on availability. 866-335-6379, princess.com.

Bahamas on the cheap Old Bahama Bay Resort & Yacht Harbour on Grand Bahama
Island's West End is offering a discounted rate of $150 a night, plus a third
night free, on all junior suites. The three-night rate now starts at $372 per
couple, including $72 taxes and resort fee. Package typically ranges from $725
for a pool-view suite to $1,004 for an oceanfront suite. Book by Oct. 28 and
stay through Oct. 31. 888-800-8959, oldbahamabay.com.

Ski the East Coast (go ahead, try it) The Topnotch Resort and Spa in Stowe, Vt.,
is offering a preseason sale with 40 percent off winter rates. Book by Monday
and pay from $139 for midweek stays (down from $239) and from $209 on weekends
(normally $325). Add about 10 percent tax and $14 resort fee. Valid Dec. 1
through April 7. The resort near Stowe Mountain offers a slew of activities,
including tennis, horseback riding, hiking and spa treatments. 800-451-8686,
topnotchresort.com

Compiled by Denver Post staff, wire services

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                January 21, 1990, SUNDAY, LATE FIVE STAR Edition

BRUTON OFFERING TWO DISPLAYS SAYBROOK'S MODELS ARE FOR SALE IN WEST COUNTY

SECTION: FOLIO; Pg. 17H

LENGTH: 614 words


Two former Bruton Builder display houses remain for sale at Saybrook, a
development of single-family houses off New Ballwin Road in west St. Louis
County. According to Bruton officials, both models have been discounted, and are
available for immediate sale and occupancy.  ''Being originally built for
display purposes, these homes have been loaded with the most desirable
features,'' said Bob Bruner Sr., vice president of Bruton Builders. ''Prices
have been discounted up to $10,000, and they're located in a high quality
development - making them bargain opportunities with good resale potential.''
Available for immediate sale on lot 12 is the Arlington, a four-bedroom, 2
1/2-bath traditional two-story plan with side-entry garage. The design of this
multi-level house includes 9-foot ceilings, bays and six-panel wood doors and
trim.  A wet bar in the great room, and a 330-square-foot cedar deck with bench
seats make the house stand out. Other features include a second-floor master
bedroom with vaulted ceiling, bay window, walk-in closet and master bath with
whirpool tub and separate glass-enclosed shower.  The Arlington model, which
includes more than $22,000 in options (including vinyl siding) has been
discounted $10,000 to a price of $169,900.  On lot 13 is the Rosemont, a
four-bedroom, two-bath ranch with spindled railing overlooking a sunken great
room area. Features include a fireplace, custom bookshelves, skylight, wet bar,
first-floor laundry and master bath with whirlpool tub. Bay windows and vaulted
ceilings are also added in some rooms. The Rosemont inventory model, with almost
$20,000 in options, has been discounted to a special price of $153,900. Prices
on inventory models include fully sodded and landscaped yards; intercoms;
security systems; central vacuum systems; electric ranges and microwaves;
whirlpool tubs in master baths; wood-burning fireplaces; ceiling fans;
telephone, television and attic antenna wiring; upgraded light fixtures; and the
Home Owners Warranty buyer protection program.  Saybrook is located on New
Ballwin Road, 1 mile south of Manchester Road, adjacent to the Deer Creek sales
facility. The inventory models are shown by appointment through Bruton Builders,
or any real estate agency.  For further information, contact the sales office at
Shadowridge (Manchester to Ries, south 1 mile; or Big Bend/Oak to Ries).

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1990 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

Disney again offers discounted tickets for area residents

BYLINE: JOSEPH PIMENTEL STAFF writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 196 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM


Disney deals for Southern California residents are back.

The company has announced discounted ticket rates of up to 25 percent for
Disneyland and Disney California Adventure.

For $139, a customer gets two visits by May 21 - going to Disneyland twice,
Disney California Adventure twice or each park once.

A typical ticket is $96, or $178 for two days at the same park.

There are other breaks for residents with a ZIP code of 90000 to 93599, covering
the stretch from the Mexican border to Palmdale. Residents in Northern Baja
California in Mexico are eligible as well.

This year's discounted tickets are up to 8.5 percent higher than last year.

Discounted rates for Southern California residents began in 2003 as a way to
boost attendance during the so-called offseason, from January to May.

The only time Disney skipped the discounts was in 2013, after opening the
immediately popular Cars Land in Disney California Adventure.

The tickets can be purchased online or at Disney stores, Vons and the parks'
ticket booths. There is a period when the tickets are not good: March 20 to
April 4, apparently when the two theme parks expect a crush of guests when
children are out of school.

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

Digest

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 490 words


COLUMN: DIGEST

East Brookfield eyes new highway garage

EAST BROOKFIELD - Town officials know it will be a tough sell, but the Board of
Selectmen is hoping to present residents with a proposal to develop a new
highway garage. There is no deadline to conclude those plans.

The existing highway facility on Stevens Road is more than 50 years old, and its
inadequacies have been cited for years.

"The building there is just horrible," Selectman Leo E. Fayard said at Monday's
board meeting.

The guesstimated cost to replace the current building is $1 million, and
selectmen are exploring ways for raising that revenue, including borrowing,
grant funds or federal stimulus funds.

Selectmen also are seeking volunteers for a committee to oversee use of the
bandstand located near the fire station on Route 9.

A series of four to six summer concerts has been set up beginning July 23, but
selectmen are eager to have a committee take care of future scheduling, plus the
need for police details or ambulance personnel at the events.

To serve on the committee, call the selectmen's office at (508) 867-6769, ext.
300.

Museum passes offered at library

NORTH BROOKFIELD - The Friends of the Haston Free Public Library Inc. has
purchased a variety of passes, annually, for residents of North Brookfield.
Passes vary from a discounted admission for one or more individuals to free
admission for up to six persons.

The passes include Higgins Armory (free admission for up to four), Museum of
Fine Arts (discounted admission), Worcester Art Museum (free admission), Holyoke
Children's Museum (free admission), Tower Hill Botanic Garden (free admission),
Mystic Aquarium (discounted admission) and Massachusetts State Parks free
parking passes.

Anyone wishing to use a pass must hold an active library card. Passes must be
returned within 24 hours, or the next day the library is open, to ensure all
residents have an opportunity to use them. Nonresidents may use available passes
by joining the Haston Friends for $10 annually, to be paid at the library. For
more information, call (508) 867-0208.

State Rep. Alicea to hold office hours

BOSTON - State Rep. Geraldo Alicea, D-Charlton, will hold office hours 6-7 p.m.
July 13 at the East Brookfield Library, 122 Connie Mack Drive, East Brookfield,
and 10-11 a.m. July 15 at Howe Village Community Center, Spencer.

Blood test program offered at hospital

WARE - When your physician orders a blood test, do you wonder where the blood
goes to be tested and what the laboratory does with it?

John Olinski, MT Laboratory supervisor at Baystate Mary Lane Hospital, and his
staff will explain what blood tests reveal, how technologists prepare specimens
and how results are sent to your physician in a program from 6 to 7:30 p.m. July
15 at Baystate Mary Lane Hospital, 85 South St.

The presentation will include a tour of the laboratory.

Registration is required by calling Baystate Health Link at (413) 967-2488 or
(800) 377-Health.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: East Brookfield eyes new highway garage EAST BROOKFIELD - Town
officials know it will be a tough sell, but the Board of Selectmen is hoping to
present residents with a proposal to develop a new highway garage. There is no
deadline to conclude those plans. The existing highway facility on Stevens Road
is more than 50 years old, and its inadequacies have been cited for years.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday
                     LEICESTER/SPENCER/BROOKFIELDS EDITION

Digest

SECTION: DIGEST; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 487 words


East Brookfield eyes new highway garage

EAST BROOKFIELD - Town officials know it will be a tough sell, but the Board of
Selectmen is hoping to present residents with a proposal to develop a new
highway garage. There is no deadline to conclude those plans.

The existing highway facility on Stevens Road is more than 50 years old, and its
inadequacies have been cited for years.

"The building there is just horrible," Selectman Leo E. Fayard said at Monday's
board meeting.

The guesstimated cost to replace the current building is $1 million, and
selectmen are exploring ways for raising that revenue, including borrowing,
grant funds or federal stimulus funds.

Selectmen also are seeking volunteers for a committee to oversee use of the
bandstand located near the fire station on Route 9.

A series of four to six summer concerts has been set up beginning July 23, but
selectmen are eager to have a committee take care of future scheduling, plus the
need for police details or ambulance personnel at the events.

To serve on the committee, call the selectmen's office at (508) 867-6769, ext.
300.

Museum passes offered at library

NORTH BROOKFIELD - The Friends of the Haston Free Public Library Inc. has
purchased a variety of passes, annually, for residents of North Brookfield.
Passes vary from a discounted admission for one or more individuals to free
admission for up to six persons.

The passes include Higgins Armory (free admission for up to four), Museum of
Fine Arts (discounted admission), Worcester Art Museum (free admission), Holyoke
Children's Museum (free admission), Tower Hill Botanic Garden (free admission),
Mystic Aquarium (discounted admission) and Massachusetts State Parks free
parking passes.

Anyone wishing to use a pass must hold an active library card. Passes must be
returned within 24 hours, or the next day the library is open, to ensure all
residents have an opportunity to use them. Nonresidents may use available passes
by joining the Haston Friends for $10 annually, to be paid at the library. For
more information, call (508) 867-0208.

State Rep. Alicea to hold office hours

BOSTON - State Rep. Geraldo Alicea, D-Charlton, will hold office hours 6-7 p.m.
July 13 at the East Brookfield Library, 122 Connie Mack Drive, East Brookfield,
and 10-11 a.m. July 15 at Howe Village Community Center, Spencer.

Blood test program offered at hospital

WARE - When your physician orders a blood test, do you wonder where the blood
goes to be tested and what the laboratory does with it?

John Olinski, MT Laboratory supervisor at Baystate Mary Lane Hospital, and his
staff will explain what blood tests reveal, how technologists prepare specimens
and how results are sent to your physician in a program from 6 to 7:30 p.m. July
15 at Baystate Mary Lane Hospital, 85 South St.

The presentation will include a tour of the laboratory.

Registration is required by calling Baystate Health Link at (413) 967-2488 or
(800) 377-Health.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          December 27, 2014, Saturday

STATE Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3A

LENGTH: 706 words


Dozens of W.Va. lawsuits filed against DuPont

Dozens of West Virginia residents have filed lawsuits against chemical company
DuPont for contaminating drinking water.

Filed in West Virginia federal court Friday, the lawsuits allege that the
company discharged the chemical C8 into waters surrounding its Washington Works
Plant near Parkersburg.

Kathy Brown, a Charleston lawyer representing the plaintiffs, says the lawsuits
stem from a 2005 class-action settlement. That settlement followed a lawsuit
claiming that six water systems in Ohio and West Virginia were contaminated by
C8. A science panel found links between C8 and six medical ailments including
testicular and kidney cancers.

Brown says residents of those water systems with any related medical ailments
have until the end of January to file suit under the 2005 settlement's terms.
Brown says "between 500 and 600 more lawsuits are expected.

Two found dead after Ohio mobile home fire

BEALLSVILLE, Ohio - Authorities say two people were found dead after a fire
destroyed a mobile home in rural eastern Ohio.

The fire broke out Wednesday evening at a residence near rural Beallsville, a
few miles west of the West Virginia state line. A statement from the Monroe
County sheriff's office says firefighters responding to a 911 call found the
home fully engulfed in flames.

The two bodies were found after the blaze was extinguished. The sheriff's office
didn't immediately release their identities, but WTRF-TV in Wheeling reported
that two men died and that they were brothers.

County coroner's investigator Randy Williams told the station that the deaths
are suspicious, but he didn't explain why.

The state fire marshal's office is expected to help with the investigation.

State park lodges offering discounted room rates

Some West Virginia state parks are encouraging friends, families and meeting
planners to use their facilities through a January promotion.

Officials say some of the state parks are offering discounted rates for lodging.
Room rates are $50 for standard forest and mountain view rooms, including
weekends.

State parks participating in the promotion are: Cacapon Resort, Chief Logan
Lodge, Hawks Nest, North Bend, Pipestem Resort, Twin Falls Resort and Tygart
Lake.

Reservations can be made by calling the participating parks in advance and
asking for the WV50 rate promotion.

Blackwater Falls State Park also is offering discounted rates for certain times
of the week for both January and February.

Young W.Va. musicians tapped for fellowship

Two young musicians have been selected as fellows through the West Virginia
Symphony Orchestra.

Officials say Abigail Kellems and Olivia Boughton were selected as the Student
Symphonic Fellows in the Andrew and Amy Vaughan Fellowship Program.

Kellems is a sophomore at Morgantown High School and plays tuba, guitar or piano
in the high school wind ensemble, advanced jazz ensemble, orchestra and marching
band.

Boughton is a senior violist in the Capital High School orchestra program and
plays in the West Virginia Youth Symphony and local chamber groups.

As part of the program, the students will sit onstage alongside symphony
musicians in different sections of the orchestra during rehearsals and meet
renowned guest artists. They also will conduct personal research about the music
being performed by the symphony.

WVU grant aims to improve health care

MORGANTOWN - West Virginia University is getting a nearly $2 million grant to
help improve health care statewide.

The university's public health school will use the award to coordinate health
care planning activities across the state in partnership with West Virginia
officials.

The Charleston Daily Mail reported that the initiative is supported by the
Centers for Medicare and Medicaid Services.

Technical and financial support is being made available to states that design
and test innovative payment and service delivery models aimed at improving
health care and lowering costs for Medicare, Medicaid and Children's Health
Insurance Program recipients.

Officials say the goal will be to work with health-care consumers, providers,
payers and other agencies to develop innovative approaches to improve the
quality of health care and control cost in West Virginia.

- From wire reports

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 Charleston Newspapers


                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS

               Copyright 2017 Hoover's Inc., All Rights Reserved

                  Hoover's Company Records - In-depth Records

                                 March 8, 2017

                                Tix Corporation

                            12711 Ventura Blvd #340
                          Studio City,  CA 91604-2416
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: 818-761-1002
URL: www.tixcorp.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: TIXC
HOOVER ID: 42348

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
LEGAL STATUS: Public

EMPLOYEES:  11

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *

OFFICER                 TITLE             AGE     SALARY      BONUS TOTAL_COMP
                                                                      ENSATION
Joe (Joey) Iacoponi     Vice President      -          -          -          -
                        Operations

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *


   Tix Corporation has got a ticket to ride. Through its Tix4Tonight subsidiary,
the company sells discounted same-day tickets to Las Vegas shows from about a
dozen locations in Las Vegas. Tix4Tonight also includes Tix4Dinner (discounted
dinners on the Vegas strip) and Tix4Golf (discounted golf reservations in the
Las Vegas area). The company's Exhibit Merchandising sells branded merchandise
(souvenir posters, memorabilia) related to museum exhibits and theatrical
productions. Sales are made in temporary specialty stores set up in conjunction
with the touring event.

   The company continuously focuses on beefing up its ticketing and event
merchandising. In 2010 it purchased the assets of All Access Entertainment, a
discount ticket service with five facilities in Las Vegas. It converted the
locations to its Tix4Tonight brand. The company made the acquisition to gain
greater coverage of the Las Vegas area. Also in 2010 Exhibit Merchandising
formed agreements to operate stores for three exhibitions, including
"Tutankhamen and The Golden Age of the Pharaohs."

   In 2010 the firm sold its Tix Production subsidiary, which produced live
entertainment -- including plays and staged events such as Walking with
Dinosaurs, David Copperfield, Rain, and Lord of the Dance -- to members of Tix
Production's management. The subsidiary was formed in 2008 with the purchase of
live entertainment producers Magic Arts and Entertainment and NewSpace
Entertainment. Tix Corporation made the divestiture after a strategic review of
operations, determining that it would be in the best interests of its
stockholders to focus on its core discount ticket operations.

   Chairman and CEO Mitchell Francis owns more than 10% of Tix Corporation,
while private equity firm Baker Street Capital has approximately 22% of the
shares outstanding.

HOOVER INDUSTRIES:

     ·    Business Services Sector
          ·    TRAVEL AGENCIES & SERVICES



* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
NAICS CODES:
711410 - Agents and Managers for Artists, Athletes, Entertainers, and Other
Public Figures
SIC CODES:
7922 - Theatrical producers and services
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Shubert Organization
     ·    StubHub
     ·    Tickets.com
     ·    TicketCity.com
     ·    Live Nation Entertainment
     ·    TicketsNow
     ·    Event Network


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December, 2016

(Millions U.S. Dollars)               2016              2015              2014
Revenue                              $21.4             $23.4             $22.7
Net Income                            $1.9             $16.8              $4.1
Net Profit                            8.9%             71.7%             18.3%

     ·    One Year Sales Growth: (8.8%)
     ·    One Year Income Growth: (88.7%)


                                                       2016
Debt Ratio                                             0.9%
Return on Equity                                      70.0%
Return on Assets                                       8.9%
Cash                                             $7,300,000
Current Ratio                                          3.09
Long-term debt                                     $200,000
Shares outstanding                               17,400,000
Dividend yield                                        13.7%
Dividend payout                                      195.5%
Market Value                                           27.2

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EXCHANGE: OTC
CURRENT SHARES OUTSTANDING: 17,400,000
STOCK PRICE:
2016 FISCAL YEAR HIGH:  $2.40
2016 FISCAL YEAR LOW:  $1.52
2016 FISCAL YEAR CLOSE:  $1.57
EPS: $0.11
DIVIDEND PAYOUT: 195.5%
DIVIDEND YIELD: 13.7%
DIVIDEND PER SHARE: $0.22
PRICE/EARNINGS HIGH:  22
PRICE/EARNINGS LOW:  14
BOOK VALUE PER SHARE:  $0.16
HISTORICAL STOCK INFORMATION:
                                      2015              2014              2013
Fiscal Year High                     $2.35             $1.75             $1.43
Fiscal Year Low                      $1.28             $0.85             $0.95
Fiscal Year Close                    $2.15             $1.45             $1.00
Price/Earnings High                      2                 8                20
Price/Earnings Low                       1                 4                14
Earnings                             $0.95             $0.23             $0.07
Dividends                            $0.15                 -                 -
Book Value per Share                 $0.16             $0.15             $0.15

                                      2012              2011              2010
Fiscal Year High                     $2.05             $2.02             $1.80
Fiscal Year Low                      $0.99             $1.24             $0.54
Fiscal Year Close                    $0.95             $1.85             $1.24
Price/Earnings High                     34                 -                 -
Price/Earnings Low                      17                 -                 -
Earnings                             $0.06             $0.00           ($0.10)
Book Value per Share                 $0.11             $0.11             $0.11

                                      2009              2008              2007
Fiscal Year High                     $4.18             $5.85             $7.90
Fiscal Year Low                      $0.81             $1.89             $3.65
Fiscal Year Close                    $1.74             $2.15             $5.85
Earnings                           ($0.02)           ($1.09)           ($0.70)
Book Value per Share                 $0.09             $0.08             $0.08

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Weinberg & Company, P.A.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017


                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Times (London)

                             March 6, 2007, Tuesday

Plane beats train on cost and speed as discount fares prove elusive

BYLINE: Ben Webster, Transport Correspondent

SECTION: HOME NEWS; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 482 words


* No cheap tickets found, despite claim

* Rail trips can be three times longer

Long-distance rail travel is so expensive that it is usually cheaper to travel
by air, according to a survey by Which?

The survey found that, for some journeys, the train was twice as expensive as
the plane and took more than three times as long.

Researchers focused on three routes: London to Glasgow, Birmingham to Edinburgh
and Manchester to Exeter. They tried booking seats seven weeks in advance,
avoiding peak periods when discounted tickets are seldom available.

Train companies claim to offer plenty of discounted fares outside the peak but
Which? checked each week for seven weeks and found none of the advertised
cheapest fares was available on any of the routes.

Virgin Trains promoted a fare of £ 27 return between London and Manchester but
the cheapest available ticket was £ 72.

Even at this price, passengers would be restricted to travelling on specific
trains. If they missed a train they would have to pay for an upgrade at the
ticket office or be charged the full fare on board the train.

Virgin told Which? that it should have tried booking the ticket 12 weeks in
advance, when the discounted fares were first put on sale.

Passenger groups argue that very few people can be certain of their precise
journey times three months before they travel. They want cheap tickets to come
with flexibility but the train companies will not allow this because it would
require them to share the revenue with rival operators.

Research by Passenger Focus, the government-funded rail watchdog, has found that
fewer than half of all passengers are satisfied with the valuefor-money of their
rail tickets.

Long-distance fares have gone up by more than double the rate of inflation since
privatisation a decade ago.

The Association of Train Operating Companies said that the comparison between
rail and air travel should include the cost of getting to and from airports. It
also urged passengers to consider the environmental benefits of travelling by
train. It calculates that, for each mile travelled, an airline passenger emits
four times as much carbon dioxide as a rail passenger.

The survey concluded, unsurprisingly, that air travel was much faster, with the
flight from London to Glasgow taking an average of one hour and 22 minutes
compared with five hours and 20 minutes on the train. But the comparison failed
to take account of journey times to and from airports, queueing at check-in and
security and waiting for luggage.

From January 2009, an upgrade to the rail line will reduce the journey time from
London to Glasgow by 35 minutes.

South West Trains and Virgin CrossCountry offer an online booking service called
Megatrain, selling single fares for £ 1 on some routes. But ticket numbers are
tightly controlled and last year, only 1 in 900 of the passengers carried by the
two companies bought a Megatrain ticket.

LOAD-DATE: March 6, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                              July 13, 2008 Sunday
                                   1 EDITION

CLUBS & ORGANIZATIONS

SECTION: ITOWNS; Pg. H15

LENGTH: 892 words


CLINTON

Wii Sessions: The Henry Carter Hull Library is holding Wii sessions on
Wednesdays in July; members of the public can use the library's new Nintendo Wii
game system.

All ages are invited to play games on the Wii from 5 to 8 p.m.

The library won a Nintendo Wii gaming console in the second annual InfoAnytime
contest. InfoAnytime is a real-time, web-based reference service that provides
live librarians to assist the public in finding information.

HADDAM/ KILLINGWORTH

Discounted Tickets: Come to the Haddam-Killingworth Recreation Department to
sign up for Six Flags New England or Lake Compounce tickets at a discounted
price. Tickets are good on any day of the season, but check with the parks to
find out the dates when they are open to the public.

Ticket savings amount to $22 at Six Flags and $7 at Lake Compounce.

Six Flags New England tickets will be available through Sept. 1 at the HK
Recreation Office and are good on any one day for the '08 season. The fee is $27
for adults and juniors (54 inches tall and taller). There is a $1 handling fee
per ticket. Children under 36 inches tall are free. Tickets are good for the
whole day. Regular admission prices are $50 for adults.

Lake Compounce tickets will be available through Sept. 1 at the HK Recreation
Office and are good on any one day for the '08 season. The fee is $24.95 for
adults and juniors (ages 4 and up). There is a $1.05 handling fee per ticket.
Children under 3 are free. Tickets are good for the whole day. Regular admission
is $33.95.

For more information and how to sign up for discounted tickets, call the
recreation department at 860-345-8334 or visit www.hkrec.com.

Wednesday Shows: The Haddam-Killingworth Recreation Department has booked some
Wednesday shows. Tickets are $2 and will be sold at the door. Children enrolled
in the department's summer camp that week will be attending the show free of
charge. All shows are on Wednesdays at 10 a.m. at the HK High School Auditorium.

World Class Frisbee Show, July 23; World Frisbee Champion Todd Brodeur will be
on hand to show everything you need to know about Frisbees. He will show easy
tricks and catches, as well as more difficult moves and combinations.

Motion 360, July 30; Motion 360 is a fast-paced physical tour de force in dance
theater. Using objects that range from the specialized (stilts and masks), to
the ordinary (roller blades and chairs), Tim Latta demonstrates how we can
literally stumble over everyday objects to unlock our creativity.

Free Concerts: The Haddam-Killingworth Recreation Department is sponsoring an
Outdoor Family Entertainment Series this summer. All concerts are free and are
on Fridays from 7 to 8:30 p.m. at the Higganum Green. Participants should bring
a blanket or a chair. In the event of rain, the concerts will be canceled.
Concerts are sponsored by Liberty Bank.

Friday, July 18, Skyline Drive: Meet Connecticut's hot new country band. Skyline
Drive is a fun, dynamic, crowd-pleasing, modern six-piece country band
presenting a broad range of down-home fare that includes new country, classic
country and their own catchy originals.

Friday, July 25, World's Smallest Quartet: This duo plays a variety of music,
such as acoustic classic, alternative, contemporary, metal, folk and southern
rock. Check out their website at www.wsqband.com to see the list of songs that
they play. Lots of great music for everyone to enjoy. .

Friday, Aug. 1, Still Above Ground: This three-piece band is composed of veteran
talented musicians that have performed literally thousands of times in their
careers throughout New England and New York. Still Above Ground plays a mix of
high-quality danceable classic rock 'n' roll, a little R&B, and even a touch of
blues from the 1960s. Check www.stillaboveground.com.

Friday, Aug. 8, Tom Sanders Band: Bringing together musicians from some of the
area's best blues and R&B bands. The Known Unknowns formed in 2003 as the result
of a recording project. The Tom Sanders Band's set list includes originals,
blues, soul and classic rock, including a full set of Allman Brothers. Tom
Sanders is a Higganum resident.

MADISON

Explore Meigs Point: The Connecticut State Museum of Natural History and Meigs
Point Nature Center will co-sponsor a field learning workshop of Meigs Point at
Hammonasset State Park in Madison, on July 19 from 10 a.m. to noon. The tour,
"An Inside Look at Meigs Point," will be led by Russ Miller, director of the
Meigs Point Nature Center.

Meigs Point is unparalleled in Connecticut. It includes three different
ecosystems, a marine trail and a visible recessional terminal moraine
characteristic of the Long Island shoreline. It is also a premier bird watching
area. Miller will lead you in an exploration of the plant and animal communities
living in these diverse areas and the geological processes that formed Long
Island Sound.

Participants can bring a picnic lunch, spend the afternoon at Hammonasset's
lovely 2-mile beach and enjoy some fun in the surf. The program fee is $20; $15
for museum members, and is open to adults and children ages 5 and up. Children
must be accompanied by an adult. Advance registration is required. Registration
fee includes admission to the Nature Museum. For further information visit
http://www.cac.uconn.edu/mnh

currentcalendar.html or call 860-486-4460.

- Compiled from reader and web host submissions

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHRIS SARRAZIN
 LIBRARIANS LYNN HIDEK, David Boudinot, and Maribeth Breen of the Henry Carter
Hull Library accept an InfoAnytime Wii contest certificate at the Connecticut
Library Consortium Annual Meeting at Leon's in New Haven recently.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             El Paso Times (Texas)

                              April 1, 2011 Friday

Promotores get word out about help with medicine

BYLINE: by David Burge \ El Paso Times

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 467 words


Pharmaceutical giant Pfizer and the local United Way are teaming up to spread
the word about the drug company's programs that can provide discounted or free
medicine to people in need.

Representatives from the company were in El Paso on Thursday to launch the
Promotores Outreach Program. The program, which began in El Paso three months
ago, uses trained community health workers to let Hispanics know about Pfizer's
Helpful Answers programs.

This family of about 10 programs provided $146 million of free or discounted
drugs to uninsured or underinsured Texans last year and $631 million during the
past five years, said Cecilia Ruberto, an alliance development manager with
Pfizer.

Using promotores -- informal health-care workers who serve the Hispanic
community -- is seen as an effective way to reach that group, Ruberto said.
These workers do outreach by talking to individuals and visiting churches,
health fairs and other community events.

Pfizer's Promotores program started in 2007 and is now in five Texas cities and
in Albuquerque.

Hispanics have a "great propensity to rely on information from trusted friends
and family members," Ruberto said, and promotores are seen as trusted members of
the community.

Pfizer has more than 100 drugs available under its assistance programs.
Available drugs treat such illnesses as diabetes, high blood pressure and even
cancer and Alzheimer's.

Texas has about 6 million uninsured people, and more than 39 percent of those
are Hispanic, according to the U.S. Census Bureau.

The outreach is designed to help close that gap by reaching Hispanics, Ruberto
said.

Partnering with the United Way of El Paso County allows Pfizer to tap into the
charity's network of agencies and neighborhood groups and gives the company
better insight into how to help the community, said Barbara Whitley, director of
the Pfizer's Promotores program.

Deborah Zuloaga, chief executive officer of the local United Way, said her group
focuses on helping people improve their lives through obtaining education,
reaching financial stability and meeting their basic needs.

Having access to free or affordable medicine can help someone stay in school or
continue to work, or can allow an elderly person to maintain a good quality
life, Zuloaga said.

Virginia Priego has been a community health-care worker in El Paso for 30 years
and has been trained by Pfizer to participate in its Promotores campaign. She's
one of five people in El Paso who have received training from the company.

Priego called it a "wonderful program" and she's been able to use it to help get
free cancer medicine for several people who needed it.

Information about Pfizer's Helpful Answers programs: 533-2434, ext. 236;
866-706-2400 or pfizerhelpfulanswers.com.

David Burge may be reached at dburge@elpasotimes.com; 546-6126.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Iktan Espejel, 6 months, was held by a promotora as Deborah Zuloaga,
left, CEO of the United Way of El Paso County and Cecilia Ruberto of Phizer Inc.
spoke about a partnership to help the uninsured and underinsured get
prescription medication help Thursday. The partnership, started three months ago
involves the outreach efforts of five promotres in the El Paso region including
Iktan's mother, Ciria Perea. Rudy Gutierrez/El Paso Times

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2011 El Paso Times, a MediaNews Group Newspaper
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 13, 2012 Thursday

Discounts for Cirque du Soleil at Expo expire Thursday night

BYLINE: Bill Blankenship.

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

LENGTH: 452 words


Those planning on attending one of Cirque du Soleil's seven performances Dec.
5-9 at the Kansas Expocentre have until 10 p.m. Thursday to take advantage of
discounted, online presale tickets.

The Canadian entertainment company, which describes itself as producers of a
"dramatic mix of circus arts and street entertainment," is making its first
Topeka appearance with the circus' top-selling touring show, "Dralion," which
fuses Cirque du Soleil avant-garde approach with ancient Chinese circus
tradition.

Show times will be 7:30 p.m. Wednesday through Friday, Dec. 5-7; 3:30 and 7:30
p.m. Saturday, Dec. 8; and 1 and 5 p.m. Sunday, Dec. 9 in the Expocentre's
Landon Arena.

When Cirque du Soleil announced the show Monday, it offered discounted presale
tickets to members of its Cirque Club, membership to which is free by going to
www.cirqueclub.com. After registration, members can follow a link to
Ticketmaster to buy the discounted tickets.

When tickets go on sale to the general public at 10 a.m. Friday, all prices will
be $10 higher.

Although purchasers of the online presale tickets will have to pay Ticketmaster
what it calls a "convenience fee" for each ticket sold, the cost will be less
except for front-row seats than if the same ticket is bought in person at the
Expocentre box office, which doesn't add the Ticketmaster fees.

Prices in person at the box office, including a $1.50 facility fee, will be:

- Adults 13 and older: $31.50 and $46.50; premium seats $66.50 and $91.50; and
front-row seats $141.50 for all performances except the two on Saturday, which
are $5 higher.

- Children 2 to 12: $25.50 and $37.50; premium seats $53.50 and $73.50; and
front-row seats $123.50. Saturday tickets are $5 more.

- Students, seniors and military: $28.50 and $42; and $60 and $82.50 for premium
seats, with no discounts for front-row seats, and $5 more for Saturday shows.

The presale tickets, which include the $1.50 facility fees and the sliding
Ticketmaster convenience fees, are:

- Adults: $28.40, $43.70, $64.15, $89.65 and $150.95. Saturday prices are
$33.50, $48.80, $69.25, $94.75 and $156.05.

- Children: $22.25, $34.50, $50.85, $71.30 and $132.55. Saturday prices are
$27.35, $39.60, $55.95, $76.40 and $137.65.

- Students, seniors and military: $25.30,$39.10, $57.50, $80.45 and $150.95.
Saturday prices are $33.50, $48.80, $69.25, $94.75 and $156.05.

That makes the online presale tickets less expensive than box office purchases
by $1.75 to $3.25 apiece depending on day and seat location.

Ticketmaster convenience fees are tacked on to all phone orders at (800)
745-3000, online purchases at www.ticketmaster.com and in-person purchases at
Ticketmaster retail outlets, other than the Expocentre box office.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Soundoff! (Laurel Maryland)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 2, 2012 Thursday

Nearly 1,500 rounds of golf played using country agreements

BYLINE: Brandon Bieltz, Soundoff! Laurel, Md.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 486 words


Aug. 02--When The Courses at Fort Meade became known as the "East Campus" in
May, golfing ceased to exist on the installation for the first time in more than
seven decades.

The closure left golfers looking for a new place to work on their game. Through
a partnership with Anne Arundel County, two courses opened their greens to Fort
Meade golfers at discounted rates.

"These agreements are an example of the partnerships we have worked hard to
develop with our county counterparts," Garrison Commander Col. Edward C.
Rothstein said. "Our county partners have agreed to step in to ensure Team Meade
is still able to enjoy the game at a discounted rate."

During the first two months of the county's agreement with Fort Meade, nearly
1,500 rounds of golf were played at the Eisenhower Golf Course in Crownsville
and Compass Pointe in Pasadena.

"We are very pleased with the response," Anne Arundel County Executive John
Leopold said. "We hope that participation will continue."

Following the closure of the Courses, Leopold said the county wanted to "set up"
and "give men and women of Fort Meade a new home for golf."

The agreements between the county and installation were formed through the Fort
Meade Regional Growth Management Committee and the Mission Growth Initiative.
The RGMC serves as a liaison between Fort Meade and Anne Arundel, Baltimore,
Carroll, Howard, Montgomery, Prince George's, Queen Anne's and Talbot counties,
and the cities of Baltimore and Laurel.

"[The Mission Growth Initiative is] formalizing and strengthening the framework
for communication, collaboration, long-range planning and partnership between
the fort and its surrounding jurisdictions by creating a permanent bridge of
processes and structures between the installation and surrounding communities,"
said Robert Leib, Leopold's special assistant for Base Realignment and Closure,
and Education.

The two golf courses, which are operated by Anne Arundel County, agreed to allow
discounted play and membership fees. Anyone eligible to play at the Fort Meade
course will be eligible for discounted rates at the county courses, with a
larger discount for players who are active-duty enlisted service members ranked
sergeant and below.

"Anything that we can do to alleviate the stress, we want to do," Leopold said.
"We want to make sure our veterans are taken care of."

Local courses offering discounts for Meade golfers

* Hobbits Glen Golf Club, 11130 Willowbottom Drive, Columbia. For information,
call 410-730-5980.

* Fairway Hills Golf Club, 5100 Columbia Road, Columbia. For information, call
410-730-1112.

* Compass Pointe Golf Course, 9010 Fort Smallwood Road, Pasadena. For
information, call 410-255-7764.

* Eisenhower Golf Course, 1576 Generals Highway, Crownsville. For information,
call 410-571-1167.

___ (c)2012 the Soundoff! (Laurel, Md.) Visit the Soundoff! (Laurel, Md.) at
www.ftmeadesoundoff.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120802-1SO-Nearly-1,500-rounds-of-golf-played-using-country-agreements-0802-20
120802

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1SO


                            Copyright 2012 Soundoff!


                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Nonprofit Helps Sick Pets Get Better Through Arlington Tomorrow
Foundation Grant

LENGTH: 260  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: City of Arlington, The State of Texas has issued the following news
release:



  Thanks to a $10,000 grant from the Arlington Tomorrow Foundation, the non
profit group Sponsor Adoptions was able to sponsor 33 shelter pets, which were
considered highly adoptable despite their medical conditions.





 Through agreements with area veterinarian clinics and rescue groups, including
SPCA of Dallas and Operation Kindness, Sponsor Adoptions was able to obtain
deeply discounted rates for heartworm treatment and other pet medical procedures
and services. These discounted rates ranged from 10 percent to 80 percent,
depending on the service and the participating clinic. Heartworm disease
injection treatments, for example, can typically range from $500 to $2,000
through a veterinarian clinic.



 In addition, with the Arlington Tomorrow Foundation funding, Sponsor Adoptions
was able to assist 14 Arlington residents experiencing financial hardships who
were unable to pay for medical care for their pet. Without the Arlington
Tomorrow Foundation and Sponsor Adoptions, these families likely would have had
to surrender their beloved family member to Arlington Animal Services, said
Chris Huff, Shelter Manager.



 Sponsor Adoptions is an Arlington-based animal welfare agency that raises money
to help sick and needy animals in area animal shelters and provides financial
assistance for pet owners who struggle with medical costs for their pets.







 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             January 2, 2012 Monday

CU-Boulder considers offering insurance discounts to employees who work out

BYLINE: Brittany Anas Camera Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 417 words


The University of Colorado is considering offering discounted health insurance
premiums to employees who work out.


As they explore a new wellness program, school officials are also looking to
partner with 24 Hour Fitness, or another gym franchise, to offer discounted
rates to employees.



 Supporters say that providing incentives to employees to be healthy pays off
because they are likely to have fewer health problems.





 Jill Pollock, chief human resources officer, told members of CU's Staff Council
that she and other administrators have been looking at successful programs
nationwide as CU's own Health and Welfare Trust looks to expand its offerings to
employees. CU's trust provides benefits for employees and their eligible
dependents.



 Scott Senger, a CU-Boulder employee, works out at the Rec Center about four
times a week lifting weights and playing pick-up basketball.



 "I definitely think it's a good thing that the university is considering giving
discounts on insurance for people who do work out and take care of their bodies
and maintain a healthy lifestyle," he said.



 The Cleveland Clinic, for example, serves 40,000 employees and offers nutrition
counseling, weight management programs and smoking cessation programs for free
to participating employees, Pollock explained to staff members. Those who
participate also get a rate deduction on their insurance premiums. The clinic is
an academic medical center that blends clinical and hospital care with research
and education.



 Pollock said the program in Cleveland has been in place for seven years and
provides CU an opportunity to study what's been successful.



 Last year the University of Colorado Hospital, which is a member of the health
trust, offered incentive payments of $120 for those employees who participated
in a heath assessment and biometric screening. The participation rate with the
incentive increased from 18 percent to 53.2 percent, according to Pollock.



 This fall, CU launched "Be Colorado," a system-wide wellness program offered to
participants of the University of Colorado Health and Welfare Trust. The first
phase of the program offered free online health assessments.



 The university is also planning to begin a new weight-loss program on the
Boulder campus.



 Contact Camera Staff Writer Brittany Anas at 303-473-1132 or
anasb@dailycamera.com

University of Colorado employee Scott Senger works out at the CU Recreation
Center on Friday. Senger works as an accountant for the Student Organization
Finance Office.

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: University of Colorado employee Scott Senger works out at the CU
Recreation Center on Friday. Senger works as an accountant for the Student
Organization Finance Office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            August 3, 2005 Wednesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

RIDERS GET DISCOUNT ON LAKE EXPRESS FERRY;
LATE-NIGHT TRIPS COST $19 LESS

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 252 words

DATELINE: MUSKEGON, MICH. (AP)


Late-night riders on the Lake Express ferry are getting discounted fares for
their cars during August. But all passengers are feeling the bite of higher fuel
costs.

The cost of transporting a vehicle on the ferry's 11 p.m. EDT departure from
Muskegon to Milwaukee has been dropped from $59 to $40. The discounted fare
applies to both one-way and round-trip excursions involving that departure time.

Passengers who reserved vehicle spaces on these runs prior to Lake Express LLC's
recent announcement of the promotion will receive $19 refunds for the
difference.

The Milwaukee-based ferry service reconfigured its second-year schedule,
creating some uneven ridership among its three daily round trips this summer,
the Muskegon Chronicle reported Tuesday.

The schedule was stretched to provide 45-minute turnarounds in the ports instead
of 30 minutes, pushing back the final departure out of Muskegon to 11 p.m. Each
one-way trip takes about 2 1/2 hours.

Another change passengers began to experience was, starting July 26, an increase
in their fuel surcharge for each crossing. The surcharge was imposed at $1.25
per ticket at the beginning of the year and increased to $3 for any ticket
purchased or reserved after July 26, the company stated on its Web site.

"Due to continuing record-high fuel costs, Lake Express finds increasing the
fuel surcharge regrettably unavoidable," the company said. "Passengers with
reservations made prior to July 26 will not be affected by the increase."

On the Web: www.lake-express.com

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2005 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 25, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: Travel; P03

LENGTH: 685 words


*  Take an "Antebellum South" train trip between Washington and Savannah, Ga.,
aboard the American Orient Express and receive a $1,000 discount per couple.
Price now starts at $2,990 per person double for the six-night journey, with
departures from Savannah March 2 and 16, and from Washington March 9 and 23.
Book by Jan. 31 at 800-320-4206, www.americanorientexpress.com.

*  51 Buckingham Gate, a five-star hotel in central London, has a winter rate
special starting at $293 a night plus 17.5 percent tax, a savings of $52 to $266
a night, depending on availability of other discount rates. Deal is good through
March. Info: 011-44-20-7769-7766, www.51-buckinghamgate.com.

*  Stay six nights in Beaver Creek, Colo., and receive a free iPod Nano, worth
$199. The deal, with rates discounted by 15 percent, is good at several
properties Feb. 2-April 1. For example, a six-night stay for two at Seasons at
Avon in early February starts at $879 plus $109 taxes. Blackout dates apply.
Info: 800-859-8242, www.beavercreekresortproperties.com.

*  A seven-night cruise aboard the Nantucket Clipper sailing Feb. 13 from Belize
to Honduras has been discounted by nearly 50 percent. The deal from Expedition
Trips starts at $1,510 per person double (brochure rate starts at $2,860). Book
at 877-412-8527, www.expeditiontrips.com.

*  Princess has reduced the fare on its Feb. 25 cruise of the Grand Princess
from Fort Lauderdale, Fla., to the Western Caribbean. An interior cabin on the
seven-night sailing now starts at $599 per person double plus $56 port charges
and taxes; brochure rate is $1,099. Info: 800-PRINCESS, www.princess.com.

*  Peter Deilmann Cruises (800-348-8287, www.deilmann-cruises.com) is offering
free round-trip airfare and savings of $405 to $1,248, depending on stateroom
category, on three Mediterranean cruises this spring. The 12-night cruises
depart Venice on April 12; Civitavecchia (Rome) on April 24; and Malaga, Spain,
on May 6. Prices start at $3,647 per person double occupancy after discount.

*  American Airlines has a "Go to the Snow" sale to top Western ski
destinations. The round-trip fare from Dulles to Jackson Hole, Wyo., for
example, is $236 plus $31 taxes. Sale is good for travel Jan. 15-Feb. 17;
purchase tickets by Dec. 31. Outbound travel valid Sunday-Tuesday, return travel
Wednesday-Friday. Other airlines are matching, but usual fare starts at $322.
Buy at www.aa.com, or pay $10 more at 800-433-7300.

*   Malaysia Airlines has a sale fare on nonstop service from Newark to
Stockholm. The round-trip fare is $495 round trip, including $196 taxes. Deal is
good through May 21. Fare on other airlines in May starts at $691. Book at
www.malaysiaairlinesusa.com.

*  Go-today.com has a six-night Chelsea Flower Show special starting at $729,
plus $235 taxes, per person double. The package includes round-trip airfare from
Washington to London, a one-day pass to the flower show and six nights at My
Place Hotel. Departure dates are May 23-25; buy by Feb. 23. Priced separately,
air would cost about $629 per person, the hotel $223 a night and the flower show
tickets about $68 each, for a total savings of about $875 per couple. Info:
800-227-3235, www.go-today.com.

*  A six-night trip to Buenos Aires and Montevideo, Uruguay, is now $989 per
person double (plus $229 taxes) with a deal from Lanvacations. The package
includes round-trip air from Washington to Buenos Aires, with return from
Montevideo; four nights at the Hotel Waldorf in Buenos Aires; boat transport
from Buenos Aires to Montevideo; two nights at the Balmoral Hotel in Montevideo;
half-day tour of Buenos Aires; and all transfers. Travel Jan. 14-March 31; buy
by Jan. 19. Priced separately, the deal would cost about $150 more per couple
without transfers and city tour. Info: 800-435-3593, www.lanvacations.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post


                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                           November 7, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Tourism Passport Program offers free or discounted prices to Games media;
Tourism Consortium hopes to generate extra coverage of B.C.

BYLINE: Bruce Constantineau, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: WESTCOAST NEWS; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 368  words


Three thousand journalists covering the 2010 Olympics will get free access to
major B.C. attractions, tours, nightclubs and 50-per-cent discounts on
restaurant food bills.

The 2010 Tourism Passport program, arranged by the 2010 Tourism Consortium,
hopes to generate extra media coverage about B.C. by making it easier for
reporters to experience destinations and research potential stories.

The passports will be given to journalists from key B.C. tourism markets --
including Ontario, the U.S., Europe and Asia -- and are valid between now and
the end of the Paralympic Winter Games on March 21, 2010.

More than 10,000 international media members are expected to be in the
Vancouver/Whistler region to cover the Games.

Tourism BC travel media relations manager Mika Ryan noted the passport provides
free and discounted access to attractions throughout B.C.

"We want to encourage people to write about the destination and to explore
beyond Vancouver and Whistler," she said.

The 2010 Tourism Passport is based on a similar program offered during the 2008
Beijing Games. The passport offers a wide variety of free or discounted access
-- including a free one-way trip on BC Ferries, free admission to the Vancouver
Art Gallery, free admission and VIP line entry to Bar None nightclub, and 75 per
cent off the price of a VIA Rail trip.

The program also offers a 50-per-cent discount on the food bill at several well
known Vancouver restaurants -- including Aqua Riva, Fuel and C restaurants.

Glowbal Restaurant Group co-owner Emad Yacoub, who operates several restaurants
in downtown Vancouver, said he understands why some restaurants participated but
felt it didn't make sense for him to join the program.

"If my restaurant is somewhere outside the downtown core, I'm okay with that,"
he said. "But I'm downtown and close to the venues so I expect to be very busy."

Yacoub said most Vancouver restaurants already offer good value, with prices
that are 20 to 30 per cent below those in major cities such as Los Angeles and
Toronto.

"I don't understand the need to sell our city cheap because we already took a
big hit when we dropped our prices on everything because of the recession," he
said.

bconstantineau@vancouversun.com

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            January 28, 2003 Tuesday

Metrocard Price Incentives Seen

BYLINE: By MATTHEW SWEENEY, Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NEW YORK; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 542 words


The Metropolitan Transportation Authority wants you to buy its discounted,
unlimited ride Metrocards, and may try to convince you through increased
Metrocard savings even as it jumps up the fare.

The MTA will hold hearings next month on its expected fare hike from $1.50 to $2
and eliminating 177 token booths, but yesterday it presented several possible
Metrocard prices that offered steep discounts on 30-day and 7-day cards.

The price incentives - none of which is set in stone, the agency insisted - are
in tune with the agency's plan to move toward a greater dependence on vending
machines.

The MTA Finance Committee's fare presentation also called for fewer transactions
and shorter lines at vending machines. The only way for that to happen is if
more riders buy the discounted 30-day and 7-day cards.

"The Metrocard has wrought a revolution and it has raised all sorts of issues
and we want a full discussion by the board and by the public of the issues that
the Metrocard revolution has presented," said Gary Caplan, the MTA's budget
director.

The proposed fare hike would be the first based on differential fare. The token
is being phased out, and yesterday the MTA demonstrated its interest in playing
with varying rates and discounts offered in different Metrocards. New York
City's famous single-fare ride - everyone paying one fare whether going two
stops or 20 - is disappearing along with the token.

Close to half of the 7 million daily riders use discounted, unlimited 1-day,
7-day, and 30-day cards. If the MTA gets what it wants - more people buying
longer-term cards - every rider soon will be paying a different price per ride
based on the Metrocard they buy.

The MTA has offered three possible fares increases, known as Options A, B, and
C. As the hearings draw closer, the MTA has focused its attention almost
exclusively on Option B, which would increase the single fare to $2 and draw in
roughly $350 million in additional annual revenue to the MTA by increasing total
costs 20%. Under this option, the cost of a 30-day card might only increase from
$63 to $65 or $68.The card, which now pays for itself after 42 rides, would pay
for itself after 33 or 34. In a similar deep discount, the price of a 7-day card
might increase from $17 to $18 or $20. By contrast, the one-day unlimited ride
card - the so-called "Fun Pass" - could jump by 75% and wouldn't be much fun if
raised from $4 to $6 or $7 as the MTA is considering. While the MTA seems eager
to push the more expensive cards, there are not enough discounts accessible to
poorer New Yorkers, said Gene Russianoff, senior attorney at the Straphangers
Campaign." If their goal is to get people to buy up they've got to make passes
more acceptable to low and moderate income New Yorkers," he said. Based on a
Straphangers' survey, only 2% of low income New Yorkers buy the 30-day card, but
many make heavy use of the 7-day card, Mr. Russianoff said. Mr. Caplan said
Metrocard purchases do not vary significantly based on income. Based on the
Straphangers' survey, Mr. Russianoff has proposed a 14-day unlimited Metrocard,
a 5-day unlimited card for non-consecutive use, and replacement insurance for
lost or stolen 30-day cards. The MTA has said it is considering these
suggestions.

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2003 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                           February 26, 2015 Thursday

Zoo kicks off membership drive with 10 percent off

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 298 words


EUREKA >> Sequoia Park Zoo has launched its 2015 membership drive, giving anyone
who purchases or renews a membership at the zoo a 10 percent discount off of
regular prices until March 15. To receive the discount, patrons may fill out an
application at the zoo, print one from the zoo's website at
sequoiaparkzoo.net/membership to mail or bring in person to 3414 W St., Eureka,
CA, 95503, or call (707) 442-5649 to apply over the phone.

Sequoia Park Zoo offers nine different kinds of memberships (prices include the
10 percent membership drive discount):

Individual: $31

Couple: $54

Family: $67

Student: $18

Military (Active or Veteran): $27

Senior (over 60): $27

Senior Couple: $45

Business: $127

Plus One: $22

Some of the benefits of membership include free admission to the zoo all year,
free or discounted admission at many affiliated zoos nationwide, 10 percent
discount on gift shop purchases, educational camps and classes, free or
discounted admission to popular events like Boo at the Zoo, and facility rental
discounts for meetings, birthday parties and weddings

More benefits, and standard prices for each membership type, can be found on the
Sequoia Park Zoo website noted above, as well as in the brochures and
applications available in the zoo ticket booth on-site. Whether discounted or
not, $1 from every membership purchase goes toward funding conservation efforts
at the zoo and beyond.

Established in 1907, Sequoia Park Zoo is the oldest zoo in California and one of
the smallest accredited zoos in the country. Situated next to the old-growth
redwoods of Sequoia Park, the zoo is a jewel in the heart of Eureka. It's a
major draw for tourists and locals, schools and families, students and
researchers   anyone with an interest in animals, conservation and education.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Eureka Times Standard (California)

                          February 25, 2015 Wednesday

Zoo kicks off membership drive with 10 percent off

BYLINE: The Times-Standard

SECTION: NEWS; Lifestyle

LENGTH: 298 words


EUREKA >> Sequoia Park Zoo has launched its 2015 membership drive, giving anyone
who purchases or renews a membership at the zoo a 10 percent discount off of
regular prices until March 15. To receive the discount, patrons may fill out an
application at the zoo, print one from the zoo's website at
sequoiaparkzoo.net/membership to mail or bring in person to 3414 W St., Eureka,
CA, 95503, or call (707) 442-5649 to apply over the phone.

Sequoia Park Zoo offers nine different kinds of memberships (prices include the
10 percent membership drive discount):

Individual: $31

Couple: $54

Family: $67

Student: $18

Military (Active or Veteran): $27

Senior (over 60): $27

Senior Couple: $45

Business: $127

Plus One: $22

Some of the benefits of membership include free admission to the zoo all year,
free or discounted admission at many affiliated zoos nationwide, 10 percent
discount on gift shop purchases, educational camps and classes, free or
discounted admission to popular events like Boo at the Zoo, and facility rental
discounts for meetings, birthday parties and weddings

More benefits, and standard prices for each membership type, can be found on the
Sequoia Park Zoo website noted above, as well as in the brochures and
applications available in the zoo ticket booth on-site. Whether discounted or
not, $1 from every membership purchase goes toward funding conservation efforts
at the zoo and beyond.

Established in 1907, Sequoia Park Zoo is the oldest zoo in California and one of
the smallest accredited zoos in the country. Situated next to the old-growth
redwoods of Sequoia Park, the zoo is a jewel in the heart of Eureka. It's a
major draw for tourists and locals, schools and families, students and
researchers   anyone with an interest in animals, conservation and education.

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Times - Standard
                              All Rights Reserved


                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              birminghammail.co.uk

                     February 28, 2017 Tuesday 10:25 AM GMT

Virgin Trains 20th birthday West Coast sale starts TONIGHT;
Almost 1.5 million seats discounted in West Coast route's longest ever seat sale

BYLINE: By James Rodger

SECTION: WHAT'S ON; Version:3

LENGTH: 294 words


Virgin Trains is launching a record six-day online 20th birthday sale to thank
customers for 20 years of travelling with Virgin Trains on the West Coast.

From its birthday on Thursday, March 9, to Tuesday, March 14, prices will be
slashed on Standard and First Class fares on the Virgin Trains West Coast route.

Customers booking in advance to travel on Virgin Trains to West Coast
destinations including Manchester, Liverpool and Glasgow can save up to 55 per
cent for travel between Saturday, March 25 - Thursday, August 24 2017.

This map shows where the north begins - and it leaves the West Midlands divided

Discounted Standard fares include the below Advance Single tickets:

London to Manchester: before £22, now £10

London to Birmingham: before £8, now £4

London to Chester: before £16.50, now £10

London to Glasgow: before £30, now £14

Discounted First Class fares include the below Advance Single tickets*:

London to Manchester: before £43, now £28

London to Birmingham: before £26, now £17

London to Chester: before £45, now £28

London to Glasgow: before £55, now £35

How to save 20 per cent on family days out over February half term

Phil Whittingham, MD for Virgin Trains on the West Coast, said: "What better way
to celebrate 20 years of Virgin Trains than with our longest ever seat sale.

"From introducing the iconic Pendolino train and doubling passenger numbers,
through to ground-breaking firsts like Automatic Delay Repay and our
entertainment system BEAM, we're proud of the impact we've had on UK rail
travel.

Birmingham Mail Mobile App ad

"So we've knocked up to 55% off nearly one and a half million tickets, as we say
thank you to our customers - we couldn't have done it without you!"

Discounted tickets will beavailable to bookat from 00:01 on Thursday, March, 9.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper; Web Publication

JOURNAL-CODE: WEBEM


                         Copyright 2017 Trinity Mirror
                              All Rights Reserved


                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Alameda city briefs: Relay for Life set this weekend

BYLINE: --- Alameda Journal

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 599 words


Relay for Life set for this weekend

The Relay For Life of Alameda will take place Saturday and Sunday at the Encinal
High School track. Mayor Marie Gilmore will be on hand for the opening ceremony
at 10 a.m. Saturday, and Assemblyman Rob Bonta will take part in the closing
ceremony at 9:30 a.m. Sunday.

Among the weekend's activities will be a cake cutting at 12:30 p.m. Saturday
with cancer survivors and caregivers, and a performance by the Oakland Youth
Chorus at 2:15 p.m. the same day.

For information, go towww.relayforlife.org/AlamedaCA
orwww.facebook.com/RelayForLifeOfAlamedaCA .

Discounted county fair tickets available

Free discounted Alameda County Fair tickets and event pamphlets will be
distributed 10 a.m.-noon on Saturday in the Alameda City Hall parking lot.

This will mark the 13th consecutive year that newly titled fair Director
Emeritus "Lil" Arnerich has distributed the tickets to the public. The tickets
provide a 50 percent discount on the standard $10 price.

The fair in Pleasanton opened June 19 and will continue through July 7.

Go towww.alamedacountyfair.com for information.

New public benches on Park Street

Four new benches have been installed on Park Street by the Public Works
Department, designed to make shopping easier for seniors and for persons with
disabilities.

"A woman contacted the Commission on Disability Issues to request public seating
along Park Street so seniors can have places to rest," said Audrey Lord-Hausman,
the commission's chairperson. "We quickly realized that there was limited public
seating in the Park Street business district and asked the city to provide some.
We particularly wanted them to be user-friendly for seniors and persons with
mobility challenges." The benches are raised slightly higher than regular
benches to make it easier for people to stand from the seated position.

"We hope that the addition of providing rest stops along the way will create a
welcoming atmosphere for Alameda shoppers," Mayor Marie Gilmore said. "I am
grateful that the Commission on Disabilities Issues helped the city respond to
needs that impact so many of our citizens."

Summer concerts at South Shore Center

The Summer Beats Concert Series at Alameda South Shore Center will kick off July
4 with tribute rockers Mustache Harbor playing rock and roll classics from the
1970s and 1980s.

After the Independence Day debut, the free concerts will take place every other
Saturday, from July 20 through the Labor Day weekend, from 5 p.m.-7 p.m. in the
center court.

The concerts will also feature activities for kids, including face painting,
henna and glitter tattoos, balloon animals and a bounce house.

Among the performers will be Pure Ecstasy playing motown on July 20 and
California Beach Boys playing surf music on Aug. 3.

Federal, local officials to mark base transfer

U.S. Rep. Barbara Lee and Assistant Secretary of the Navy Roger Natsuhara wil
join Mayor Marie Gilmore and City Manager John Russo on Monday for a ceremony to
mark the "no cost" comveyance of a portion of the former Naval Air Station to
the city by the federal government.

The ceremony will take place at 2 p.m. at the former base's North Main Gate, or
at Main Street and Navy Way.

The land being turned over to the city totals about 1,370 acres and is the first
phase in the eventual transfer of the entire former base to the city. It's
divided into 66 parcels and consists of 509 acres of land and 870 acres under
San Francisco Bay.

The conveyance follows the U.S. Navy agreeing to drop the $108 million price tag
for the former base in September 2011 and give it at no cost to the city.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                              May 3, 2008 Saturday
                             B - RealEstate Edition

Get on a bus for a bargain

BYLINE: NICOLE LINDSAY

SECTION: REALESTATE; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 213  words


BARGAIN hunters in Melbourne take bus tours of Richmond and Collingwood
warehouses in search of discounted runners and clothes.

But in California, bargain hunters are now getting on the bus to look at
discounted houses.

House prices in parts of the US have been falling for about three years, but the
recent foreclosures after the collapse of the sub-prime loan market has started
the new trend, according to the LA Times.

Known as Repo Home Tours, the bus trips are reportedly happening in Los Angeles,
Las Vegas and Florida.

In the US, banks are selling repossessed houses from 40 to 60 per cent below
market value.

According to the report, 38 per cent of homes sold in southern California last
month were foreclosures, compared with 8 per cent in March last year.

Consequently, home sales have fallen to their lowest level in 20 years during
the traditional spring home-buying season.

And median house prices have fallen 20 per cent.

Dee-lightful location

MELBOURNE Football Club director Peter Spargo and his wife Kathleen are selling
their five-bedroom Haverbrack Ave house.

Set in one of Malvern's pretty tree-lined street, the house is on 1770sq m and
has a north-south tennis court and swimming pool.

Agents Kay and Burton and Marshall White are handling the auction on May 10 at
1pm.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: DHS


                   Copyright 2008 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 28, 2012 Tuesday

12 companies, including HOVENSA, respond to WAPA request for fuel bids

BYLINE: Joy Blackburn, The Virgin Islands Daily News, St. Thomas

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 758 words


Aug. 28--The V.I. Water and Power Authority last week received responses from 12
companies interested in providing the No. 2 distillate fuel oil that powers the
utility's operations at Krum Bay St. Thomas and Estate Richmond St. Croix.

The responses are replies to an invitation to bid that WAPA reissued earlier
this month -- the second invitation to bid on the fuel oil that WAPA has put out
this year.

WAPA initially sought a new fuel supplier after HOVENSA announced in January
that it would be ceasing its St. Croix refining operations and would no longer
supply fuel oil to WAPA after June 30.

However, after WAPA's first invitation to bid was issued in March but before
responses were due, Gov. John deJongh Jr. announced that HOVENSA had committed
to continuing to provide discounted fuel oil to WAPA through the end of the
year.

WAPA officials believe that concern among other companies about inability to
compete with HOVENSA's discounted prices may be why there was only one response
to the first invitation to bid.

WAPA spokeswoman Cassandra Dunn said Monday that officials consider 12 bidders a
good field.

"That would be considered a good response," she said. "From the feedback we had
with the original invitation for bids, we were expecting we'd have a substantial
response."

The 12 companies that responded include companies based in the territory, the
region, and stateside. HOVENSA is among the respondents.

According to a press release from WAPA, those responding to the bid were:

- Vitol, Inc.; Houston, Texas.

- Novum Energy Trading Corp.; Tortola, British Virgin Islands.

- Chevron Products Company; Houston.

- Shell Western Supply & Trading Limited; Bridgetown, Barbados

- Raindrop Petroleum; New York, N.Y.

- Cardinal Connor Associates; St. Croix.

- Caribbean Logistics; St. Thomas.

- Trafigura AG; Bayamon, Puerto Rico.

- Peerless Oil & Chemicals, Inc.; Penuelas, Puerto Rico.

- IS International Services, LLC; Lawrenceville, Ga.

- HOVENSA, LLC; St. Croix.

- L'Oil, Inc.; Nashville, TN.

On Aug. 6, the same day WAPA reissued the invitation to bid, deJongh gave a
highly-publicized speech in which he said he had rejected the HOVENSA plan to
become a petroleum storage facility under a proposed modification to its
existing contract with the government.

DeJongh instead called on HOVENSA to reopen or sell the refinery.

DeJongh also pointed out during that speech that if HOVENSA maintained its same
position at the negotiating table, it would no longer be supplying discounted
fuel to WAPA after Dec. 31. DeJongh said officials believed that could cause
utility costs in the territory to rise by 20 to 25 percent next year.

There have been no further public announcements about the status of negotiations
between the government and HOVENSA since that time.

It was unclear on Monday what HOVENSA's bid involved.

Although she expressed some surprise about the HOVENSA bid, Dunn said she did
not know the details.

"I cannot tell you anything about them. I am not privy to their bid," she said.

WAPA had made some changes when it reissued the invitation to bid, with the
biggest change being that WAPA was planning for its own storage "because we are
uncertain as to the availability of nearby storage," Dunn said earlier this
month. "Basically, we are looking for those who can help us with that."

In the first invitation for bids, WAPA had indicated that the HOVENSA terminal
would be its first preference for receiving and storing fuel oil.

In the reissued version, an option was created that would allow for delivery of
the fuel oil to WAPA's facility in Krum Bay, where the utility could then
distribute it between St. Thomas and St. Croix, Dunn said. The HOVENSA option
still was included, she said.

"This is a competitive bidding process, and every company that submitted a bid
will be given equal consideration within the parameters of the requirements,"
Dunn said Monday.

The WAPA statement said the utility's management team and technical and legal
consultants have begun evaluating the bid proposals and will start interviewing
companies next week to determine a short-list of potential suppliers.

Companies positioned on the short-list then will be scheduled for negotiations,
according to WAPA.

Dunn said officials expect to have the short-list within the next few weeks.

The purchase agreement is to be for one year, with an optional automatic
nine-month renewal.

___ (c)2012 The Virgin Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) Visit The Virgin
Islands Daily News (St. Thomas, VIR) at www.virginislandsdailynews.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120828-1VI-12-companies-including-HOVENSA-respond-to-WAPA-request-for-fuel-bid
s-0828-20120828

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VI


                  Copyright 2012 The Virgin Islands Daily News


                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                              July 13, 2003 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

TRAVEL ADVISORY;
Deals and Discounts

BYLINE:  By JOSEPH SIANO

SECTION: Section 5; Column 4; Travel Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 452 words


Some possibilities for those thinking about taking a cruise:

EUROPE BY BARGE -- Those who book by Aug. 31 for travel beginning April 4, 2004,
can save from $150 to $500 a couple on 8- to 16-day trips that combine European
river-barge cruises with land tours, according to Gate 1 Travel, the Glenside,
Pa., tour operator that sells the trips. Prices include round-trip air fare from
New York and most meals and shore excursions. An eight-day itinerary with three
nights on the Marne in Champagne aboard the 10-cabin Libelulle, three nights in
Paris and 10 meals starts at $1,849 a person, double occupancy. A 16-day trip
includes 14 days aboard the 89-cabin Avalon Artistry, with stops in Hungary,
Slovakia, Austria, Germany and the Netherlands, and 41 meals. Rates start at
$3,369 a person, double. Rates include the discount. There are 15 itineraries;
www .gate1travel.com.

NORTHWEST BY STERNWHEELER -- The American West Steamboat Company is deploying
its new 235-passenger Empress of the North on cruises through the Pacific
Northwest. Its debut cruise in this region, an 11-night trip leaving Seattle
Sept. 21, has rates that the company says are discounted by $1,200 a couple.
From Seattle the vessel goes through the San Juan Islands and stops at Victoria,
British Columbia, before following the Washington coast to Astoria, Ore. From
there passengers spend eight nights along the Columbia and Snake Rivers;
highlights include Multnomah Falls, Mount St. Helens National Volcanic Monument,
and excursions to Lewis and Clark's Station Camp and Fort Clatsop. Rates range
from $4,519 to $7,749 a person before the discount. Air fare is extra; (800)
434-1232 or www.americanweststeamboat.com.


RUSSIA BY SHIP -- A 13-day Russian cruise on the 280-passenger Leonid Sobolev is
being discounted 50 percent by Unique World Cruises, based in Manhasset, N.Y.
Departure is Sept. 15. The itinerary, from Moscow to St. Petersburg, includes
several days in each city. Discounted rates start at $1,498 a person, double
occupancy, with air fare from New York on Finnair and all sightseeing. Port
taxes add $98, airport taxes $120. Space is limited; (800) 669-0757 or
www.uniqueworldcruises.com.

MEDITERRANEAN BY YACHT -- Abercrombie & Kent says it is taking 50 percent off
companion fares for an eight-day trip from Corfu to Crete Oct. 6 to 13. The
vessel is the 34-passenger yacht Callisto, with stops at the site of the first
Olympic Games and the ancient oracle of Zeus in Dodona, among other ports of
call. Rates, with all meals, beverages, shore excursions and sightseeing, start
at $5,950 a person, based on double occupancy, before the discount. Air fare is
extra; (800) 323-7308 or www.abercrombiekent.com.
   JOSEPH SIANO

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Discount flicks tickets? There are apps for that;
MOVIES

SECTION: ; Pg. Z8

LENGTH: 527 words


MOVIEPASS

QUAYSIDE, GETTY IMAGES/ISTOCKPHOTO

DISNEY/PIXAR

ATOM TICKETS

DEALFLICKS

the box office for anyone not named Dory or Tarzan.

But with the help of movie-ticketing apps such as the just-launched Atom
Tickets, theater owners are hoping to get butts in seats while also giving
filmgoers bang for their buck. So what's the best ticket-buying alternative for
you? Ryan USA TODAY breaks 's down Patrick the pros and cons of three smartphone
apps, all available on iOS and Android.

ATOM TICKETS

PRICE: Free

AVAILABILITY: Select cities nationwide including Los Angeles, San Diego, Atlanta
and Nashville. A nationwide expansion is planned later this summer.

HOW IT WORKS: Designed as a social network for moviegoing, Atom allows you to
coordinate trips to the theater with your friends directly in the app. Once you
create an account or sign up using Facebook, you can see which movies your
friends would like to see, send invites, pick show-times and buy tickets. You
also can skip long lines at the concession stand by pre-ordering snacks and
drinks.

PROS: Your first Atom ticket is free. Atom also is exploring flexible pricing,
meaning group tickets could be discounted several weeks into a movie's release,
according to the Los Angeles Times.

CONS: Right now, Atom can be used only at AMC and Regal theaters.

DEALFLICKS

PRICE: Free

AVAILABILITY: More than 750 theaters nationwide

HOW IT WORKS: Described as "Priceline for movie tickets," Dealflicks allows
theater owners to pick which movies they would like to discount and at what
price. Discounts (10% to 60%) vary by location and showtime and are frequently
combined with deals on concessions.

PROS: The user-friendly app lets you buy cheap tickets for most movies already
in theaters, as well as pre-order discounted seats for upcoming films.

CONS: Although Dealflicks expanded into all Carmike Cinemas earlier this year,
the chain is only in the suburbs of major markets such as Phoenix and San Diego.
Most theaters also have a limited quantity of discounted tickets, available for
only a handful of days and times each week.

MOVIEPASS

PRICE: $30-$45 a month, depending on where you live

AVAILABILITY: More than 3,700 theaters nationwide

HOW IT WORKS: Designed as the theater equivalent of Netflix, MoviePass allows
you to see one movie every 24 hours. After signing up, subscribers receive a
MoviePass debit card by mail. In order to see a movie, you need to be within 100
yards of your desired movie theater, which allows you to check in to your
showtime of choice using the MoviePass app. Once you check in, your card is
automatically loaded and can be used to "purchase" your ticket at the box office
or kiosk.

Pros: Considering movie tickets are $15 or more in large cities, the monthly fee
pays for itself within two or three trips to the theater.

CONS: The complex process of buying a single ticket - and only when you're near
a theater - can make getting tickets ahead of time a headache. You can't use the
app to buy tickets for moviegoing companions, nor can you purchase them for 3-D
or IMAX showings (though MoviePass is exploring premium packages, which would
include movies in all formats at a higher price point).

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday
                                JERSEY-D Edition

Adviser to A.C. billed state $70,000

BYLINE: By Amy S. Rosenberg; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; P-com News; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 423 words


ATLANTIC CITY - Kevyn Orr, the former Detroit emergency manager tapped by Gov.
Christie to advise Atlantic City, billed the state at a rate of $950 per hour,
with an available 25 percent discount, for a total of about $70,000 for three
months' work, the state said Wednesday.

Orr was appointed Jan. 22 as general counsel to Kevin Lavin, who continues to
serve in a daily capacity as Atlantic City's emergency manager at an annual
salary of $135,000.

Orr, who steered Detroit through its bankruptcy, left the job at the end of
April to return to his law firm, Jones Day in Washington.

The discounted rate of $712.50 was a condition of timely payment under the New
Jersey Prompt Payment Act. His contract called for no more than 16 hours of work
per week.

The state did not break down the compensation, but Orr's total compensation was
about $70,000, according to state officials.

At the discounted rate, that works out to about seven hours a week billed. Orr
told reporters in Lansing, Mich., recently that he spent much of the last three
months at home with his children in the Washington area.

The contract described his job as "Expert," and required him to prepare "expert
reports" and participate in conferences related to Atlantic City and Lavin's
work.

The state had declined to release his hourly rate and total compensation until
Wednesday.

Orr's appointment was interpreted by some to mean that Atlantic City might be
headed for a Detroit-style bankruptcy, causing the city's credit rating to
plummet. But although debt restructuring is being pursued, bankruptcy at this
point is not considered likely.

Orr's agreement with the state, released by the state Attorney General's Office
late Wednesday after multiple public records requests, also calls for him to be
reimbursed for mileage, copying, telephone, and other expenses, but not meals.

Atlantic City's mayor, Don Guardian, is paid $103,000 per year.

Also released Wednesday was the rate to be paid to retired U.S. Bankruptcy Judge
Donald Steckroth, who was hired to be a mediator as Atlantic City seeks to
restructure its crushing debt in the wake of four casino closings, including
about $88 million owed to the Borgata from tax appeals.

He will be paid $425 an hour, a rate described in his agreement as "not your
standard hourly rate" and "a significant courtesy reduction."

The state has also hired Ernst & Young to do accounting work related to Atlantic
City's crisis for a total of $250,000.

arosenberg@phillynews.com

609-823-0453 @amysrosenberg

www.philly.com/downashore


LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                              May 7, 2015 Thursday
                                JERSEY-C Edition

Adviser to A.C. billed state $70,000

BYLINE: By Amy S. Rosenberg; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; P-com News Politics; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 423 words


ATLANTIC CITY - Kevyn Orr, the former Detroit emergency manager tapped by Gov.
Christie to advise Atlantic City, billed the state at a rate of $950 per hour,
with an available 25 percent discount, for a total of about $70,000 for three
months' work, the state said Wednesday.

Orr was appointed Jan. 22 as general counsel to Kevin Lavin, who continues to
serve in a daily capacity as Atlantic City's emergency manager at an annual
salary of $135,000.

Orr, who steered Detroit through its bankruptcy, left the job at the end of
April to return to his law firm, Jones Day in Washington.

The discounted rate of $712.50 was a condition of timely payment under the New
Jersey Prompt Payment Act. His contract called for no more than 16 hours of work
per week.

The state did not break down the compensation, but Orr's total compensation was
about $70,000, according to state officials.

At the discounted rate, that works out to about seven hours a week billed. Orr
told reporters in Lansing, Mich., recently that he spent much of the last three
months at home with his children in the Washington area.

The contract described his job as "Expert," and required him to prepare "expert
reports" and participate in conferences related to Atlantic City and Lavin's
work.

The state had declined to release his hourly rate and total compensation until
Wednesday.

Orr's appointment was interpreted by some to mean that Atlantic City might be
headed for a Detroit-style bankruptcy, causing the city's credit rating to
plummet. But although debt restructuring is being pursued, bankruptcy at this
point is not considered likely.

Orr's agreement with the state, released by the state Attorney General's Office
late Wednesday after multiple public records requests, also calls for him to be
reimbursed for mileage, copying, telephone, and other expenses, but not meals.

Atlantic City's mayor, Don Guardian, is paid $103,000 per year.

Also released Wednesday was the rate to be paid to retired U.S. Bankruptcy Judge
Donald Steckroth, who was hired to be a mediator as Atlantic City seeks to
restructure its crushing debt in the wake of four casino closings, including
about $88 million owed to the Borgata from tax appeals.

He will be paid $425 an hour, a rate described in his agreement as "not your
standard hourly rate" and "a significant courtesy reduction."

The state has also hired Ernst & Young to do accounting work related to Atlantic
City's crisis for a total of $250,000.

arosenberg@phillynews.com

609-823-0453 @amysrosenberg

www.philly.com/downashore


LOAD-DATE: May 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             January 4, 2015 Sunday
                              Buffalo News Edition

Young Coloradoans know best when it comes to ski fun

BYLINE: Eileen Ogintz; Tribune Content Agency

SECTION: F,F; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 766 words


Got your ChapStick?

"I always have ChapStick when I'm skiing, because my lips get SUPER dry," said
Grace, 12, who lives in Aspen.

And make sure to drink a lot of water. "When you first come to a place with high
altitude (Aspen is 8,000 feet above sea level) you need to drink a lot of water,
or you'll get headaches," said Katie, 13, who goes to Aspen Middle School with
Grace.

"Welcome to Colorado and have fun exploring. The mountains are beautiful," said
Grace, 14, who lives in Gunnison.They were among the 100-plus kids across
Colorado I interviewed for my new "Kid's Guide to Denver, Boulder and Colorado
Ski Country," the latest in the series written for traveling kids. The kids
opined that you should have tissues, Band-Aids, sunscreen, snacks, like a
protein bar, and "power candy," like Skittles or M-and-Ms, which will provide a
burst of energy on the slopes. A phone is essential, "Because once it snows, you
can't be too careful," said Katie. So are headphones. "Whenever I go skiing, I
love to bring headphones and listen to music," said Mary, 13, who also lives in
Aspen.

"My favorite thing to do is ski race with my friends," said their classmate
Ellie, 13.Others said they preferred snowboarding, or switching back and forth,
depending on the conditions, or their mood. "I do both," said Taylor, 13.If you
are a newbie, there is no better time than January, the nationally designated
Learn to Ski and Snowboard Mont to hit the Colorado slopes. There are
well-priced programs in Colorado as well as across the country that offer
discounted lift tickets, lessons and rentals. (Check out the Taking the Kids FUN
IN THE SNOW section to see what snow resorts are offering families this year.)

If you already know your way around a ski mountain, invite a friend who hasn't
tried snow sports. The new Bring a Friend Challenge offers incentives to skiers
and snowboarders who introduce newcomers to snow sports this January and
February.

A tip: Look for discounted air-hotel-lift packages from sites like www.ski.com
and discounted lift tickets from www.liftopia.com. For rentals, companies like
Ski Butlers will deliver and fit gear right where you are staying and in some
places, may offer a kids-rent-free deal with adult rentals.

If your kids are fifth- and sixth-graders, apply for a Colorado Ski Passport.
Fifth-graders get three free days of skiing or snowboarding at each of Colorado
Ski Country's 20 member resorts; sixth-graders get four days at each resort for
just $99 - a great deal when a one-day kid's lift ticket can be $70 or more.
There are also discounts for lessons and rentals.

You'll also find kids-free options throughout the season in Colorado. Kids 12
and under ski free all season at Keystone Resort, as long as families stay two
nights. Kids ski free at Steamboat the same number of days with their parents
and grandparents, as long as they purchase a lift ticket for five days or more.
In Aspen/Snowmass, kids stay and ski free in March and April.

In Crested Butte, kids up to 17 can Nordic ski free at the Crested Butte Nordic
Center with miles of groomed trails around the quintessential tiny ski town.

"I like Crested Butte because the people there are nice and it has the best ski
resort food ever," said Millie, 10, who goes to the Orsch School in Gunnison,
Colo. "The french fries are really good if you want to fill up your stomach, but
not enough to get a bellyache."

Aspen kids, of course, are partial to their four mountains - Aspen, Buttermilk,
Aspen Highlands and Snowmass - and offered their picks for best mountain eats.
"I almost always get mac and cheese. I love it!" said Taylor, 13.

"Fresh pizza and warm hot chocolate is the best on a cold day," suggested Emma,
13.

"Grilled cheese warms you up," added Grace, 12.

This year, Aspen/Snowmass is unveiling a new state of the art Hideout Childrens
Center at the base of Buttermilk, designed to mix indoor play with outdoor
instruction. "Make sure to take a lot of pictures," says Kiley, 12. "When you
bring them home, you will be able to look at all the awesome memories you made
here in Colorado!"

That's just as true off the slopes as on with ice forts, tubing, snow-biking,
sledding, shopping. (Buy a snow globe, one of the kids suggested. Another said,
"A cool rock with crystals.") and snowmobiling.

At Keystone, Kidtopia is bigger than ever this year with its giant snow fort to
explore and daily special activities for kids - everything from free arts and
crafts in the plaza to snow-tubing, weekly fireworks, snow fort building,
scavenger hunts and the chance to explore the winter night sky on Fridays.

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            January 1, 2009 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

Grady might limit access to free care;
Proposal upsets patient advocates, but hospital says some people have abused the
system and those who can pay something should do so.

BYLINE: CRAIG SCHNEIDER; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 735 words


A Grady Memorial Hospital proposal to increase medical costs to some uninsured
patients has alarmed advocates who say people will avoid care, become sicker and
perhaps even die.

Grady officials on Wednesday stressed that the proposal is still in the
discussion phase, but acknowledged it could cut off some people from free care.

Some of those people receiving free care have been abusing the system, and
others have the finances to pay at least part of their bill, said Grady CEO
Michael Young.

"We want to make sure that people who can afford to pay something will pay
something," Young said. "If they don't have the means, they don't have to pay."

The plan is expected to be discussed Monday by the Grady board of directors,
though officials said no final vote is expected.

Grady has already started screening people's finances more carefully to spot
those abusing the system, he said. Grady sent notices to 1,400 people this month
telling them that they no longer qualify for the discount they had been
receiving.

One person receiving discounted care was found to have a $750,000 house, he
said. Some students have been receiving free care by only submitting their
county address, when they should be the responsibility of their parents, he
said. Other people hide the fact that they have insurance.

Young said he believes there are probably thousands of people abusing the Grady
system by qualifying for free or discounted care they don't deserve.

The most controversial proposal centers on prospective changes in the
eligibility to receive a special "Grady card," which allows people discounted,
or even free, medical care.

Currently, Grady provides discounts for 250,000 people. Many of these people
live in Fulton and DeKalb counties, which give Grady a combined total of up to
$100 million a year to subsidize health care.

The plan has ignited the first major clash between the new leadership of the
financially struggling hospital and the group of patient advocates called the
Grady Coalition.

Coalition leaders say Grady officials are betraying the vow they made when they
took control of the hospital earlier this year --- to preserve Grady's mission
as a safety net hospital for the poor and needy.

State Sen. Vincent Fort (D-Atlanta), a leader of the Grady Coalition, said the
proposed changes would hurt uninsured working-class people already struggling to
make ends meet. He said the changes will dissuade many from seeking care at
Grady.

"If I know there's going to be a big bill hanging over me, I may not go," he
said. "People will die for lack of care."

But Young said the hospital will not deny care to low-income people in need.
Young said he understands the sensitivity on this issue, and that he does not
want to discourage anyone from obtaining health care. But he said he must try to
find ways to bring in more revenue for the hospital.

"We're having a dialogue" with patient advocates and community leaders, he said.

Right now, Fulton and DeKalb county patients who earn less than 250 percent of
the federal poverty guidelines --- or $26,000 for one person annually --- can
receive free medical care. Patients outside those counties in similar financial
condition pay 30 percent of their bill.

The Atlanta Journal-Constitution obtained documents from Grady on the new
proposal through the state open records law.

Under the plan, Fulton and DeKalb patients who earn between 126 percent and 200
percent of the federal poverty guidelines can receive a 60 percent discount on
their bill.

Patients from other counties, with similar finances, can receive a 30 percent
discount on their bill.

In addition, Fulton and DeKalb residents earning 125 percent or less of the
poverty guidelines --- or $13,000 for one person annually --- would continue to
receive free care. Those in other counties would receive up to a 50 percent
discount.

For high-cost procedures, the plan would provide limits on the amount a person
could be charged, depending on their finances.

Grady Coalition members say they have long worried that the new hospital
administration would limit care for needy people. While this plan does not
contain service cuts, advocates say it would effectively shut some people out of
receiving care.

Grady serves many poor people in the Atlanta area. Through the years, patient
advocates have been particularly sensitive to prospective cuts and changes to
services, sometimes holding protests against proposals.

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Grady CEO Michael Young says the hospital won't deny care to
those in need./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           October 13, 2005 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Officials Say Too-Specific Tip Cast Doubt on Terror Threat

BYLINE: By WILLIAM K. RASHBAUM and DOUGLAS JEHL

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 549 words


Two counterterrorism officials in Washington said yesterday that they had been
skeptical about the information about a possible terrorist attack on New York
City subways for one of the very reasons city officials had said they were
concerned: because it was so specific.

The Washington officials said the information, provided by a Defense
Intelligence Agency source in Iraq, was discounted early on by C.I.A. and F.B.I.
analysts partly because it was so specific on the timing, the number of people
involved and other issues. The officials, who spoke on the condition of
anonymity because much about the possible threat is classified, said the level
of detail was inconsistent with what informants usually provide in terror cases.

''Typically, threat information isn't nearly as specific,'' one official said.
''It is scanty and threadbare; this wasn't.''

The view that the information should be discounted was included in reports that
were shared with the Joint Terrorist Task Force in New York, which includes
F.B.I. and New York police investigators, before Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg and
Police Commissioner Raymond W. Kelly increased subway security and announced the
possible threat last Thursday.

But New York police officials said they had never seen such reports discounting
the information because of its specificity, and at least one senior F.B.I.
official took issue with that version of events. ''Nothing is discounted if it
can be investigated,'' said John Miller, an assistant director at the bureau and
the agency's chief spokesman. ''There was plenty to investigate here, and any
judgments about the veracity of the threat would not have been made until the
investigation is done.''

Mr. Miller said the investigation was at its busiest when the city made the
announcement about the possible threat. ''If we have all the specifics, we have
a mandate to run them down until it's either confirmed or washed out,'' Mr.
Miller said.

A city police spokesman, Paul J. Browne, said: ''Usually, they caution the
information is too vague; now it's too specific? This is bordering on the
absurd.''

Security was rolled back after four days and officials said the threat was
unfounded, though officials have said it remains unclear whether the Defense
Intelligence Agency source had fabricated the possible threat or believed the
information to be true. The source was being sought by intelligence authorities.

The differing accounts represented some of the most particular back and forth on
a question that has hung over the entire episode: Why all the agencies -- from
the C.I.A. and other intelligence agencies to Homeland Security, the F.B.I. and
the city's Police Department -- seemed unable to remain on the same page.

Officials have pointed to various reasons for the apparent disconnect between
the arms of government responsible for collecting, analyzing, investigating and
working to prepare for and prevent terror attacks, despite much-publicized
efforts to coordinate such efforts after 9/11.

Among them are the overlap between some agencies and the differing
responsibilities of others.

The office of the director of national intelligence intends to review the
matter, one official said, and Commissioner Kelly has said that Congress will
also examine the problems.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             April 2, 2009 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

steals + deals

BYLINE: John Ewoldt, Staff Writer

SECTION: VARIETY; steals + deals; Pg. 8E

LENGTH: 553 words


Golf deals

Start the golf season with discounts. Save 50 percent at
Minngolf.halfoffdeals.com or call 952-417-3031 for information. Eleven courses
or golf centers in the Twin Cities are included in the list. Most of the $50
certificates sell for $25. The discount applies only to greens fees, not the
19th hole. Liquor usually is excluded. Other caveats: No cash back and only one
certificate per visit at most courses.

The Midwest golf pass ($35) entitles users to reduced or free greens fees in
Minnesota and Iowa, as well as at a few courses in Wisconsin and South Dakota.
The pass is valid for the entire 2009 season. More than 400 courses in the Upper
Midwest participate, including nearly 30 in the Twin Cities area. Proceeds
benefit the American Cancer Society. Call 1-800-227-2345 to order or Google
"Midwest Golf Pass."

A pet microchip for less

Ease some of the trauma of your pet running away from home by having a microchip
implanted under the skin between the shoulder blades. Each chip, about the size
of a grain of rice, has a number with your contact information. Should your cat
or dog become lost, the number can be accessed by vets and animal shelters. Some
veterinary offices charge as much as $85 to implant a microchip in your pet, but
the Animal Humane Society (763-522-4325) does implants for $40 once a month,
which includes the $12 registration fee. For more information, go to
www.animalhumanesociety.org/services/chipandnail. Locations include Buffalo,
Coon Rapids, Golden Valley, St. Paul and Woodbury. Nail trims are $12 during the
events, although Petco's regular price is $10 for a mani/pedi.

A trio of sales

The Canterbury Craft Sale runs Friday through Sunday (www.canterburypark. com),
but if you're in Shakopee, check out two more sales. Maggie and Mary's dry
gourmet soups, cheese ball, dip and smoothie mixes and gift packs are discounted
40 to 50 percent. Only cash and checks are accepted at the North Aire Market
sale (689 Canterbury Rd., Shakopee, 952-496-2887). The sale runs through
Saturday.

The Gage & Gage gift wrapping sale (660 Industrial Circle, Shakopee,
952-233-2081) includes bows (25 cents or less), boxes (25 cents to $2), gift
bags (50 cents to $2) plus ribbon, tissue and wrapping paper, all discounted 40
to 90 percent through Sunday. This sale also includes a variety of discounted
paper plates and napkins with licensed characters such as Spider-Man, Batman,
X-Men, Power Rangers and Polly Pocket.

Follow-up on major appliances

In my March 17 Dollars & Sense column about saving money on major appliances, I
mentioned checking Consumer Reports for manufacturer reliability. Reader Mary
said that she trusts Consumer Reports' ratings to a point, but she also checks
ConsumerAffairs.com. It's a consumer-driven site that posts advice and anecdotes
about products and services, including a longer-term history of appliances'
records than Consumer Reports provides. Her recommendation is to combine
Consumer Reports with ConsumerAffairs.com. Several readers also suggested that
if you have a Minnesota library card and a PIN, you can access databases such as
Consumer Reports free (except for the most recent three months), saving a trip
to the library.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or jewoldt@startribune.com If you spot a deal, share
it at www.startribune.com/blogs/dealspotter.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                            January 16, 2011 Sunday

MediaOne New England launches 'Deal of the Day' through e-mail

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: BUSINESS

LENGTH: 240 words


LOWELL -- MediaOne New England has launched a new "Deal of the Day" program.
Users can sign up to receive daily e-mail notification of local products, events
and services discounted up to 80 percent off retail price. The first deal
launched Dec. 8.

Deals include cosmetic dermatology services discounted more than 50 percent,
restaurant dining, oil changes and family four-pack tickets for activities in
and around Middlesex County and Southern New Hampshire.

"People in Greater Lowell love a good deal and SunDailyDeals provides a unique
opportunity to save money while supporting local businesses," Andrea Mendes,
digital media sales manager at MediaOne New England. "Local businesses are
excited to participate as they value the opportunity to reach the local consumer
in a new and exciting way. In addition, the promotion to over 150,000 readers of
the newspapers and its websites in our portfolio of print & digital products
provide greater value than any other group buying program that has been offered
in other areas."

Sign up on www.SunDailyDeals.com to learn more about upcoming deals and to
register to receive daily notification of money-saving local offers.

MediaOne New England serves the Merrimack and Nashoba valleys, North Central
Massachusetts and Southern New Hampshire through a network of print, digital,
mobile and targeted publications including The Sun, Sentinel & Enterprise,
Nashoba Publishing, Lowellsun.com and more.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 27, 2016 Wednesday

Carroll delegate proposes changes on state furniture sales

BYLINE: Heather Norris, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


Jan. 27--A bill that is sponsored by a Carroll County delegate and would
restrict deeply discounted sales of Government House furnishings to outgoing
governors will be heard Wednesday in Annapolis.

"Apparently, unbeknownst to me, this has been a long-standing practice," Del.
Haven Shoemaker said about the practice of allowing outgoing governors to
purchase Government House furniture for steep discounts. "I just don't think
it's good government."

The impetus for the legislation, said Shoemaker, R-District 5, was the news last
year that former Gov. Martin O'Malley had purchased several pieces of furniture
from the state at severely discounted prices.

O'Malley, a Democrat, paid $9,638 for furniture that the state originally bought
for $62,000, according to The Baltimore Sun. The furniture was made available
for purchase by O'Malley after the Department of General Services deemed it to
be unneeded surplus.

Current Gov. Larry Hogan, a Republican, has been vocal in his criticism of the
furniture sale.

"Some folks are going to deem this to be a partisan attack," Shoemaker said.
"[But] the bottom line is, I'm trying to seek transparency through this and,
really, just good government."

House Bill 5, which Shoemaker pre-filed in the fall, calls for an approval to be
made by the Government House Trust before an item can be deemed excess property.
The trust, which oversees the renovation, design and furnishing of the house,
would also be responsible for disposing of the property.

The bill would also forbid a current or former governor from acquiring an item
before that item is placed on auction and made available to the general public
for bidding.

Currently, the Department of General Services, or DGS, determines when
furnishings at the Government House, where the governor resides, is no longer of
use. Once an item is deemed surplus, the secretary of the DGS, who is a member
of the governor's executive cabinet, has multiple options. If the furniture
cannot be transferred to a different unit of state government, the secretary is
instructed by state law to seek the maximum value possible for the state.

___ (c)2016 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160127-WX-Carroll-delegate-proposes-changes-on-state-furniture-sales-0127-2016
0127

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2016 Carroll County Times


                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           October 1, 2008 Wednesday
                                  Mich Edition

HEALTH BRIEFS

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 654 words


Discounted flu, pneumonia shots

MICHIGAN CITY - The Visiting Nurses Association of LaPorte Regional Health
System is offering discounted flu and pneumonia vaccinations at the walk-in
clinic, 901 S. Woodland Ave., Michigan City. The flu shots are $28; pneumonia
shots are $40. The vaccinations are available from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. CDT
weekdays.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention recommends flu vaccinations
especially for children ages 5 and older, pregnant women, healthcare workers and
caregivers, people age 50 or over, anyone with certain chronic medical
conditions and anyone living in a nursing home or other long-term care facility.

For more information, call (800) 822-5378 or visit www.laportehealth.org.

Support group for heart disease

GOSHEN - The next meeting of the Congestive Heart Failure Support Group is 10 to
11 a.m. Oct. 9 at the Greencroft Senior Center, 1820 Greencroft Blvd.

The group offers the opportunity for people with congestive heart failure and
their families to share common experiences and concerns. Additionally, invited
speakers can respond to specific concerns.

The group, co-sponsored by Goshen General Hospital and Greencroft Retirement
Communities, meets on the second Thursday of each month.

For more information, contact Goshen General Hospital's clinical nurse
specialist Peggy Rupp Wysong at (574) 535-2871.

Women's health fair scheduled

MICHIGAN CITY - The seventh annual Women's Fair will be held from 2 to 7 p.m.
CDT Oct. 14 at the Blue Chip Conference Center in Michigan City.

The fair, the largest women's event in LaPorte County, is free and open to the
public.

Along with information booths and health products, the fair will feature free
health screenings, presentations and interactive exercise demonstrations.

For more information, contact Bonny Hildebrand, community relations specialist
for LaPorte Regional Health Systems, at (219) 326-2476, or (800) 235-6204 ext.
2476; or www.laportehealth.org.

Mental function classes to begin

SOUTH BEND - Research study/classes begin soon on mental function.

Research into the way the brain works, including dealing with stress, humor,
optimism and memory, run as three courses once a week for about six weeks. The
classes will offer discussion, instruction and interactive experiences.

You may be eligible to participate in the study if you have not been diagnosed
with Alzheimer's disease or other dementia, and if you are available to attend
all assigned classes. Research participants will receive free study materials
and there is no charge for the classes. Those not eligible or not choosing to
participate in the research may still attend the classes, but at a fee of $149
for study materials.

Classes on stress and relaxation run from 6 to 8:30 p.m. Tuesdays; 1-3:30 p.m.
or 6 to 8:30 p.m. Wednesdays from early November through mid-December. Classes
on exercising your brain begin at the end of October and run through mid-
December, from 1 to 3 p.m. Thursdays. And the course on memory and forgetfulness
runs from 1 to 3:30 p.m. Tuesdays from early November through mid-December.

Space is limited in the classes. Call (574) 647-6628 for more information.

Help for stutterers available on video

A video designed to help school-age children who stutter is available through
the St. Joseph County Public Library system.

"Therapy in Action: The School-age Child Who Stutters," a 38-minute video/DVD,
can help speech-language pathologists deal with stuttering in their clients, and
can help parents and teachers as well. The video features students from first
through sixth grade who talk about their experiences with stuttering, and five
speech-language pathologists who answer questions about stuttering, refute myths
and misconceptions, and present examples of therapy sessions that show
stuttering can be reduced.

For more information, contact the Stuttering Foundation at (800) 992-9392 or
www.stutteringhelp.org.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                               May 1, 2011 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Coming and going: Mexican trouble spots, airline happy hour and moreComing and
going: Mexican trouble spots, airline happy hour and more

BYLINE: Andrea Sachs

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F03

LENGTH: 620 words

Coming & Going

Mexican trouble spots, airline happy hour and more

More drama in Mexico

The State Department's warnings about Mexico are beginning to sound like
narco-novelas. Late last month, the agency added a new chapter to this sad and
dramatic tale.

In its latest warning (travel.state.gov/travel/cis_pa_tw/tw/tw_5440.html), the
department adds to the growing list of dangerous areas American travelers should
avoid south of the border. (Note to State: For a visual tool, how about creating
a map with the risky sections shaded in? Could be useful for vacation planners.)

New appearances on the list include Puerto Penasco, known among spring breakers
and beachgoers as Rocky Point; Nogales, which borders the Arizona town of the
same name; Acapulco, the legendary party town; Cuernavaca, a Spanish-language
learning center; the state of Michoacan, including the areas around the capital
of Morelia and the butterfly sanctuaries; and Mazatlan, which some cruise ships
recently dropped from their itineraries.

The agency does assert that "millions of U.S. citizens safely visit Mexico each
year, including more than 150,000 who cross the border every day for study,
tourism or business and at least one million U.S. citizens who live in Mexico."
Stay tuned for more "Danger! Danger! Mexico."

Happy (hiccup) flying

Starting today, American Airlines becomes the toast of the skies with the return
of its 5@5 Happy Hour. The promotion, which runs through May, offers passengers
cocktails, wine and beer for $5 on American or American Eagle domestic flights
departing between 5 and 5:59 p.m. The discounted drinks are served on flights
within the continental United States and to/from Hawaii, Alaska, Canada, Mexico
and the Caribbean.

Tripping on Overstock

The e-dumping ground for refurbished vacuum cleaners, pea green purses and other
discounted consumer goodies is adding travel to its offerings. Last week,
Overstock.com introduced Overstock Vacations. Users can expect to find 30 to 40
travel deals per viewing. Offerings include four nights in September at the
Mamaison Hotel Riverside Prague for $291 per person double, two nights in August
at the Hilton Boston Back Bay for $193 and three nights in August at the Cork
Hotel in Lancaster, Pa., for $174.

But are these good deals? A room at the Mamaison normally starts at $160 a
night; the Hilton goes for $269; and the Cork for $139. However, Overstock bases
its rates on two travelers. So when planning your trip, double the listed price
or search for a companion deal.

Don't-fly-these zone

Some airlines just make CoGo want to stay home and hide under the covers.
Specifically, those 250 carriers blacklisted by the European Commission Mobility
and Transport. The updated report (ec.europa.eu/transport/air-ban/list_en.htm)
provides the names of airlines that fail to uphold the EU's safety standards and
are therefore banned from landing on European soil.

The countries with the largest number of perpetrators include Indonesia,
Kazakhstan and the Philippines, plus many African nations. Too bad, because CoGo
would love an eyeshade with Zest Airways (Philippines) or Air Rum (Sierra Leone)
printed on it to wear over our forehead.

Travel ticker

Greyhound Express is expanding with nonstop service from Washington to New York.
The bus company will offer eight daily round-trips starting May 10. Starting
fare is $1 one way. Info: www.greyhound.com/express. . . BWI Marshall has
unveiled eight electric-vehicle charging stations, part of a state plan to
install 65 chargers in the Baltimore-Washington metro area by June.

Andrea Sachs

Help feed CoGo. Send travel news to: cogo@washpost.com By mail: CoGo, Washington
Post Travel Section, 1150 15th St. NW, Washington, D.C. 20071.

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 16, 2015 Friday

Washington: United States Settles with Pitney Bowes Presort Services for
Underpaying Postage Owed to U.S. Postal Service

LENGTH: 370 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: U.S Department of Justice has issued the following news release:



 The Department of Justice announced today that Pitney Bowes Presort Services
Inc. (Pitney Bowes) has agreed to pay the United States $9.4 million to resolve
allegations that it underpaid postage for mail processed at its Reading,
Pennsylvania, facility by claiming discounts to which it was not entitled.
Pitney Bowes, which is based in Omaha, Nebraska, helps prepare mailings for
large mailers by, among other things, gathering, sorting and presenting the mail
to the U.S. Postal Service.





 &ldquo;Those who obtain government benefits are expected to comply with the
terms of those benefits,&rdquo; said Principal Deputy Assistant Attorney General
Benjamin C. Mizer, head of the Justice Department's Civil Division.  &ldquo;This
settlement demonstrates that there will be consequences for those who do not
live up to their obligations.&rdquo;



 The settlement announced today resolves allegations that Pitney Bowes claimed
discounted postage rates for mail that failed to comply with the Move Update
standard, which requires that mail be updated with change-of-address information
provided by the Postal Service.  Pitney Bowes was obligated to ensure that mail
it submitted on behalf of its customers at discounted postage rates complied
with Move Update, by either updating addresses on the mail directly or having
its customers perform the updates.  The Postal Service offered lower postage
rates to Pitney Bowes for complying with Move Update and other requirements.



 &ldquo;When mailers don't adhere to Move Update standards it negatively affects
the entire mailing community,&rdquo; said Inspector in Charge David W. Bosch of
the U.S. Postal Inspection Service's (USPIS) Philadelphia Division.  &ldquo;The
U.S. Postal Inspection Service will continue to investigate mailers who fail to
comply with postal regulations.&rdquo;



 This matter was jointly investigated by USPIS and the Civil Division's
Commercial Litigation Branch.  The claims settled in this case are allegations
only, and there has been no determination of liability.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              June 30, 2014 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Sale Insider by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 377 words


Zip over to Z Modern

July 3 is the first day of Z Modern's moving sale. Shoppers will find a showcase
of contemporary and vintage furnishings and accessories, discounted 25 to 75
percent to get ready for an end of month move to a smaller showroom. Pieces by
designers Herman Miller, Droog, Design House, Kartell, Indo Mauer and several
others are included. Discounts will increase closer to the end of the month.
Hours are noon to 6 p.m. daily (except July 4) through July 26. Some nights will
have extended hours based on customer traffic. Items on the website or special
orders are not included. 1132 N. Speer Blvd., 303 298 8432, zmodern.com

A paper caper

The Papery has reduced its entire store inventory 25 percent in July for its
annual "Sale of the Year." Several items are marked down 50 percent. The Happy
Canyon Shopping Center boutique carries an assortment of cards, gift bags,
ribbons, stationery and gifts. Hours are 9:30 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday through
Friday, 9:30 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and 11 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sunday. 5052 E.
Hampden Ave., 303 744 1642, thepaperydenver.com

In hot pursuit

South Suburban Parks and Recreation's annual Firecracker Sale offering patrons
"More Bang for Your Buck" continues through July 6. Monthly and annual passes
and personal training sessions are discounted 10 percent. The savings also
applies to drop in fitness classes, massages and beauty treatments including
facials. Discounted passes can be purchased at Goodson Recreation Center, 6315
S. University Blvd. in Centennial, Buck Recreation Center, 2004 W. Powers Ave.
in Littleton and the Lone Tree Recreation Center, 10249 Ridgegate Circle in Lone
Tree and a handful of outdoor pools. Call or visit the website for details. 303
347 5999, sspr.org

Free days this week

June 30: Denver Museum 0f Nature & Science, dmns.org

July 1: Children's Museum of Denver, 4 8 p.m., mychildsmuseum.org

July 2: Clyfford Still Museum for residents of Boulder County,
clyffordstillmuseum.org

July 5: Denver Art Museum, denverartmuseum.org

Each Monday, "Sale Insider" gives shoppers the inside scoop on store discounts
and bargain events. Preference is given to retailers and events that have not
been listed recently. To include a sale, e mail living@denverpost.com 10 14 days
in advance.

LOAD-DATE: July 03, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                  The National

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Jordan website attracts $5m in funding

LENGTH: 385  words


Jordan-based e-commerce site MarkaVIP reports $5 million in funding from US
investors.

A retail website based in Jordan has attracted US$5 million (Dh18.3m) in funding
from US investors and says it will use the cash to expand its user base in the
Gulf.

MarkaVIP, which specialises in discounted clothing, said it received the funding
in a deal led by Lumia Capital, along with Invus Financial Advisors.

The membership-based website offers discounted clothing from brands such as
Calvin Klein, Cartier and Gucci.

It also sells accessories and some electronic goods.

Ahmed Alkhatib, the founder and chief executive of MarkaVIP, said the company
would use the funding to expand in the region.

"It's going to allow us to aggressively expand our users," he said.

"Right now we have 800,000 users. We'd like to get to 2 [million] or 3 million
over the next year. We're going to go aggressively after partnerships and
affiliate deals with other sites."

The site currently has distribution centres in Dubai, Lebanon and Jordan, with
another set to open in Turkey soon.

Mr Alkhatib said the company was also considering building a distribution centre
in Saudi Arabia.

"We also plan to expand our operations in the GCC," he said. "We need to be
where our customers are."

The website sets a time limit on deals. Some of the clothes it sells are sourced
from the excess inventory of big-name brands.

Mr Alkhatib said the site's revenues were in the "seven figures in dollar terms
on a monthly basis".

Experts estimate revenues to be in the region of US$3 million (Dh11m) a month,
and its top markets are Saudi Arabia, followed by Jordan and the UAE. MarkaVIP
was launched in November last year in Jordan, a country Mr Alkhatib called "the
Silicon Valley of the Middle East".

The Maktoob portal, which was acquired by the US giant Yahoo for $164m in 2009,
was also founded in Jordan.

Mr Alkhatib said MarkaVIP had already received the $5m in funding. He declined
to specify the equity stake the funding partners would receive.

He said the deal "validates" the company's business model. "It makes it much
easier for us ... to seek additional funding if we needed it."

Lumia, which is based in Silicon Valley in California, and Invus, which operates
from New York City, did not immediately respond to a request for comment.

bflanagan@thenational.ae

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 818


                     Copyright 2011 Abu Dhabi Media Company
                         Syndigate.info, Al bawaba.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

Postal cuts to raise costs for schools, nonprofits;
Besides 400 jobs lost at Fifth Street center, at least 100 more could go.;
In-depth coverage Local economy

BYLINE: By Steve Bennish

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 571 words


Susan Groves of Yeck Brothers sorts bulk mail at the Moraine mailing house that
handles large volumes of mail for nonprofit private businesses. STAFF PHOTO BY
CHRIS STEWART

The ripple effects from closing the U.S. Postal Service processing center here
could be the loss of 100 or more jobs beyond the 400 unionized federal employees
at the downtown facility, businesses say.

And the closure would slap significant extra costs on nonprofits including
schools, universities, and arts organizations that use the facility for
discounted direct mail rates.

They get the rates because their bulk mail is dropped off directly at a
processing facility.

If Dayton's facility and a similar installation in Cincinnati close, local
nonprofits would likely have to have their bulk mailings trucked 76 miles from
Dayton to Columbus to receive the discounted rates.

If they don't, costs to mail hundreds of thousands of newsletters, solicitations
and updates would jump by $15,000 to $20,000 or more annually for major
organizations such as the Victoria Theatre.

The extra job losses that could occur would be those employees at local private
mail processing businesses - known as mailing houses - that serve local and
national nonprofits by preparing mailings.

Those businesses, which include about a dozen locally, handle creative work,
printing, addressing, delivering to the post office and maintaining databases of
addresses.

Business reps say Columbus mail houses would be among those to get an immediate
competitive edge with downsized postal service and Ohio mail processing
concentrated in only two USPS centers - Columbus and Cleveland.
Two-hundred-and-fifty-two processing plants are being studied for closure
nationwide, leaving 200 to absorb the extra loads. In Ohio, closures are
proposed in Akron, Athens, Canton, Chillicothe, Cincinnati, Dayton,
Steubenville, Toledo and Youngstown.

Christine Soward, president of Dayton Mailing Services at 100 S. Keowee St.,
Dayton, notes the business employs 55 full-timers and has 1,000 customers. By
handling 1 million pieces of mail weekly, Dayton Mailing is one of the largest
mail houses in the area.

"We are trying to figure out solutions for a workaround," she said. "We don't
want that business to go away - it would be devastating."

A U.S. Postal Service study said it would cut an estimated $14 million annually
from its budget by moving Dayton's 400-employee mail processing operation from
East Fifth Street to a Columbus facility in 2012 or 2013.

Moving the mail processing center would also likely delay some mail delivery in
Dayton by a day, USPS said. A final decision is expected next year, said David
Van Allen, a USPS spokesman based in Cleveland.

Sue Stevens, vice president for marketing for Victoria Theatre, works with a
$900,000 annual show marketing budget and oversees 400,000 to 500,000 pieces of
mail annually.

She figures a potential financial hit of $15,000 per year with the loss of
direct drop-off at the Dayton facility.

"The extra cost would definitely be a burden," she said. "We'd have to scale
back what we do. We would have to take money from another part of the budget. In
these economic times, that is not easy to do."

Sherry Hang, director of marketing for mail house Yeck Brothers Co., 2222 Arbor
Blvd., Moraine, sees a direct private employment threat from the USPS
cost-cutting.

"How big is that economy in Dayton? It's more than 400 postal employees," Hang
said.

LOAD-DATE: January 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 15, 2012 Thursday

Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash., Strictly Business column

BYLINE: Vicki Hillhouse, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 675 words


March 15--The U.S. Treasury Department plans to sell its stake in Walla
Walla-based Banner Corp. in an auction this month, according to a report from
Bloomberg.

Banner preferred stock was acquired by the Treasury Department through the
Troubled Asset Relief Program during the financial crisis.

Preferred stock in Banner and five other banks also acquired during that period
will be sold at public auctions on or about March 26, Bloomberg reported.

A modified Dutch auction methodology reportedly will be used during the sale.
The auctions will also include the department's stakes in First Financial
Holdings Inc. of Charleston, S.C.; MainSource Financial Group Inc. of
Greensburg, Ind.; Seacoast Banking Corp. of Stuart, Fla.; Wilshire Bancorp Inc.
of L.A.; and WSFS Financial Corp. of Wilmington, Del. Houlihan Lokey Capital
Inc. is the Treasury's financial adviser on the transactions.

Have friends or family coming in from the Seattle area next month?

If they book a flight before Monday they could get a sweet deal from Alaska
Airlines.

The carrier is offering discounted flights from Seattle to Walla Walla between
April 8 and April 22. Some of them are as low as $69 one way if reservations are
made before Monday. The discounted prices will be in place during the fifth
annual Feast Walla Walla event downtown.

The airline also continues to waive fees for the first case of wine per
passenger brought back from Walla Walla on its flights. For more details, visit
alaskaair.com.

Roger Esparaza, a licensed real estate broker for Williams Team Homes, is
expanding his sales reach.

Esparza recently earned his Oregon Real Estate Brokers License. He is now
licensed to sell real estate in Washington and across the state line in Oregon.
He is based in the Walla Walla office at 126 E. Alder St.

Williams Team Homes also hangs its Oregon brokerage license on Highway 11 in
Milton-Freewater, according to the announcement. To reach Esparza, call
301-1575.

Abajian Toyota-Scion is revving up for baseball season.

The Walla Walla auto dealership has signed on as a founding partner of the Walla
Walla Sweets in an agreement that secures an exclusive relationship between the
team and the dealership, according to an announcement Wednesday.

As the exclusive auto partner, Abajian Toyota-Scion will have "dominant brand
throughout the ballpark." A new Abajian Guest Services booth is also being
constructed for the 2012 season just inside the gates at Borleske Stadium. The
booth is intended to reinforce the commitment to customer service -- both from
Abajian and the Sweets.

"It's wonderful to be such an integral part of bringing summer baseball back to
Borleske Stadium," said Gary Hanson, one of the owners of Abajian Toyota-Scion,
in a prepared statement. "Providing great family entertainment for our community
is something on which we place great value. Our relationship with the Sweets is
rewarding on many levels, and we are fortunate to have such a quality
organization representing our community. "

Other elements from the partnership will include the use of Abajian vehicles to
guide the Sweets floats through Walla Walla parades, as well as an official
Sweets truck for Sweet Lou to use pre-game. Increased signage, print and radio
pieces will also be seen and heard. The Sweets start the 2012 season June 1.

Walla Walla Clothing Co. is planning a Spring Extravaganza celebration this
weekend.

The downtown Walla Walla retailer will host a daylong sales event to kick off
spring.

The event runs 9 a.m.-5 p.m. Saturday at the store, 103 E. Main St. Drawings for
T-shirts and a pair of jeans will be part of the event, as will a gift for all
those who attend. A 10 percent discount will also be offered on all denim,
T-shirts and shoes. For more details, call 525-4783.

Strictly Business is a local business column. Vicki Hillhouse can be reached at
vickihillhouse@wwub.com or 526-8321.

___ (c)2012 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120315-UN-Walla-Walla-Union-Bulletin-Wash-Strictly-Business-column-0315-201203
15

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2012 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin


                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Medical Device Daily

                            February 23, 2004 Monday

HHS secretary rips hospitals for dealings with uninsured

LENGTH: 569 words


HHS secretary rips hospitals for dealings with uninsured

A Medical Device Daily Staff Report   In what Consejo De Latinos Unidos (Council
of United Latinos; Los Angeles, California) characterized as a "stinging rebuke
of the American Hospital Association's [AHA; Chicago, Illinois] notion that
federal regulations prevent hospitals from offering the uninsured universal
discounted pricing," Health and Human Services Secretary Tommy Thompson
dispatched a letter to AHA President Richard Davidson last Thursday saying that
hospitals can offer discounted rates to uninsured patients regardless of race,
ethnicity or income.

Thompson wrote, "Nothing in the Medicare program rules or regulations prohibit
such discounts."

The letter from Thompson reportedly was in response to a letter that Davidson
had written Thompson in December. That letter was said to express hospitals'
fears that by offering uninsured discounts, they are vulnerable to federal
prosecution by potentially breaking federal rules that discourage hospitals from
reducing such charges.

Thompson also suggested that Davidson lead the association's member hospitals in
action "to assist the uninsured and underinsured."

"Hospitals' charging the uninsured the highest rates is a serious issue that
demands all of our attention," Thompson wrote, pointing out that Medicare and
Medicaid have a "long history" of doing their part to help the uninsured by
paying hospitals $22 billion each year to help cover the cost of caring for the
poor and uninsured.

"In addition, although Medicare beneficiaries are not uninsured, Medicare pays
hospitals approximately $1 billion a year to compensate them for bad debt
associated with serving Medicare clients," Thompson wrote. "Your letter suggests
that HHS regulations require hospitals to bill all patients using the same
schedule of charges and suggests that as a result, the uninsured are forced to
pay 'full price' for their care. That suggestion is not correct and certainly
does not accurately reflect my policy."

K.B. Forbes, executive director of the Consejo De Latinos Unidos, said, "Like
the segregationist in the 1950s who hid behind Jim Crow laws to justify their
egregious and immoral behavior, some hospitals have attempted to hide behind
phantom regulations to justify their egregious and immoral conduct. Secretary
Thompson has demonstrated unwavering leadership and deep compassion for the
uninsured, many who happen to be minorities, by removing those bogus barriers
established by greedy hospitals."

Forbes added, "Although at times we were tough on the secretary, we can say that
Tommy Thompson is a true friend of the Hispanic community. One in three Latinos
is uninsured and his letter today sets the record straight. Price gouging must
come to an ugly end."

Forbes called on hospitals around the country to immediately halt all legal
action against uninsured, self-pay patients for a six- month period and
encouraged the immediate implementation of a universal discounted pricing
structure for all uninsured patients.

"Hospitals can charge Medicare rates plus a percentage or offer the same
discounted managed care rates to the uninsured as they do to the insured."
Forbes said.

The Consejo said it has written four investigative reports on hospital
price-gouging in the last three years. This past summer, the U.S. Energy and
Commerce Committee launched a probe into the question.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter


                          Copyright 2004 AHC Media LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                           Six Sky Discounted Flights

                         1735 Market Street Suite 3750
                            Philadelphia,  PA 19103
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (215) 717-7090
URL: www.sixsky.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 175

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   The Six Sky Company was founded in 2007 and specializes in finding discounted
business and first class flights. It operates within the jurisdiction of the
U.S. and has several headquarters including in the USA, Eastern Europe and
Cyprus and offers services to clients all over the world.  The Six Sky Company
does not operate as a seller but acts as an intermediary agent in buying and
selling of discounted business and first class tickets or frequent flyer points.
Additional services, including the finding for favorable rates and route
optimization, are free of charge. Frequent flyers can enjoy the benefits of our
loyalty program, which you can learn more about by asking your agent. The
company does not deal with hotel bookings or provide travel offers.  We are not
able to provide a cheap economy seat, and we don't deal with low-cost airways.
For our clients we choose only regular flights provided by the best and
well-known airline companies. Saving money is easy and you can experience it
yourselves that by leaving the request on our web-site or by contacting our
call-center.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 35,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   January 21, 1993, Thursday, Final Edition

Where to Find Designer Fabrics

SECTION: HOME; PAGE T15

LENGTH: 724 words


Washington consumers have a choice of sources for designer fabrics by the yard.
Retail offerings include stores specializing in high-end textiles, sometimes at
discounted prices. Some shops are known for manufacturers' overstocks,
discontinued designs or fabric seconds.

Here are highlights of a list compiled by Jura Koncius, based on recommendations
from designers and fashion savvy consumers.

Sources recommend that shoppers bring carpet and wallpaper samples or upholstery
arm sleeves if trying to make a match. Most stores have trained salespeople who
can advise on fabric appropriateness for upholstery, on color matching or on
yardage requirements. These stores offer custom workrooms that will make window
treatments and other items. Most offer in-home consultations.

Calico Corners, 5401 Nicholson Lane, Rockville; and 6400 Williamsburg Blvd.,
Arlington. For more than 40 years, Calico Corners shops have been discounting
designer fabrics for the home. The chain now operates in 70 locations across the
country. Thirty percent of the fabrics are first quality and have a white
ticket. Most are priced at $ 13 to $ 27 a yard. Yellow tickets indicate seconds,
which have what the store calls "minor imperfections" and are $ 8 to $ 20.

Dannemann Fabrics, five area locations. This national chain has hundreds of
bolts of home fabrics in stock. Stores also have a seconds department, where the
fabrics are sold at discount. Cottons usually range from $ 7 to $ 30 a yard.

Discount Fabrics, 4745 Lee Hwy., Arlington. First-quality fabrics are discounted
. Most chintzes range from $ 10 to $ 14 per yard. Designer fabric books are also
available.

G Street Fabrics, 11854 Rockville Pike, Rockville. For 50 years, this shop has
given Washingtonians a varied mix of upholstery fabrics, cottons and wovens from
local mills and European ones, as well as couture-quality remnants from Seventh
Avenue workrooms. Many are discounted. The store's basic cottons are $ 14 to $
20 per yard.

Arnold W. Hurt Fabric Centers, 20921 Davenport Dr., Suite No. 111, Sterling,
Va.; and 105 Hillsmere Dr., Annapolis. Arnold W. Hurt has been in business since
the 1950s. It has always specialized in discounted fabrics from major mills.
Some are discontinued or overstock bolts. Cottons generally range from $ 4 to $
16 a yard.

Little Caledonia, 1419 Wisconsin Ave. NW. For more than 50 years, Georgetowners
have gone to Little Caledonia to buy designer fabrics for their town houses.
Although the shop does not discount, it is a source of some top-of-the-line
fabrics. Upholstery fabrics and chintzes and others also are available on bolts,
with cottons mainly from $ 12 to $ 26 per yard.

Living Well, etc., 5232 44th St. NW. This small design atelier keeps a select
stock of designer on-the-bolt fabrics in the retail shop. The fabrics tend to be
high-end chintzes discounted to sell at $ 12 to $ 45 per yard. Lots of designer
fabric samples and books available as well.

Market Square, 202 King St., Alexandria. Opened in 1952 in Old Town, Market
Square sells only first-quality, current fabrics. More than 400 bolts are kept
in stock, many of which are cottons ranging from $ 12 to $ 15 per yard. The shop
carries sample books from many major fabric houses.

Mill-End Shops, eight area locations. Started in 1933 as a place to buy
inexpensive end-of-bolt remnants downtown on F Street, the chain now carries
first-quality decorator fabrics from major mills. Fabrics are discounted.
Cottons are priced at $ 12 to $ 30. Two Mill-End Shops, in Annapolis and Dale
City, also sell remnants or overstocks from major mills.

Persnickety, Fair Oaks Mall, Tysons Corner Center and Wildwood Shopping Center.
This store has offered first-quality designer fabrics for the home for more than
10 years. In stock are 125 fabrics at discount prices, with cottons from $ 14 to
$ 16 per yard. Rockville Interiors and Fabrics, 4 W. Middle Lane, Rockville.
This store has more than 1,000 fabrics in stock, and designer fabric books to
order from. Only first-quality fabrics are sold at a discount. Cottons range
from $ 7.50 to $ 25.

The Second Yard, 105 N. Alfred St., Alexandria. This shop has a large selection
of chintzes (most at $ 7 to $ 15) as well as tapestries, sateens and upholstery
fabrics. Prices are discounted and a few seconds are available.


LOAD-DATE: October 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, COTTAGE CONSERVATIVE; PHOTO, DICK SWANSON

TYPE: FEATURE

                       Copyright 1993 The Washington Post
