



Download Request: Select Items: 501-999
Time Of Request: Wednesday, March 08, 2017  15:49:11 EST
Send To:

MEGADEAL, ACADEMIC UNIVERSE
NORTH CAROLINA STATE UNIVERSITY-RALEIGH
LIBRARY
RALEIGH, NC


Terms: (discounted USA)


Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Combined Source: Company Profiles and Directories;US Law Reviews and Journals,
Combined;Federal & State Court Cases - After 1944, Combined;Newspaper Stories,
Combined Papers
Project ID:



                              501 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                             August 7, 2009 Friday

The Daily Record News Briefs: August 7, 2009

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff and Wire Reports

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 287  words


TRU Yoga re-opens

TRU Yoga re-opened its studio in Rochester's South Wedge Neighborhood on
Thursday.

To celebrate its grand opening at 131 Gregory St., the studio held a $5
"Community Power Yoga Class" followed by a reception, Thursday evening.

Owner Michael Insel assumed operation of TRU Yoga from its previous operators in
January. The business employees five instructors and Insel said he plans to
increase the number of discounted community classes offered.

The studio offers yoga and Pilates/yoga mix classes, seven days a week and
provides discounted community classes and classes for the women's groups at the
St. Joseph's Neighborhood Health Center.

"We believe a yoga studio complements the area's businesses and community
members," Insel said in a statement. "We offer services which are not otherwise
available and this particular site is ideal because the building owners were
very supportive of our vision. "

NYSBA: Release $5M for legal services

New York State Bar Association President Michael E. Getnick, of Getnick,
Livingston, Atkinson & Priore LLP in Utica, urged state senators to distribute
more than $5 million in civil legal services funding when it reconvened for a
special session Thursday.

"In the best of economic times, the need of low-income New Yorkers for civil
legal services has far outpaced available resources," Getnick's letter states.
"[F]unding ... remains critical in helping to address the increased needs in
today's economy. "

The money requested includes $4.4 million in the Department of State's budget
for legal services and $609,000 in the Division of Criminal Justice Services'
budget, both of which were approved as part of the fiscal 2009-2010 budget
adopted by the Legislature in April.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              502 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            August 10, 2004 Tuesday

CENTRAL TEXAS DIGEST

BYLINE: Compiled from staff reports

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 320 words


CONSULTING

PlanView signs agreement

Austin-based PlanView Inc. has reached a deal with PricewaterhouseCoopers LLP
that will take its project management software to a broader global market.

The agreement combines PlanView's ability to automate, analyze and repeat
project management activities with the consulting and auditing expertise at
Pricewaterhouse, the companies said.

The companies will jointly market their services to new and existing customers.

Pricewaterhouse offers consulting services designed to help companies better
manage their processes and risk.

PlanView's software automates some of those services, particularly those related
to a company's information technology programs.

PlanView, founded in 1989, has more than 350 customers in the United States and
Europe. It employs about 225 people, including about 180 in Austin. The company
expects to gain more worldwide exposure with Pricewaterhouse, one of the world's
largest accounting firms.

CONVENTIONS

Hispanic Chamber discounts

The U.S. Hispanic Chamber of Commerce has a discounted registration rate through
Sunday for its 25th annual convention that will be held in Austin Sept. 15-18.

Registration will be $100 less until the deadline for member, nonmember and
international attendees. Student registration will be discounted $35.

Individual event admissions also are discounted.

More than 6,000 people are expected for the convention at the Austin Convention
Center.

INSURANCE

Citizens Inc. posts profit

Citizens Inc. said it swung to a profit in the second quarter, making $885,000,
or 2 cents a share, compared with a loss of $34,000 in the same period of 2003.

Revenue for the insurance company fell from $43.2 million a year earlier to
$41.9 million, but costs fell enough to generate the profit. Citizens said the
revenue drop was associated with handing off its accident and health business to
another carrier.

Compiled from staff reports

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2004 The Austin American Statesman


                              503 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday

Point of origin a factor in setting airline prices

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 346 words


Q: I booked a round-trip business-class fare of $2,765 from Amsterdam to San
Francisco on KLM for my relatives. But when I checked fares from San Francisco
to Amsterdam for myself, they were more than $8,000. Can you explain the
difference? -- Paula Boswell, Danville

A: It's a matter of supply and demand. A spokesman for Northwest Airlines, which
is KLM's codeshare partner, said the sharp difference in fares can be attributed
to several factors ... among them a flight's point of origin, discounted (or
sale) fares and time of year.

KLM, for example, generally has no problem filling seats from San Francisco to
Amsterdam, but to stimulate sales in the opposite direction (when it has excess
seats), it will lower prices -- or put them on sale -- to entice consumers to
travel. It's also not unusual to offer discounted fares during less popular
times in order to fill seats.

As long as there is inventory, airlines will do what they can to sell seats. But
the closer you get to your departure date, the more likely it is that fares will
go up. This is because business travelers frequently have to fly with little or
no advance notice; tourists get cheaper fares, in many cases, because they
purchase well in advance.

Q: Any recommendations for Northern California camping with activities for
preteens? -- Barbara Van, San Jose

A One popular spot is Oceano Dunes State VehicleRecreation Area, south of Pismo
Beach and the only state park to permit driving on the beach.

Camping is allowed, too, and you can rent an all-terrain vehicle at any of
several places, or take a group ride in a Hummer. Kids love careening up and
down the sand dunes, and even horseback riding is available.

State beach parks are also a good bet: New Brighton and Seacliff in Santa Cruz
County and Bodega Dunes at Sonoma Coast State Beach. Bodega Dunes offers junior
ranger programs in the summer, and hiking and biking are usually available
nearby.

For more information on state parks, visit www.parks.ca.gov and click on "Find a
park."

Have a question? E-mail Michael Martinez at TravelQA@mercurynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              504 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             July 9, 2009 Thursday

This & That

BYLINE: This & That

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 402  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Deals

SAVE UP: The Hershey Harrisburg Regional Visitors Bureau has a new, free VIP
Passport to Savings coupon booklet with more than $500 worth of savings.

Offers include buy one, get one deals on attraction tickets, discounted meals at
local restaurants, a discounted rate offer and a free night promotion from
featured area hotels.

Request a copy through the "Deals" section of the HHRVB Web site,
HersheyHarrisburg.org

Family

FREE TREASURE: Escape the summer heat and head to the National Watch and Clock
Museum for a free movie and popcorn.

"Treasure Planet" will show Friday, July 24, at 6 p.m. Rated PG, the film runs
96 minutes.

Early attendance is suggested because seating is limited. For more information,
call director of education Katie Knaub at 684-8261 ext. 237.

Tours

GRETNA GLORIES: Tickets offering a 25 percent discount for the Aug. 1 Mount
Gretna Tour of Homes and Gardens are on sale throughout the area, online at
www.gretnamusic.org or by calling 361-1508.

The self-guided tour annually includes about ten homes, gardens and cottages,
many dating from the late 19th century.

Advance purchase tickets are $15. Tickets sold on the day of the tour (outside
the Mount Gretna Post Office and Mount Gretna Playhouse) are $20.

Proceeds benefit Music at Gretna.

Advance ticket sale locations in Lancaster County include: Stauffers Markets;
Elizabethtown: Lynden Gallery; Lancaster: Reifsnyder's Piano Co. and Yale
Electric Supply; Lititz: Tiger's Eye Fashion Accessories; Manheim: Shaub's Dry
Cleaners.

Quilts

PIECES OF KNOWLEDGE: Do you have an old quilt you would like to learn something
about? Bring it to the meeting of the Mount Joy Quilt Study Group 12:30 p.m.
Wednesday, July 15, at the Milanof-Schock Library, 1184 Anderson Ferry Road,
Mount Joy.

The members will be happy to share their knowledge of textiles with you and can
also give you an approximate date your quilt was made. No appraisals will be
given, but visitors are welcome to bring two quilts.

Photographs will be permitted only by permission from the quilt owner. White
cotton gloves will be available for those wishing to handle the quilts. No food
or beverages will be permitted at the meeting.

A pre-meeting brunch/lunch will be held at the Country Table restaurant at 11
a.m. Call Linda Harvey, 898-0188, to reserve a space for lunch, to indicate you
will be attending the quilt study group as well as the number of quilts you will
be bringing.

LOAD-DATE: July 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: File Photo

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              505 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily the Pak Banker

                           November 30, 2010 Tuesday

Demeure Announces Completion of Transaction to Acquire Ultimate Escapes' Assets

LENGTH: 441  words

DATELINE: Karachi


Karachi, Nov. 30 -- Demeure, a next generation travel community through which
members access the world's finest vacation homes at discounted rates and without
costly membership capital contributions or deposits, today announced that it has
completed the transaction to acquire certain assets from the estate of Ultimate
Escapes. This includes operational assets and staff, which will ensure a smooth
return to travel for all former Ultimate Escapes members who join the Demeure
community, in addition to properties in New York City, Chicago, Miami, and
California.

"We have completed a turnaround for former Ultimate Escapes members: we have
resumed travel in time for the holiday season, and have gone beyond that and
provided an opportunity for members to purchase homes in their portfolio," said
Peter Schwartz, Chairman and CEO of Demeure. "The entire team here at Demeure
looks forward to putting members' losses behind them, resuming regular club
operations, and providing incredible travel experiences within the Demeure
community."

Demeure, which provides individual attention to all members through its travel
planning services, offers access to a suite of unique travel benefits and
premium customer service at discounted rates to incredible properties throughout
the world.

Transition Benefits: Demeure is extending an exclusive invitation to
transitioning Ultimate Escapes members which includes the waiving of initiation
fees, the provision of goodwill travel credits to help offset dues recently lost
in the UE bankruptcy, and waiver of additional corporate and family account
fees. Demeure has extended this invitation to former UE members through December
3, 2010 in preparation for the resumption of regular travel services December 4,
2010.

Property Purchase Lottery: Former UE members will be participating in Demeure's
property purchase lottery on November 29, 2010, which will offer them an
opportunity to purchase properties in the former UE portfolio. As part of the
agreement with a successful purchase, members then make the homes available to
other Demeure Club members, which ultimately provides the member with fair
exchange credit, which can be used throughout the entire Demeure property
portfolio.

Demeure management and staff across North America are currently working with
hundreds of members through the transition process in preparation for the
resumption of travel and regular operations effective December 4, 2010.
Published by HT Syndication with permission from Daily Pak Banker. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              506 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             May 12, 2016 Thursday

Uber agrees on plan to form drivers' guild;
Ride-hailing company to allow organization in N.Y., but not a full union

BYLINE: NOAM SCHEIBER and MIKE ISAAC

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 932 words

ABSTRACT

The agreement with a New York association, Uber's latest attempt to ease
concerns about its labor model, establishes benefits for drivers.

FULL TEXT

Uber has announced an agreement with a prominent union to create an association
for drivers in New York that would establish a forum for regular dialogue and
afford them some limited benefits and protections but that would stop short of
unionization.

The association, which will be known as the Independent Drivers Guild and will
be affiliated with a regional branch of the International Association of
Machinists and Aerospace Workers union, is the first of its kind that Uber has
officially blessed, though Uber drivers have formed a number of unsanctioned
groups in cities across the country.

''We're happy to announce that we've successfully come to agreement with Uber to
represent the 35,000 drivers using Uber in New York City to enhance their
earning ability and benefits,'' said James Conigliaro Jr., the guild founder and
assistant director and general counsel at the International Association of
Machinists District 15, which represents workers in the Northeast.

The agreement, announced Tuesday, is Uber's latest attempt to assuage mounting
concerns from regulators and drivers' groups about the company's labor model,
which treats drivers as independent contractors. That model helps Uber keep its
labor costs low, but it excludes drivers from coverage by most labor and
employment laws, such as those that require a minimum wage and overtime.

That has spurred public disagreements, and many drivers have organized in
unofficial groups to gain more rights. The prospect of unionization has loomed
at times; lawmakers in Seattle voted last year to approve a bill allowing
drivers for Uber and other ride-hailing apps to form unions.

In response, Uber, which is based in San Francisco, has been striking deals to
tamp down the problems - with the proviso that the company be able to continue
classifying its drivers as contractors and stop short of allowing drivers to
unionize.

Last month, for example, Uber reached a settlement in a prominent class-action
lawsuit with drivers who had contested their contractor status. Under the
settlement, the company agreed to pay as much as $100 million and put less
pressure on drivers to accept all rides; drivers will, however, continue as
freelancers.

Uber faces other labor-related hurdles. Along with Lyft, a competing
ride-hailing service, the company withdrew operations this week from Austin,
Tex., after losing a battle with the City Council over the nature of its
background checks for drivers.

Under the terms of the deal in New York, which will be in effect for five years,
a group of drivers who are guild members will hold monthly meetings with Uber
management in the city, where they can raise issues of concern.

The drivers will be able to appeal decisions by Uber to bar them from its
platform and can have guild officials represent them in their appeals. In
addition, they will be able to buy discounted legal services, discounted life
and disability insurance and discounted roadside help for problems they
encounter while driving.

Yet unlike a traditional union, which contractors typically cannot form, guild
members will not be able to bargain over a contract with the company that would
stipulate fares, benefits and protections.

The machinists' union has also indicated that for the duration of the five-year
agreement, it will refrain from trying to unionize drivers, from encouraging
them to strike and from waging campaigns to have them recognized as employees,
rather than independent contractors.

''It's important to have immediate assistance in the industry and this is the
structure that provides that,'' said Mr. Conigliaro.

He emphasized, however, that drivers did not waive any labor rights by joining
the guild and that if Uber drivers were found to be employees at any point
during the agreement, the union could try to unionize the drivers at their
request.

Uber said the agreement would help smooth relationships with drivers, whose
frustrations have grown with recent fare cuts and policy changes.
''Communication is important,'' said David Plouffe, Uber's chief adviser. ''On
price cuts, we haven't always had the best forum to discuss and share data - how
price cuts work, what we see afterward.''

Mr. Plouffe said that as a result of discussions with drivers in certain parts
of the country, Uber had adopted a number of changes, like a pilot program to
charge riders when a driver has to wait for more than two minutes.

With the agreement, Uber also wins an ally in its effort to change the New York
State law that levies a nearly 9 percent tax on black car rides but that does
not apply to taxis. (There is a 50-cent surcharge on yellow taxi trips.) Uber
says the law unfairly singles out parts of its service. Under the terms of the
deal, the machinists union will help Uber lobby the State Legislature to treat
all hired vehicles equally.

Mr. Plouffe said the money likely to be saved from changing the law would flow
to drivers' bottom lines, and some of it would be used to help set up a benefits
fund that the guild would administer and whose scope it would determine. Among
the potential new benefits is paid time off for drivers.

Uber was not seeking to replicate the guild idea outside New York, which differs
from other cities in that a much higher fraction of Uber drivers use the
platform full time or close to full time, Mr. Plouffe added.

Those involved in separate efforts to organize Uber drivers in New York were
skeptical of the proposed new guild.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              507 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              June 25, 2006 Sunday

Travel Q & A

SECTION: TR; Pg. TA

LENGTH: 344 words


I booked a round-trip business-class fare of $2,765 from Amsterdam to San
Francisco on KLM for my relatives. But when I checked fares from San Francisco
to Amsterdam for myself, they were more than $8,000. Can you explain the
difference?

Paula Boswell, Danville

It's a matter of supply and demand. A spokesman for Northwest Airlines, which is
KLM's codeshare partner, said the sharp difference in fares can be attributed to
several factors -- among them a flight's point of origin, discounted (or sale)
fares and time of year.

KLM, for example, generally has no problem filling seats from San Francisco to
Amsterdam, but to stimulate sales in the opposite direction (when it has excess
seats), it will lower prices -- or put them on sale -- to entice consumers to
travel. It's also not unusual to offer discounted fares during less popular
times in order to fill seats.

As long as there is inventory, airlines will do what they can to sell seats. But
the closer you get to your departure date, the more likely it is that fares will
go up. This is because business travelers frequently have to fly with little or
no advance notice; tourists get cheaper fares, in many cases, because they
purchase well in advance.

Any recommendations for Northern California camping with activities for
preteens?

Barbara Van, San Jose

One popular spot is Oceano Dunes State Vehicle Recreation Area, south of Pismo
Beach and the only state park to permit driving on the beach. Camping is
allowed, too, and you can rent an all-terrain vehicle at any of several places,
or take a group ride in a Hummer. Kids love careening up and down the sand
dunes, and even horseback riding is available.

State beach parks are are also a good bet: New Brighton and Seacliff in Santa
Cruz County and Bodega Dunes at Sonoma Coast State Beach. The latter offers
junior ranger programs in the summer, and hiking and biking are usually
available nearby.

For more information on state parks, visit www.parks.ca.gov and click on ``Find
a park.''

Have a question? E-mail Michael Martinez at TravelQA@mercury news.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              508 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                           December 27, 2005 Tuesday
                                  Home Edition

The post-holiday rush;
Shoppers conditioned to wait for bargains

BYLINE: PATTI BOND

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 597 words


Christmas may have forced them to take a day off, but shopaholics were back in
force on Monday for their annual day-after fix.

"I've got to catch a plane at 6 [o'clock], so I gotta keep moving," said
Louisville, Ky., resident Helen Weinz, who woke up at her sister's house in
Chamblee with one thing on her mind: post-Christmas markdowns.

After a quick morning spin through the 60 percent off racks at Macy's in
Perimeter Mall, Heinz zipped out of sight, carry-on luggage in tow.

Retailers across the country were hoping for a bit of urgency from consumers,
who waited even longer than last year to do their Christmas shopping. This year,
in addition to discounted leftovers, merchants rolled out new full-priced
merchandise and expanded hours in an effort to extend the holiday season --- and
prop up profits in the meantime.

The week after Christmas represented about 10 percent of last year's holiday
sales, according to research firm ShopperTrak, and this year, retailers were
hoping for more.

Whereas the week after Christmas and early January were traditionally relegated
to gift exchanges or discounted Christmas decorations, consumers are getting
conditioned to extend the holiday spending spree.

Retailers such as Target and American Eagle Outfitters rolled out some spring
merchandise while KB Toys was pushing new versions of Barbie and the funky Bratz
dolls.

Consumer electronic chains such as Best Buy were pushing CDs, DVDs and video
games, counting on shoppers to feed the gadgets they received for the holiday.

The hottest ticket this week is gift cards. Last year, consumers spent $17.34
billion on gift cards for the holidays. This year the total is expected to reach
almost $18.5 billion, according to a survey by the National Retail Federation
and market research firm BigResearch.

Michael P. Niemira, chief economist at the International Council of Shopping
Centers, expects that 20 percent of gift card holders will redeem their cards
this week. And retailers can't wait, as people tend to spend more than the face
value of the gift cards once they get to the cash register.

"The week after Christmas in our business is virtually as good as the week
before Christmas," said Larry Mondry, president and chief executive of CompUSA,
which has seven stores in metro Atlanta. "In the last couple of years, the
retail business between Christmas and Jan. 15 is much greater than in previous
years because of the redemption of gift cards."

The growing popularity of gift cards is cutting down on the problem of returns,
too. Although consumers across metro Atlanta lined up at customer service desks
with the usual barrage of ill-fitting sweaters and goofy gadgets, retailers said
they expected to take back less merchandise this year.

"We like gift cards because people can get what they want," said Ray Simpson,
general manager at the Best Buy on Hammond Drive in Atlanta.

"They're a safe bet, especially if it's related to technology," said Simpson,
pointing to a Hewlett-Packard printer that had just landed on the return table.
"The guy who brought that back peeled off just enough wrapping paper to see that
it was the wrong model number. We had to take the rest of the gift wrap off
right here."

Complete data won't be available until January, but merchants are looking for a
strong finish to the holiday season, especially with Hanukkah falling late this
year. Also, Christmas fell on a big advertising day, followed by a holiday for
many workers on Monday.

"I think the calendar this year really helps," Mondry of CompUSA said.

The Associated Press contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: December 27, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ANDY SHARP / StaffKristyn Crosson looks over games at the Best
Buy store on Hammond Drive. Stores across metro Atlanta were generally busy
Monday with people making returns and seeking bargains.
Photo: ANDY SHARP / StaffVickey Schaefer waits Monday for assistance in the
returns area at a Best Buy store on Hammond Drive.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              509 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 31, 1997, Thursday, Final Edition

TWA Loses Lawsuit Over Ticket Prices

Judith Evans, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. E04

LENGTH: 403 words


A St. Louis judge has ruled that Omega World Travel Inc. of Fairfax did not
violate its agreement with Trans World Airlines Inc. by selling deeply
discounted TWA tickets.

In an opinion handed down last week, Judge Julian Bush of the St. Louis Circuit
Court wrote, "It is certainly not unethical in the abstract for a travel agent
to sell its customers the lowest price tickets available, and the evidence is
that consumers and the travel industry alike expect travel agents to do just
that."

TWA had contended in a lawsuit it brought against the Washington area's largest
travel agency that Omega's sale of the tickets violated provisions in its
agreement with the company. The airline said Omega's sale of the discount
tickets undermined TWA's ability to sell tickets at full price. The discounted
tickets, TWA said, had been meant to be sold to travel consolidators and other
tour operators, who then sell them to customers at a discount.

Omega began selling the tickets -- which were discounted 25 percent below full
price -- when New York City investor Carl Icahn approached travel agents
nationwide to sell the tickets to their customers. TWA gave Icahn the tickets as
repayment for $ 200 million in financing the airline had received from him.

Several travel agents said Omega's victory would allow them to begin selling the
tickets again. Many travel agents stopped selling them when TWA threatened to
sue, but Omega continued. The decision, agents said, also further affirms the
concept that travel agents work for consumers, not the airlines.

"There are a significant number of agents who have access to the discount
coupons who were waiting with baited breath for the outcome of this trial," said
Mike Pingrey, owner of ACT Travel in the District. "The fact of life is that
they look like they have now won."

A spokesman for TWA said yesterday that the airline is "considering whether to
appeal the decision."

Dan Bohan, Omega's chief operating officer, said the company felt vindicated.
"We feel like we carried the mantle for the industry and won. We have an ethical
obligation to offer consumers the lowest price."

The travel agency has spent nearly two years and about $ 500,000 to defend
itself, Bohan said. "It was expensive for us. Clearly, there aren't many travel
agents that would have continued fighting. Fortunately, we could afford it. This
was a case about principle."

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              510 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Discount Rangers Tickets

LENGTH: 123  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: The University of Texas, The State of Texas  has issued the following
news release:



    Discount Rangers Tickets

 (Sports and Recreation)





 Texas Rangers VS. Seattle Mariners

 Kids 3/4 sleeve AL West Champs T-Shirt (First 7,500, 13 & Under)

 Visit www.texasrangers.com /grouptickets, click on University of Texas at
Arlington and use the password GOMAVS to get your discounted tickets today!





 Location:     Globe Life Park in Arlington

 Price:     Discounted tickets for UTA

 Sponsor:     College Town UTA

 Contact:     Jeremy Christopher

 E-Mail: jchristopher@texasrangers.com

 817-273-5173
  7:05pm

  Saturday, June 4, 2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              511 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              July 24, 2009 Friday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Sage offers deals to do-gooders The hotel-management firm is rewarding
volunteers at nonprofits with discounts.

BYLINE: Steve Raabe The Denver Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-08

LENGTH: 353 words


Good deeds beget good deals on hotel rooms under a promotion launched by a
Denver lodging firm.

Sage Hospitality Resources is offering free or discounted hotel rooms at its
properties to those who volunteer at least eight hours at nonprofits.

In a similar promotion by Broomfield-based RockResorts International, visitors
who work on designated environmental and conservation projects receive
discounted rooms in Vail, Beaver Creek, Aspen and Jackson Hole, Wyo.

It's a new twist for a hotel industry awash with offers intended to fill empty
rooms in the midst of a recession.

Rate discounts and free nights on multiple-night stays are commonplace at many
chains and boutique hotels.

But Sage officials said their chief motivation is to support charitable
organizations by inducing volunteerism.

"One of our values is giving back to the communities where we live and work,"
said Brad Robinette, senior vice president of operations at Sage. "It's a tough
environment right now for philanthropic groups, and we hope this gives them a
boost."

A limited number of rooms at Sage's 53 hotels nationwide, including 15 in
Colorado, will be given away, each free for one night to people who can verify
their volunteer work on the letterhead of tax-exempt 501(c)3 organizations.

Sage also is offering volunteers a 50 percent discount on published rates for
most rooms during the promotion's run through Dec. 20. Some dates are blacked
out.

"Sage is known for being charitable in the community," said John Montgomery,
managing director of consulting firm Horwath Hotel, Tourism and Leisure.
"They're not making a lot of money at a 50 percent discount - it's kind of a
break-even deal - but it helps them with their exposure. And 50 percent is
better than having a room sit empty."

He said Sage stands to benefit if customers attracted by the promotion spend on
food and beverages at the hotel.

Sage's hotels in metro Denver include the Curtis, the Oxford, JW Marriott and
several TownePlace Suites.

Information on the Sage promotion can be found at www.giveadaygetanight.com.
RockResorts program details are at http://rockresorts.com/specials.asp.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              512 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

Amtrak adds benefits for travel by rail

BYLINE: by MELISSA DANIELS

LENGTH: 358 words


Pittsburgh is now part of a cross-state network for discounted Amtrak trips.

PennDOT announced this week that it added Pittsburgh to the "PA Trips By Train"
excursion deals between Harrisburg, Lancaster, Philadelphia and New York. Trips
booked through the network's website allow travelers to buy one ticket and get
one 40 percent off and give them access to other offers, including half off
tickets for children younger than 12.

The idea is to encourage train travel as an alternative to cars and congestion,
said Erin Waters-Trasatt, a PennDOT spokeswoman.

"It can be a more enjoyable experience for people or their families," she said.
"They may become more frequent riders, as well."

Pittsburgh is the first destination west of Harrisburg to be included in the
network, which is booking trips through December 2016. Some packages include
added-on discounts for outings in the destination cities, while others, like the
trip to Pittsburgh, are billed as an "On Your Own" trip with discounted fare and
a free Uber ride.

Although Amtrak maintains the infrastructure on Pennsylvania's passenger rails,
PennDOT is responsible for paying operating costs. During the last fiscal year
ending in October, more than 6.1 million Amtrak passengers boarded and alighted
through Pennsylvania, up 1.6 percent from the year before. The majority of the
traffic e_SEmD about 4.1 million passengers e_SEmD traveled through
Philadelphia's 30th Street Station, the third-busiest Amtrak station in the
country.

Pittsburgh had about 149,000 passengers.

Mark Spada, a member of Western Pennsylvanians for Passenger Rail, said the
initiative is a good way to drive up train travel. His group pushes for
additional trains between Pittsburgh and Harrisburg to offer more convenient
travel times, as the Pennsylvania route currently has only one departure and one
arrival on the daily schedule.

"This will indeed be good for passengers and hopefully, good for Pittsburgh," he
said. "What would be even better is more trains for those passengers to ride."

Melissa Daniels is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
412-380-8511 or mdaniels@tribweb.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              513 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

Enbridge unveils plan to get oil to Gulf;
Joint venture with Texas firm will modify 1,100 kilometres of natural-gas
pipeline in effort to get better prices for Canadian crude

BYLINE: KELLY CRYDERMAN

SECTION: REPORT ON BUSINESS: CANADIAN; ENERGY; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 646 words

DATELINE: CALGARY


Enbridge Inc. has a new scheme for getting around North American oil pipeline
snarls, with plans to transport Canadian and North Dakota crude to the large
east Gulf Coast refining area with a $3.4-billion conversion of a natural-gas
pipeline system.

The proposed project, a joint venture with Texas-based Energy Transfer Partners
LP, would see more than 1,100 kilometres of the existing Trunkline natural-gas
transmission line between Patoka, Ill., and St. James, La., reversed and
modified to transport up to 660,000 barrels of oil a day by 2015, a relatively
short timeline.

The move is another in a long list of tactics companies are employing to get
better prices for Western Canada's discounted heavy oil.

Vern Yu, vice-president of business development and market development at
Calgary-based Enbridge, said Friday that if the plan to access the Louisiana
refineries goes ahead, Canadian producers will then be able to get the higher
Maya heavy crude blend price, a benchmark for heavy oil produced in Mexico,
rather than the discounted prices seen for Alberta bitumen.

On Friday, the price difference between the two was almost $40 a barrel.

"It's a brand new market for Canadian crude," Mr. Yu said. "It should help
producers with their pricing because it opens up a significant new market for
both Bakkan and Canadian heavy."

There are no pipelines currently carrying Canadian crude to the St. James
refinery area, Mr. Yu said. Oil is transported by barge, rail or overseas
vessels.

Although the company has reversed or expanded other oil pipelines, such as the
Seaway system, he said this would be the first time in recent memory Enbridge
has looked at converting a natural-gas pipeline to crude oil service.

"This is a very obvious opportunity to repackage an asset that's not very useful
today," Mr. Yu said, citing numerous natural-gas pipelines constructed in past
decades now sitting idle or little used.

The plan still needs the assurance of customers and regulatory approval from the
Federal Energy Regulatory Commission.

If all conditions are met, Enbridge will become a joint owner in the Trunkline,
now fully owned by Energy Transfer.

Mr. Yu said the regulatory process should be less onerous than building a new
pipeline. However, the project will require about 160 kilometres of new
connections to bring the bottom end of the Trunkline pipeline to the refinery
hub in St. James, which has heavy crude refining capacity of about 1.2 million
barrels a day.

It is not clear what the ratio of light and heavy crude to be transported will
be, but Mr. Yu said "this line is going to be running a mixed service. So it's
not like Keystone - it's not a 100-per-cent bitumen line."

As Enbridge awaits the outcome of regulatory hearings this year for its Northern
Gateway project, to bring Alberta bitumen to the West Coast, it is also looking
for other options for its customers. Mr. Yu said the company is searching every
day for assets that can be changed to help the North American transportation
bottleneck.

Although there has long been a price gap between heavy Canadian crude and world
prices for oil, the differences have widened significantly in recent months as
U.S. light oil production has surged and pipelines have grown increasingly
congested.

Avery Shenfeld, chief economist of CIBC World Markets Inc., said although the
size of the differential has varied in recent weeks, the problem of how to get
Canadian oil to refineries and markets is going to continue into the medium
term.

"In all likelihood, this is going to be a portfolio of decisions rather than one
investment that fixes the problem," Mr. Shenfeld said.

"If you look ahead in the next decade, the world is going to need that Canadian
crude, even if the U.S. is successful in developing more of its own sources. And
human ingenuity will find a way to get into the market."

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2013 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              514 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Automotive News

                                 April 6, 2009

eBay tests selling vehicles on Daily Deal page

BYLINE: Arlena Sawyers

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 0004

LENGTH: 511 words


On March 26, Jim Ellis Auto Dealerships of suburban Altanta offered a new 2008
Saab 9-3 for sale online. The price had been slashed almost 40 percent below
sticker to $18,725.

It sold in four hours.

The Saab was testing the waters on eBay's Daily Deal page, where products are
offered for one day at deeply discounted prices.

The eBay promotion tested whether focusing on one highly discounted vehicle at a
time appeals to both buyers and dealers, says Nicolas Franchet, senior director
of U.S. vehicles for eBay Motors.

The Daily Deal page, deals.ebay.com/deals, usually features consumer
electronics, and eBay wasn't sure whether shoppers there would accept products
priced as high as new cars. Now eBay is evaluating whether dealers will go for
the Daily Deal.

Seven in one day

During the one-day program, Jim Ellis Auto sold seven similarly priced 2008 Saab
9-3s to buyers in Arkansas, California, Florida, Illinois, Massachusetts and
Michigan.

Local buyers purchased three more 9-3s after the listings were moved to eBay
Motors Mega Deal page for three more days.

Wayne Ussery, Jim Ellis Auto's director of Internet marketing, says the group
didn't make much money on the Saabs. But exposure on eBay put a national
spotlight on aging vehicles that had been shunned by locals.

"I'd give the project a B plus," Ussery says. "We had some technical snafus with
data not being quite right, but we cleared out some inventory that needed to be
sold."

Daily Deal takes some cues from Woot -- an online marketplace that offers one
discounted product a day. Daily Deal started in the fourth quarter of 2008.

Consumer electronics have dominated the space because they are less expensive
and easy to buy, eBay's Franchet says. The online market wasn't sure it could
sell cars on Daily Deal. "We realize it takes more time to make such a
purchase," Franchet says.

So eBay modified the Daily Deal format for vehicles. After being featured on the
Daily Deal page for 24 hours, the vehicles were moved to the specially created
eBay Motors Mega Deal page for three days. Sixteen 2008 Saab 9-3s and 25 2009
Volkswagen Passats were featured on the Mega Deal page during the pilot.

There is no timetable for autos to be featured on Daily Deal again, Franchet
says. EBay is weighing consumer response and dealers' willingness to
participate.

31% online

Jim Ellis Auto operates 13 franchises in 11 dealerships. It sells vehicles on a
variety of third-party sites such as autotrader.com, autobytel.com and cars.com.

Last year, the group's online listings generated 3,200 new- and used-vehicle
sales. That represents about 31 percent of its 2008 sales volume, Ussery says.

The auto group set the price of vehicles based on a combination of customer
rebates and dealer incentives and discounts, he says. The Saabs attracted about
200 telephone and 200 e-mail inquiries.

The Passats were discounted about 18 percent to the $22,000-$23,000 range. The
auto group got dozens of phone calls and e-mails about the Passats, with one
deal pending.

Says Ussery: "The Saab deal was sweeter, and customers recognized it."

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: an


                      Copyright 2009 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              515 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 22, 2007 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

DOLLARS & SENSE;
12 sales not to miss before Christmas;
No need to rush out the door in the wee hours Friday to get the good deals. Here
are 12 great sales for the season between today and Christmas.

BYLINE: John Ewoldt, Staff Writer

SECTION: SOURCE; DOLLARS & SENSE; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 991 words


If you think the best holiday bargains occur between 6 and 8 a.m. on Friday,
relax. This is shaping up to be a good holiday season for bargain hunters. With
gas above $3 a gallon, rumors of a recession and the housing market in the
dumpster, the 2007 holiday season looks like a holly-jolly one for markdowns.

Twenty percent off all books

Employees (mostly the single ones) got together at Magers & Quinn Booksellers
(3038 Hennepin Av. S., Minneapolis, 612-822-4611) and said "Let's put on a
sale!" or something like that. Everything is discounted 20 percent. The store
stocks about 30 percent new and 70 percent used books. The sale is from 1 to 10
p.m. Thanksgiving Day only.

Warm and cozy warehouse sale

Sleepyheads' warehouse sale (10921 Excelsior Blvd., Hopkins, 952-930-9292)
includes men's, women's and kids' pajamas for as low as $10, robes starting at
$25, slippers and flip-flops $5, cosmetics and handbags from $5 and lotions and
candles from $2. Everything, including Nick & Nora, Bedhead, Cat's Pajamas,
Karen Neuberger and the Thymes, is discounted 50 to 90 percent off retail
prices. The sale runs 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Friday and Saturday.

Four-three-two-some liquidation

The Foursome Family Clothing and Shoes stores (Wayzata Bay Center, 841 E. Lake
St., Wayzata, 952-473-4667, www.thefoursome.com) is closing its women's and
kids' stores to concentrate on men's clothing, big and tall apparel and shoes
for men, women and kids. Everything in the five stores, including men's apparel,
is discounted 25 to 70 percent.

Hardware store sack sale

Menards used to have a sack sale in January, but it was moved to December the
past couple of years.

Everything that you can fit inside the sack (subject to height restrictions) is
discounted 17 percent or so, depending on the number printed on the sack. Watch
for the sack in a Sunday paper this month, although which Sunday is anyone's
guess. Menards isn't saying. The additional discount is an excellent bargain
considering that Menards' everyday prices are often lower than those of the
competition.

Fashionista designers and accessories

Nearly everything in the store is discounted 30 percent starting Friday at
Grethen House (4930 France Av. S., Edina, 952-926-8725), the high-fashion
boutique filled with European designer clothing and accessories. A 50 percent
markdown will occur in about a month and a 70 percent markdown a month after
that. Items not discounted include spring clothing and cruisewear.

Scandinavian gourmet foods, candles and gifts

Need to replenish your hostess gift stock? The Europa Import sale (1360 E.
County Rd. E, Vadnais Heights, 651-486-6860) on Nov. 30 includes
Scandinavian-style iron candleholders, candles, crystal, wine accessories and
foods such as Pepperkakor ginger thin tins ($4 on sale), Swedish lingonberry
preserves ($4.25 for 14 oz.) and Lofberg's dark roast coffee ($5). Prices are 40
to 60 percent below retail.

High-end kids' clothes

Papo d'Anjo's warehouse sale offers good bargains on upscale European children's
wear (2325 Endicott St., St. Paul, 651-294-3900, www.papodanjo.com). The sale,
from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Dec. 1, includes fall and winter items for girls and boys,
discounted 30 to 75 percent. Sale prices range from $5 to $89 for coats,
blazers, dresses, skirts, pants, sweaters, shirts, blouses and underwear for
ages 3 months to 14 years.

Knife sharpening and Wustof gifts

Turkey seem a little tough today? Maybe it's the fault of the knife, not the
cook. Get your knives sharpened in time for the Christmas goose at Eversharp
Wustof Trident outlet (344 Taft St. NE., Minneapolis, 612-379-1300). Through
Dec. 1, bring in up to 10 knives (including serrated) and they'll be sharpened
while you wait, for $1 each. The outlet also has a couple of excellent specials
on new Wustof items - a black or white classic five-piece cheese and wine set in
a bamboo case for $179, regularly $311, and the popular Santoku knife for $85,
regularly $120.

The meat department at Byerly's/Lunds stores sharpens up to three knives free
per visit, but they won't sharpen them while you wait (24-hour turnaround) or
sharpen serrated knives.

Laptops and more

Brand Name Deals (1000 E. Moore Lake Dr., Fridley, 763-572-9800,
www.brandnamedeals.com) will have 15 to 20 laptop computers discounted 30
percent off retail Saturday. Most are returns from electronics stores, including
brand names such as Acer and Averatec priced from $300 to $600. If you don't
need a laptop, BND will also have cast-iron cookware from a shopping channel,
pre-lit Christmas trees starting at $25 (6 feet) and lots of clothing from a
national discount department store based in (wink, wink) Wisconsin.

Nordstrom outlet sales

Which type of sale appeals most to Nordstrom Rack shoppers? New, high-quality
merchandise from the department store at medium discounts or deeply discounted
clearance? Fans of the former will want to stop in during the new arrivals sale
that starts Dec. 7. Those looking for deeper discounts but with slimmer pickins'
can wait until the tag sale Dec. 20.

Plus-size fashions nearly half off

B & Lu, the St. Paul-based company that sells fashion-forward plus sizes at
www.bandlu.com, will discount everything on its website 40 percent from midnight
to 11:59 p.m. Dec. 10. Enter promo code "gift."

Who discounts Xbox 360 or iRobot Roomba? We know.

Atomic Deals, that's who. For the uninitiated, Atomic Deals is a Plymouth-based
liquidator with a website (www.atomicdeals.com) and a cable TV show. Its claim
to fame is that auction prices decrease instead of increase. Watch for the Xbox
360 Premium Edition online Friday with a starting price of $230 plus $13
shipping. The refurbished units, tested by a third-party vendor, include an
extended warranty. The Roomba normally sells for $199, but Atomic's price will
be no more than $110 plus $13 shipping online Wednesday.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or jewoldt@startribune.com His articles are  online
at www.startribune.com/dollars.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              516 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 9, 2015 Wednesday

Tennessee: Chattanooga Lookouts Playoff Game

LENGTH: 171 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: Chattanooga Area Chamber of Commerce, The state of Tennessee has
issued the following news release:



  Chattanooga Lookouts Playoff Game



 Thursday, September 10, 2015

 7:15 PM to 10:00 PM



 Take me out to the ballgame!





 Join the Chattanooga Lookouts for their playoff game against the Montgomery
Biscuits on September 10th at 7:15PM. The Chamber is proud to be the Lookout's
Community Partner for this event. Chamber members are being offered discounted
tickets ($5). Please contact Chamber Event Coordinator, Kaia Moore, for
instructions on how to reserve these discounted tickets. While you're there, be
sure to use #ballgamebusiness and #chachamber in your Tweets, Instagram, and
Facebook updates!



 Can't join us this time? Be sure to follow us on Instagram to stay up to date,
or search #ballgamebusiness to see what other members are posting.



 AT&T Field 102 Power Alley, Chattanooga, TN, 37402



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              517 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

SECTION: LOCAL; ALLEGEHNY COUNTY/STATE/SOUTH; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 606 words


ALLEGHENY COUNTY

Parks

Golf passes available

Golfers ages 55 and older can buy discounted passes for the North and South Park
golf courses.

The discounted season passes cost $60. They will be available at the park
clubhouses.

The spring golfing season begins March 31, weather permitting. For more
information, call the North Park golf course at 412-961-0512 or the South Park
golf course at 412-835-3545.

STATE

Harrisburg

Lobbyist info online

Information about lobbyists who try to influence Gov. Ed Rendell's
administration will become available to the public online starting April 1.

Administration Secretary Joseph Martz said yesterday the data will be accessible
at www.lobbyistdisclosure.state.pa.us.

Last week, the governor said he'll require special interests who work to
influence the passage of legislation to register with his office and report
their spending every three months.

SOUTH

Washington County

Game to raise funds in honor of fallen Marine

The friends of a Washington County Marine killed in Iraq last year are
sponsoring a celebrity hockey game Saturday to establish a scholarship in his
honor.

Members of the Bishop Canevin High School alumni hockey team will face off
against the Pittsburgh celebrity hockey team, featuring former Penguins and
local radio personalities, at 7 p.m. Saturday at the Iceoplex in Southpointe.

The game will honor 22-year-old Lance Cpl. Ryan Kovacicek, a Canevin graduate
and Avella native killed last July in western Iraq.

Proceeds will benefit Ryan's Memorial Fund, a scholarship program planned for
area students. Tickets are $5 at the door and children 6 and under are free.

Mt. Lebanon

Boy's death an accident

The Allegheny County medical examiner's office has ruled the February death of a
13-year-old Mt. Lebanon boy an accident.

The parents of Ian Cohen have said the boy, whose cause of death is listed as
asphyxiation by hanging, died as a result of playing the choking game, an
activity that involves cutting off the oxygen supply to the brain and getting a
high when blood flow returns.

The boy's father spoke emphatically at the funeral that the death was not a
suicide.

Investigators with the medical examiner's office would not confirm whether the
choking game was involved in the death.

Twerski to speak

Nationally known author Rabbi Dr. Abraham Twerski, founder of Gateway
Rehabilitation Center, will speak tonight at Temple Emanuel of South Hills about
self-destructive teen behavior. The talk, at 8 p.m., is free and open to the
public.

For more information, call 412-279-7600 or visit the synagogue's web site at
www.templeemanuelpgh.org.

Upper St. Clair

Lawsuit moved

The parents of Upper St. Clair students enrolled in the International
Baccalaureate program have moved their lawsuit to Common Pleas Court.

The families of several students impacted by the Upper St. Clair school board's
decision to do away with the program filed a federal lawsuit last week, alleging
six violations.

On Friday, U.S. District Judge Arthur J. Schwab told both sides that he didn't
believe the case should be heard in federal court, and that it revolved around
state claims.

McKeesport

Abuse of dogs probed

Agents for the Western Pennsylvania Humane Society yesterday found a dead dog in
a bedroom of a McKeesport residence and an emaciated dog in the bedroom of a
house next door.

Agents Kathy Bricker and Ron Smith seized a brindled female pit bull from a
bedroom at 1614 Manor Ave. and a black male pit bull that was chained in the
yard behind 1612 Manor Ave. Alerted by neighbors, they found the body of another
dog in a nearby alley.

Ms. Bricker was seeking the owner of the dogs, who will face animal cruelty
charges.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              518 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                               May 1, 2005 Sunday

Globetrotting

BYLINE: Kathryn Clayton Deseret Morning News

LENGTH: 371 words


Deep discounts

THIS WILL BE THE THIRD YEAR that some of the major attractions along the Wasatch
Front will offer deeply discounted admission as part of a promotion called "Be A
Tourist in Your Own Back Yard." Eleven attractions will charge a $1 per person
admission on Saturday (May 7). The discounted tickets will be available through
the Web site of the Salt Lake Convention & Visitors Bureau
(www.visitsaltlake.com/backyard) beginning Monday.

Participating attractions include:

Thanksgiving Point gardens

The Museum of Ancient Life

Utah Olympic Park

Utah Museum of Natural History

Kennecott Utah Copper's Bingham Canyon Mine

Red Butte Garden

The Children's Museum of Utah

Tracy Aviary

The Living Planet Aquarium

Utah Museum of Fine Arts

Thanksgiving Point Farm Country San Diego freebies

AMONG THE AREA'S NO-COST SUMMER ACTIVITIES this year:

Coronado's Summer Concert Series in Spreckels Park on Sunday evenings, preceded
on the first and third Sundays by Art-In-The-Park.

The Inter-Tribal Powwow at San Luis Rey Mission in Oceanside, Jun. 11 and 12.

The La Jolla Festival of the Arts and Food Faire, Jun. 11-12.

Farmers markets at various locations: Tuesday afternoons at Coronado's Ferry
Market Landing; Wednesday afternoons in Ocean Beach; Thursday mornings in
Oceanside; Friday mornings at Bernardo Winery in Rancho Bernardo; Saturday
afternoons in Del Mar; and Sunday mornings in Hillcrest.

Stretch your legs on Mission Beach Boardwalk, a three-mile corridor along
Mission and Pacific Beaches.

El Cajon's Classic Cruise, Wednesday evenings throughout the summer. Enjoy
watching the classic car show while you're walking around the town's historic
district.

Bird watch at one of San Diego's many coastal nature preserves, including
Tidelands Park in Coronado, Northern Wildlife Preserve/Kendall Frost Marsh on
Mission Bay and Batiquitos Lagoon in Carlsbad.

The Festival of Sail 2005, on Aug. 17. Tall sailing ships from all over the
world join in a Parade of Ships on San Diego Bay under the sponsorship of the
Maritime Museum of San Diego.

More information about San Diego's summer events: www.sandiego.org;
619-236-1212; or visit the International Visitor Information Center at West
Broadway and Harbor Drive. E-mail: ">kclayton@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: May 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              519 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           January 14, 2012 Saturday
                               SAT SCENE Edition

Sale Insider by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 398 words


Pull some strings

All sale yarns have been discounted 40 percent as part of the 2012 sale
continuing through Friday at I Love Knitting. This includes chunky wools, baby
yarn, cottons and more. Hours are 10:30 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Tuesday through
Saturday, 1 to 4 p.m. Sunday. 600 S. Holly St., Unit 102,
iloveknittingdenver.com, 303-399-5648

Get your Moda running

The Larimer Square location of Moda has discounted select fall merchandise 50
percent through Sunday. The men's apparel store's "8th Annual Half Yearly Sale"
includes suits, sports coats, sweaters, jeans, dress shirts and slacks. Stop by
10 a.m. t0 8 p.m. today and noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. 1459 Larimer St.,
303-862-5949, modaman.com

From baby to baubles

January means clearance at Talulah Jones, the colorful central Denver home and
gift boutique. New items are brought out daily; don't forget to ask for a trip
to the basement to see what else you can't live without. Store hours are 10 a.m.
to 6 p.m. weekdays, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Sunday.
1122 E. 17th Ave., 303-832-1230

Fifty is fabulous

Puttin' on the Ritz, a women's boutique carrying new and used clothing, jewelry
and accessories, has discounted half of its inventory by 50 percent. High-end
items including St. John's Knits, are an additional 10 percent off. Furs are not
included. 1446 S. Colorado Blvd., 303-759-4398, puttinontheritzboutique.com

Go mod? Yes you can

Bring in nonperishable food items this month to support local food banks and
save 15 percent on Gus* Modern furniture and accessories at Mod Livin'. Gus* is
known for its contemporary items "that mix the elegant with the industrial." SI
tip: Sunday is the last day to shop Mod Livin's Gimme Gimme Pillow Toast and Mod
Martini pop-up shops. 5327 E. Colfax Ave., 720-941-9292, modlivin.com

Some kind of wonderful

Athena's Closet, a plus-size women's consignment shop specializing in sizes 14
and up, is hosting a Wonderful Winter Savings Sale. Save 50 percent on coats
starting Tuesday, sweaters starting Jan. 24, and all remaining fall and winter
items (including accessories) starting Jan. 31. The store will accept spring and
summer consignment items beginning Jan. 31. 5305 E. Colfax Ave., Unit B,
303-997-4336

Free days this week:

Today-Monday: *All national parks for Martin Luther King, Jr. Day Monday:
*Denver Botanic Gardens, botanicgardens.org

Wednesday: *Denver Zoo, denverzoo.org

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              520 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                            November 9, 2009 Monday

Lenders put brakes on sales as they take losses

BYLINE: MICHAEL BRAGA

SECTION: D; ARTICLE; Pg. D10

LENGTH: 777 words

DATELINE: SARASOTA


SARASOTA

Banks and mortgage companies have a good reason to postpone putting property on
the market

Foreclosure sales represent the frothiest part of the real estate market these
days.

Many properties are receiving multiple bids and buyers are being advised to act
fast to avoid losing once-in-a-lifetime opportunities.

But while investors and real estate professionals are benefiting from the trend,
one group appears to be losing out -- lenders.

A quick look at sales of properties that banks and mortgage companies seized
from delinquent borrowers reveals that there were far fewer sales in Sarasota
County during the first two weeks of October compared with the same period a
year earlier, and lenders had to discount those properties much more in 2009
than in 2008.

Court records show that banks and mortgage companies sold only 54 properties in
Sarasota County from Oct. 1 through Oct. 16, which was 42 percent fewer than the
93 properties they sold during the same period a year earlier.

In turn, banks took a 60.5 percent loss on the properties sold in 2009, compared
with a 48 percent loss during the same period a year earlier.

The reason for the decline in bank-owned property sales, experts say, is that
banks are holding properties off the market to keep prices from falling further.

"A lot of banks are sittingon inventory that they have not released yet

"Banks are often reluctant to seize houses, because as soon as they take over,
their costs go up. They are suddenly responsible for taxes, insurance and
upkeep," said Margaret Amador, a short-sale specialist with Allison James
Estates & Homes in Sarasota.

When they do take over, banks want to get rid of the properties fast, Amador
said.

Numbers show that it took banks about 120 days to sell properties seized through
foreclosure in 2008. This year, it took 30 days less.

There is no doubt the increased speed of sales is a direct result of banks' the
willingness on the part of banks to drop prices. The median price for a property
sold by banks during the first two weeks of October was $81,000 -- 30 percent
lower than the median price of $115,000 during the same period in 2009.

"If the properties don't sell immediately, the bank has one price reduction
after another," Amador said. "They have to sell, and properties do not stay on
the market very long."

Numbers show that banks were even willing to increase the discounts on expensive
properties in 2009. But those discounts are still not as large as discounts on
less expensive properties.

While banks discounted the 10 least expensive properties by 54 percent in 2008,
they only discounted the 10 most expensive properties by 39 percent -- a
difference of 15 percentage points.

A year later, the 10 least expensive properties were discounted by 62 percent,
while the 10 most expensive properties were discounted by 55 percent -- a
difference of 7 percent percentage points.

Among the lenders with the most foreclosure sales in Sarasota County during the
first two weeks of October, Deutsche Bank led the way in both 2008 and 2009. In
2008, Deutsche Bank recorded 23 sales, representing 25 percent of all bank-owned
property sales during the first two weeks of October. The following year,
Deutsche Bank had nine sales of bank-owned properties, or 17 percent of the
total. USBank came in second in both years, with 10 sales in 2008 and six in
2009.

The property that sold for the highest price during the first two weeks of
October 2008 was a five-bedroom house on Siesta Key that George Bobka bought in
May 2006 for $1.4 million and financed with a $1.045 million loan from
Washington Mutual.

Bobka is the father of Rich Bobka, a Sarasota real estate agent who sold
properties back and forth to his brother and sister-in-law during the boom in
order to increase values of those properties and generate larger loans than they
would have been able to obtain otherwise. The Bobka family ultimately defaulted
on 35 loans totaling $17.3 million.

Washington Mutual seized the elder Bobka's Siesta Key house in May 2008 and sold
it for $609,000 five months later, taking a 42 percent loss.

The highest price paid for a foreclosed property in Sarasota County during the
first two weeks of October 2009 was $2.025 million for a house belonging to
Timothy Crowley, the former owner of Re/Max Properties who ran into myriad
financial problems in the when the real estate boom turned into a bust.

Crowley bought the West of the Trail property for $856,500 in 2004 and borrowed
$3.08 million from the now defunct Colonial Bank to build a new house. The
property was seized by the Federal Deposit Insurance Corp. in March and sold at
a 34 percent loss seven months later.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Former Re/Max Properties owner Timothy Crowley bought this four-bedroom
West of the Trail property at 2231 Oriole Drive in 2004 and borrowed against it
from the now-defunct Colonial Bank to build a new house. The property was seized
in March and resold at a 34 percent loss seven months later.STAFF PHOTO / E.
SKYLAR LITHERLAND

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              521 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                              May 18, 2012 Friday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

BEYOND TAMPA BAY

SECTION: LOCAL; BEYOND TAMPA BAY; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 466 words


U.S. AIRLINES' REVENUE from bag fees fell last year for the first time since
they started collecting them, signaling that more passengers are packing light
to save cash when they fly. The Transportation Department said Thursday that the
17 largest airlines made $3.36 billion in bag fees last year, down slightly from
$3.4 billion in 2010. The total number of passengers last year on those airlines
rose by about 2.4 percent, boosted by international flying. Passengers on U.S.
flights fell by about 1.5 percent.

* * *

JPMORGAN CHASE CEO Jamie Dimon is willing to testify at a congressional hearing
this spring on the bank's $2 billion trading loss. Sen. Tim Johnson, chairman, a
South Dakota Democrat, says he has invited Dimon to testify about the loss at
the nation's largest bank. Johnson says the committee will hold hearings Tuesday
and June 6, at which federal regulators will provide information on the trading
loss. Dimon this week apologized to the bank's shareholders for the loss.

* * *

BEST BUY has dropped the price of the iPhone 4 in its store and online to
$49.99. The discounted price is $50 less than the 4's regular retail price, and
it comes the same week Best Buy discounted other Apple products, notably MacBook
Pros. The $49.99 phone is available with a two-year contract and comes with free
shipping if its purchased online. While the deal is nice, it isn't the only one
going on with the iPhone 4 or even the iPhone 4S. Both Target and RadioShack
slashed the price of the two most recent iPhones by $50 earlier this month,
according to CNET.

* * *

HEWLETT-PACKARD is poised to eliminate up to 30,000 jobs, published reports say,
to help offset dwindling demand for personal computers as more people connect to
the Internet on smartphones and tablets. The Palo Alto, Calif., company ended
its last fiscal year with nearly 350,000 employees. Based on that, HP is
considering a 7 to 9 percent decrease in its workforce. Analysts estimate a
payroll reduction of that size would save HP more than $1 billion annually.

* * *

"They're selling their branches to raise working capital."

MICHAEL CIPRIANI of merchandise trading firm Rosenthal & Rosenthal, as Sears
Holdings said it would spin off a stake in its Canadian unit to focus on turning
around its U.S. business

* * *

370,000

NUMBER OF PEOPLE seeking U.S. unemployment benefits last week, unchanged from
the previous week, as the four-week average, a less volatile measure, fell from
roughly 380,000 to 375,000

* * *

THE BOTTOM LINE: Fitch Ratings says the world's 29 biggest banks together may
have to raise $566 billion by the end of 2018 to meet new international
requirements for holding cushions against risk ... 2,000 Atlanta-based Delta Air
Lines workers take early-retirement offers as the airline also announced more
flight cuts

LOAD-DATE: May 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Dimon PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2012 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              522 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          February 17, 2016 Wednesday

Tennessee: Housing Alert for The National

LENGTH: 208 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Nashville: American Podiatric Medical Association, The state of Tennessee has
issued the following news release:



 Each year, APMA receives reports from members and exhibitors that companies
claiming to be affiliated with The National or the host hotel have contacted
them with offers to book discounted rooms. This year is no exception. We have
been advised that several unaffiliated companies have again been aggressively
pursuing attendees of the APMA 2016 Annual Scientific Meeting in Philadelphia to
book discounted hotel rooms through their company.





 Please be advised that the exclusive online booking agency for The National
this year is Passkey International, Inc. Rooms may also be booked directly
through the hotel by calling 877-212-5752; mention APMA for negotiated rates.



 Unfortunately, some past attendees that have used unaffiliated third-party
agencies have reported the following problems:



     Relocations with little or no warning

     Loss of significant deposits

     Not being booked (or provided) the guest room(s) they thought they had
booked

     Not being booked at the hotel they thought they had booked



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              523 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             June 4, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: Cow-Calf Corner: Feeder markets continue red hot; Repeatability of
calving difficulty

LENGTH: 774  words

DATELINE: Washington


Texas and Southwestern Cattle Raisers Association has issued the following news
release:

June 2, 2014

Feeder markets continue red hot
by Derrell S. Peel, Oklahoma State University Extension livestock marketing
specialist

Widespread rains over the Memorial weekend may have curtailed holiday activities
but were enthusiastically welcomed by cattle producers in the Southern Plains.
Much of the worst drought areas in eastern New Mexico, western Texas and western
Oklahoma received rainfall that was very timely for forage production. USDA's
Weekly Weather and Crop Bulletin reports that many locations across the region
had 5-day rain totals that equaled 50 to 90 percent of year to date rainfall
totals. Rains were heavy enough in some regions to provide runoff and some
replenishment of critically low stock water supplies. Some areas missed out,
with limited rain totals in northwest Oklahoma, southeast Colorado and southwest
Kansas. Response to the rain was immediate with pastures greening up and forage
growth starting by late last week. However, subsoil moisture is still critically
low and follow-up moisture will be needed soon to sustain crop and forage
growth. The recent rains are an encouraging start but there is still a long way
to go for recovery in the region. Drought recovery heading into the heat of the
summer is a challenging prospect at best.

Oklahoma auction totals were limited last week by the holiday weekend but feeder
prices continued very strong. Four-weight, medium and large, number 1 steers
were over $250/cwt and all steers up to 700 pounds brought over $200/cwt. Prices
for heifers under 600 pounds appear to be discounted slightly less than usual
for this time of year, while heavier heifer prices were discounted slightly more
than the seasonal average. Demand for replacement heifers may have diminished
slightly in the Southern Plains in recent weeks (though demand appears strong in
the Northern Plains) but there has been a noticeable increase in prices for
cow-calf pairs in Oklahoma in May.

It is likely that feeder prices are near the top seasonally, though continued
improvement in forage conditions could sustain more stocker demand this summer.
Although feeder prices are high relative to fed prices, there is little reason
to expect any significant weakness in feeder prices. Feedlots will face margin
challenges with high feeder prices pushing up feedlot breakevens, despite
prospects for continued moderate feed prices.  However, tight feeder supplies
combined with potentially expanding replacement heifer demand and stocker demand
will keep feeder prices at or above record seasonal levels into the second half
of the year.

Repeatability of calving difficulty
by Glenn Selk, Oklahoma State University Emeritus Extension animal scientist

Many producers are looking back through their calving books now to re-examine
the most recent calving season and determine if improvements can be made between
now and next spring. At a recent Oklahoma extension event, a cow/calf producer
asked the time-honored question: "If a heifer has calving difficulty this year,
what is the likelihood that she will have trouble again next year?"

A look back through the scientific literature sheds some light on this subject.
Research conducted by Colorado State University and published in 1973 looked at
parturition records of 2733 Hereford calves sired by 123 bulls and born to 778
cows/heifers. (Source: Brinks, et al. Journal of Animal Science 1973 Vol. 36 pp
11-17).

A repeatability estimate was obtained from heifers calving both as 2-and
3-year-olds. The estimate was 4.5 percent. Of 195 heifers which had no
difficulty in calving at two years of age, 7.2 percent had difficulty as
3-year-olds. Of the 77 two-year old heifers which experienced calving
difficulty, 11.7 percent had difficulty again as 3-year-olds.

Heifers that experienced calving difficulty as 2-year-olds weaned 59 percent of
calves born, whereas, those having no difficulty weaned 70 percent of calves
born. Calving difficulty as 2-year-olds affected the number of calves weaned
when 3 years of age and also the weaning weight of those calves. Heifers having
calving difficulty as 2-year-olds weaned a 63 percent calf crop as 3-year-olds.
Heifers having no difficulty as 2-years-olds weaned a 77 percent calf crop as
three-year-olds.

From this research we learned that calving difficulty as a two-year-old has a
profound effect on productivity. The likelihood that calving difficulty will
happen again next year is only slightly greater than in heifer counterparts that
calved unassisted this year.

For further information please visit: http://tscra.org

LOAD-DATE: June 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              524 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             October 7, 2007 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

Braves may turn to young talent

BYLINE: FURMAN BISHER; Staff

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 663 words


OK, you're the general manager. The Braves had a season that darn near defies
description. They waffled. They came back, then took a snooze, then turned up
the volume again. They still darn near made the playoffs, and could have with
another high-powered starter or two. And even an average Andruw Jones kind of
season.

He's gone now. You could see that one coming. Oblivious to his starvation
batting average, he had said that this time he would take no discounted deal
just to stay in Atlanta. Not that he was exactly a Wal-Mart kind of bargain at
$13.5 million. How generous of him. Marked down? Discounted? He could cover
center field like a one-man platoon, but at his wage he was a luxury too rich to
afford.

This may test his bulldogged agent, Steve Boras, who doesn't get nearly enough
doors slammed in his face. The price tag on Andruw is $20 million. This time
Boras has reached his extreme. John Schuerholz can see far more value in $20
million worth of starting pitching. He can find any number of .220 hitters who
can chase down fly balls for far less. Maybe this season was just a blip on
Andruw's radar screen, but at no time during the season did he give any extended
promise of breaking out of it.

Jeff Francoeur could handle the job. He has the arm that Jones doesn't have, and
he has the range for it. But, he is so perfect for right field, the powerful
arm, plus range to cover some of center field as well. Well, a bit of a stretch,
I guess. There's a kid named Jordan Schafer down at Myrtle Beach who gets high
grades --- and who is known by some as Grady Sizemore-like --- but the last time
the Braves found a center fielder capable of making the leap from Class A to the
major leagues was Brett Butler in the early 1980s. Rafael Furcal later made the
graduation at shortstop, which brings up a matter of another nature.

There's nothing uplifting about the thought of Edgar Renteria in some other
team's cloth. He has given the Braves two years of solid joy at shortstop, but
here's the deal: If the Braves are looking for a place to readjust the payroll,
they could deal Renteria and go with the younger and more agile Cuban, Yunel
Escobar, for a bundle less. A cruel thought, but baseball is a game that breaks
hearts.

Pitching is the soul of the Braves' complexities. John Smoltz and Tim Hudson,
yeah. Where do you go from there? Tom Glavine, indeed, may not be the answer,
not that he's even on the Braves' want list, while in truth, he may not be the
answer anywhere. Schuerholz does not speak of such matters, carefully avoiding
any hint of tampering. Tom has already turned down a $13 million option to stay
with the Mets, so what could the expectation be to be a Brave again, a $5
million cut? Hardly. Because Glavine has a residence in the area makes him no
more likely to land here, though it is a nice, cozy thought. You know the weary
old line: "To spend more time with the family." You begin with John Smoltz and
Tim Hudson, and finally, at last, after two seasons of not throwing an official
pitch, Mike Hampton should be, must be, ready by this time. He owes them.

So, instead of working the free-agency market, retreading with aging, leathery
arms, is there not the possibility of transferring one of those young, vibrant
riflemen from the bullpen to starting? Just asking. Chuck James appears better
suited for short-term duty, so swap him for Soriano, Acosta, Ascanio or Devine,
who, for the most part, are merely names at this stage. One thing for sure,
leave Peter Moylan just as he is, the best thing that happened to Braves
pitching this year.

First base, as we all know, is in the smooth and powerful hands of Mark Teixeira
for a year. Then comes the hellish matter of dealing with him on a future
contract. Hellish, because he, too, is a client of the bovine of agents, Boras.
Having a Georgia Tech connection will have no softening effect in the dealing,
you may be assured. Is there no escaping this wretched genius Boras?

furman@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2007 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              525 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           December 27, 2012 Thursday

Low Christmas sales could drive discounts even higher

BYLINE: Amberlee Lovell Deseret News

LENGTH: 292 words


This year especially, stores will be heavily discounted due to a disappointing
increase in holiday sales of only 0.7 percent, rather than the projected 2.5
percent, according to an article by CBS. This makes it the worse season since
2008, which could be due to various factors. "Whether it was Hurricane Sandy and
the need to spend on the home, whether it was the tragedy in Connecticut and
took away the feel good factor ?

it was a confluence of events that led to a 'it should have been better' holiday
season," said Dana Telsey, a retail analyst for CBS. If a sale isn't at least 50
percent off, consumers shouldn't consider it a deal after Dec. 26, according to
a study done by Nerd Wallet. Of the 117 major national retailers that were
analyzed, 68 percent offered at least one large item that was discounted 50
percent or more, according to a 2009 study. The most discounted items are
clothing, cosmetics, holiday decorations, toys, shoes, clearance and bags, since
the demand for these items fall after Christmas. Evergreen items ? or things hat
are not seasonal ? are unlikely to be discounted. But winter clothing items, or
toys like LEGOs suddenly have little use and stores want them out. For example,
this year Calvin Klein offered up to 75 percent off on all clearance, while
Tommy Hilfiger had 30 percent off storewide. Huge discounts are offered because
if retailers don't eliminate leftover stock soon after Christmas, these items
have to be sent to discount stores, outlets or donated to charities. But these
discounts could deepen even more as retailers become more desperate for sales.
There will be new data from retailers next week, which could show improved sales
and improved news for companies. EMAIL: alovell@deseretnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              526 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                              July 13, 2007 Friday
                                 4STAR Edition

NRA -Sesame Place tie draws gun-foes' fire

BYLINE: By GLORIA CAMPISI; campisg@phillynews.com 215-854-5935

SECTION: LOCAL; DN City & Local; Pg. 04

LENGTH: 484 words


Put the gun down, Elmo.

That's the war cry of gun-control advocates after learning that a National Rifle
Association Web site is offering discounted tickets to Sesame Place and other
kid-friendly theme parks - in return for donations to the NRA's political arm,
the Institute for Legislative Action (ILA).

"This is a very strange thing, the connection between guns, the NRA and Sesame
Place," said Bryan Miller, executive director of Ceasefire NJ. "It looks to me
like a PR nightmare."

"There is no conflict of interest by having the theme-park tickets available,"
said NRA spokeswoman Ashley Varner.

Varner said the tickets, which provide discounted entry to the parks, weren't
purchased by the NRA, anyway, but provided by Anheuser-Busch. Besides making
Budweiser and Bud Light, the beer magnate, through a subsidiary, operates Sesame
Place in Langhorne; SeaWorld, in Orlando, San Antonio and San Diego; Busch
Gardens and Adventure Island in Tampa Bay; and Busch Gardens and Water Country
USA in Williamsburg, Va.

According to the NRA-ILA Web site, the price of a two ticket donation is $50,
about half of the regular price. The other discount prices, according to the
Web, are: four tickets for $100, six for $150 and eight for $200.

Anheuser-Busch responded to a call seeking information with the following
statement: "We routinely offer these kinds of ticket discounts to national
organizations whose members have an interest in visiting our parks."

Varner strongly criticized gun-control advocates, taking special aim at big-city
mayors, including John Street.

Philadelphia's homicide rate stood at 213 as of last night, according to police.

Among actions Varner suggested that cities undertake to curb gun crime are:
budgeting more money for policing, prosecuting every gun crime, refusing
plea-bargains and insisting on mandatory sentences for gun crime.

"If they [mayors] were serious about lowering crime, they would stop pointing
fingers of blame at the NRA and jet-setting the country on the taxpayers' dime"
to attend gun-control events, she said. "There are things these mayors could do
if they wanted."

Varner maintained that the NRA was a "family-friendly organization."

"We've actually trained over 20 million children since 1988 in firearms safety,"
through an NRA program for kids from pre-kindergarten through third grade,
called Eddie Eagle GunSafe, she said.

Miller, of Ceasefire NJ, said, "We think it is just wrong to use a kids' park,
and this is for small children, to raise money for an organization that is doing
everything it can to protect gun-industry profits at the expense of safety, and
that includes children's safety."

He said gun-control groups would rally over the issue Tuesday at the New Jersey
Statehouse. Besides Ceasefire NJ, others include CeaseFire PA, the Million Mom
March of New Jersey, the Brady Campaign to Prevent Gun Violence and a student
group called Gun Free Kids. *

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2007 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              527 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                 OCTOBER 27, 1996 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

SET SAIL AS CRUISE LINES FLOAT NEW DISCOUNTS

BYLINE: ARLINE BLEECKER, Knight-Ridder News Service

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 2H

LENGTH: 890 words


WITH the variety of promotions available, you theoretically could cruise the
world by taking one discounted offer after another.

Cruise lines generally discount to help fill ships that aren't filling fast, and
most lop significant percentages off brochure rates for booking early. Some also
are offering bargains on excursions or, for a limited time, are package cruises
with air. Keep in mind that even when fares are quoted "cruise-only," many lines
arrange low-cost air add-ons. Be sure to ask a travel agent or the cruise line
about them.

Here are some of the deals:

* Royal Olympic Cruises has substantial discounts - many of them two-for-ones -
on Stella Solaris from December 1996 through April 1997. Itineraries include the
Amazon, Panama Canal and trans-Atlantic. To qualify for the discounts, which can
net you per-diem rates as low as $125 per person, you must reserve the cruise
with a deposit 90 days prior to sailing. For example, fares for a 23-day Athens
to Miami cruise on Nov. 26 start at $2,875, including air fare from New York to
Athens.

Early-booking discounts up to 35 percent are available on South America cruises
December through March on the 400-passenger Odysseus. For more information, call
(800) 872-6400.

* No matter how close to sailing you book a Burma cruise on the 172-passenger
Song of Flower, you'll reap a discount equivalent to booking 120 days early.
Radisson Seven Seas Cruises has six 11-night land/cruise vacations that include
a seven-night cruise between Singapore and Rangoon, complimentary onboard wine
and spirits, all gratuities, two nights in Singapore and two in Bangkok with a
half-day tour in each, and air fare from the West Coast.

Two of these voyages (Jan. 10 and 17, 1997) include a bonus savings of $500,
with discounted fares starting at $4,145. Discounted fares for four voyages
(Feb. 15 and 22, March 29 and Nov. 27, 1997) start at $4,645. (Air add-on from
East Coast cities, including Orlando, is $295.) For more information, call (800)
333-3333.

* Through mid-December, Celebrity Cruises has a slew of seven-day sailings at
cruise-only starting fares of $699 on eastern and western Caribbean itineraries
and on sailings from San Juan to the southern Caribbean.

Fans of new ships can sail one-week Caribbean cruises on the 1,870-passenger
Galaxy, which debuts Dec. 29. Advance purchase discounts can shave 50 percent
off Galaxy's $2,075 starting fares. For more information, call (800) 437-3111.

* Star Clippers is inaugurating Far East cruises on the four-masted Star Flyer
with $1,000 discounts per outside cabin. Discounted cruise-only rates, from
$1,195 per person, apply on the first five sailings between Phuket and Singapore
beginning Nov. 16. For more information, call (800) 442-0551.

* If you book by Feb. 1, 1997, you can reel in a 20 percent discount on one-week
summer cruises to the Grenadines on a historic three-masted topsail schooner.
Tall Ship Adventures' 30-passenger Sir Francis Drake, built in 1917, begins
cruising July 5 to such unique islands as Bequia, Canouan and Carriacou.
Discounted cruise-only rates on the "100 percent casual" vessel start at $796.
For more information, call (800) 662-0090.

* American Hawaii Cruises offers savings of $800 per couple on nine-day packages
that combine seven-day cruises with a two-night hotel stay on any one of the
Hawaiian islands. Departures through Dec. 14 on the Independence also include
inter-island air transportation and a two-day car rental with unlimited mileage.

Cruises from January through March include two nights in a Waikiki hotel and a
$100 shipboard credit per cabin. For more information, call (800) 765-7000.

* Royal Caribbean Cruise Line has specials for senior citizens. For instance,
Song of Norway's 10-night Caribbean cruises from Miami to San Juan start at
$899, including return air transportation to Miami. (Apply your frequent-flier
mileage for return air and deduct $200 more.) The offer is effective November
through January, excluding holidays.

Seniors net cruise-only fares from $699 on Majesty of the Seas' seven-night
western Caribbean cruises in January and February; third or fourth passengers of
any age that share a cabin pay just $99. Call (800) 327-6700.

* Windstar Cruises has reduced South Pacific air/sea packages by 45 percent to
$2,695 through the end of December. Fares include seven-day cruise departures
from Tahiti on the sailing ship Wind Song and round-trip air from L.A.
(Departures between December and March are $100 higher.) For more information,
call (800) 258-7245.

* Orient Lines' Marco Polo embarks on a 20-day journey from India to Israel on
April 15, 1997. If you book by Dec. 18, you can shave 10 percent from the $4,695
land/cruise package price (excluding air) plus get an optional $750 Taj Mahal
pre-cruise excursion at half price.

Marco Polo's land/cruise portion automatically includes a two-night hotel stay
in Jerusalem and half-day sightseeing in both Bombay and Jerusalem. However,
passengers not wanting to miss a chance to see the Taj Mahal can opt to fly
first to Delhi for a three-day excursion that includes two nights in Delhi and
one in Agra, home of the Taj Mahal. For more information, call (800) 333-7300.

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              528 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                  The Observer

                                 June 29, 2003

Cash: Fixed Perspective: Who's doing the best deals

SECTION: Observer Cash Pages, Pg. 3

LENGTH: 373 words


Two years

* Charcol: discounted at 0.32 per cent below base rate to give a current rate of
3.43 per cent. Completion fee pounds 295, redemption penalties during discounted
period.

* Charcol: fixed at 3.39 per cent, for loans over pounds 150,000. Completion fee
pounds 395 and booking fee pounds 49. Redemption penalties during fixed period,
but you can repay 25 per cent of the capital each year penalty - free.

* Britannia: fixed at 3.34 per cent, completion fee pounds 299, redemption
penalties during fixed period.

Three years

* Cheshire Building Society: discounted by 2.16 per cent to 3.49 per cent. You
can repay up to pounds 5,000 a year penalty - free, free valuation up to pounds
750,000, but pounds 275 application fee.

* Derbyshire Building Society: discounted by 2 per cent to 3.69 per cent.
Completion fee pounds 220, booking fee pounds 75. Redemption penalties during
discounted period, but borrowers can repay up to 10 per cent of capital each
year without penalty.

* Bank of Ireland: fixed at 3.65 per cent. Completion fee pounds 299. Redemption
penalties during fixed period.

Five years

* Lambeth Building Society: bank base rate for five years, so 3.75 per cent.
Collar to stop rate falling below 3 per cent. No redemption penalties, even
during discount period. Completion fee pounds 390.

* Woolwich: fixed at 3.99 per cent. Completion fee pounds 295. Redemption
penalties apply but you can repay up to 10 per cent each year penalty - free.

Ten years +

* Woolwich: fixed for 10 years at 4.69 per cent. Completion fee pounds 295,
redemption penalties throughout, but you can pay back up to 5 per cent a year
penalty - free.

* Manchester Building Society: fixed for 25 years at 5.09 per cent. Redemption
penalties for 10 years, but 10 per cent repayments allowed. Completion fee
pounds 395.

* Cheshire Building Society: fixed for 25 years at 5.14 per cent. Redemption
penalties apply throughout the term, but there is a three - month window in year
six and alternating years after that to redeem the loan penalty - free. You can
also repay up to pounds 5,000 of capital each year penalty - free. Completion
fee pounds 275.

Source: Charcol (Tel: 0800 718191)


LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUB-TYPE: PAPER

                   Copyright 2003 Guardian Newspapers Limited


                              529 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Discount Rangers Tickets

LENGTH: 116  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: The University of Texas, The State of Texas  has issued the following
news release:



    Discount Rangers Tickets

 (Sports and Recreation)



 Texas Rangers VS. Seattle Mariners

 Post-Game Fireworks Show

 Visit www.texasrangers.com /grouptickets, click on University of Texas at
Arlington and use the password GOMAVS to get your discounted tickets today!





 Location:     Globe Life Park in Arlington

 Price:     Discounted tickets for UTA

 Sponsor:     College Town UTA

 Contact:     Jeremy Christopher

 E-Mail: jchristopher@texasrangers.com

 817-273-5173
  7:05pm

  Friday, June 3, 2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              530 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                              July 15, 2012 Sunday

Group deals boost county businesses;
Annapolis-based Landmarks Great Deals uses social marketing to promote discounts

BYLINE: SHANTEÉ WOODARDS Staff Writer

SECTION: B; Pg.3

LENGTH: 721  words


This spring's erratic weather made for slow business at the Inn at Horn Point,
so Cory Bonney decided to do something different.

In March, he partnered with Landmarks Great Deals, which emails about 70,000
people discounted deals in Anne Arundel County. Bonney's offer was a discounted
$199 rate for a two-night stay at his Annapolis bed and breakfast. The usual
rate is $169 for a weekday stay and $179 for a night on the weekend.

Four couples took the deal, and he expects at least three of them to become
repeat customers.

Since then, he has signed up with similar promotional programs such as Troop
Swap, which provides discounts to active military personnel. About six of those
offers have been sold, and one reservation has been made.

"I was pleased with the way it worked out (but) it wasn't quite the volume I
would have wanted," Bonney said of his Landmarks partnership. "It wasn't a lot
of trouble to do. It wasn't an out-of-pocket expense, and it wasn't a lost
opportunity for a regular-rated customer. So from that standpoint, it was
successful."

Last year, Annapolis-based Landmark Marketing Inc. decided to get in the group
deal business by launching Landmarks Great Deals. Similar to Groupon and Living
Social, Landmarks uses email, Facebook and Twitter to promote daily discounts.

The promotions enable customers to benefit from discounts, while business owners
gain publicity. Customers have to abide by various restrictions, such as days
and time, while business owners have to be prepared for the additional exposure.
In 2010, the first Annapolis Food and Wine Festival resulted in refunds after a
deal with Living Social oversold the event with 2,000 tickets.

"Generally, the staff I have here has been able to accommodate all of the
customers, and they don't really swarm in all at once," Mexican Cafe owner
Pamela Gladfelter said.

Mexican Cafe used a Living Social promotion that resulted in 1,000 customers.
"It's like a steady stream of them over the course of time. Toward the very end,
when the coupon expires, you'll get a little surge, and in the beginning you get
a little surge. It's low-key in the middle."

Landmark Marketing Inc. President Ron Szpatura got in the group deal business
after reading a Forbes article about Groupon, where owners said their success
was predicated upon their relationship with business owners. Szpatura already
had established relationships through the travel publications his company
provides in eight cities including Annapolis. He decided to take it a step
farther.

Now, Landmarks Great Deals also uses Facebook and Twitter to connect with
clients. The company doesn't charge a fee for the service, but splits the
discount. If a meal is offered for $20 off, that would be the figure that is
split in half.

"What we can do is put together your information, your story, your restaurant,
and send it out to tens of thousands of people, and a certain percentage are
going to open up the email," Szpatura said. "They're gonna read about your
restaurant or your store and they're going to be reminded of what a wonderful
thing you have. That's the perfect time to make some kind of offer that would
motivate them to come in."

Mexican Cafe is in the midst of doing its second deal with Landmarks Great
Deals, offering 50 percent off meals. Because the West Annapolis business gets
so busy on the weekends, the special had been available during the week.

Gladfelter, the owner, also has used Living Social and WonderDeal offered
through What's Up? Media. So far, Living Social has had the most results.

"(The deals) rewards your loyal regulars and keeps the momentum going for the
restaurant," Gladfelter said. "Customers are creatures of habit, and if they
really like it, they'll come back. It doesn't matter if you have a deal in
place, it keeps them in the habit of thinking about you."

Szpatura is looking for new opportunities to expand. This arm of his company has
partnered with the Baltimore-based Social Toaster, which helps businesses turn
their Facebook followers into brand advocates.

"(The deals) create buzz, which is really largely what social marketing is all
about, to create buzz, electronic buzz," Szpatura said. "It's kind of like a
cross between Las Vegas and the shopping center. Are you gonna get a great deal
today or not? And who (are you) going to get it from?"

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Last year, the Annapolis-based Landmark Marketing Inc. decided to get in
the group deal business by launching Landmarks Great Deals. Similar to Groupon
and Living Social, Landmarks uses email, Facebook and Twitter to promote daily
discounts

GRAPHIC: Ron Szpatura, owner of Landmarks Great Deals, shows how the process
works and how customers gain the discounts on the website. He launched this arm
of his company about a year ago.
Ron Szpatura, owner of Landmarks Great Deals, shows how the process works and
how customers gain the discounts on the website. He launched this arm of his
company about a year ago.
Landmarks traffic manager Whitney Torrence takes a look at some of the recent
ads and deals available to the public.
Landmarks traffic manager Whitney Torrence takes a look at some of the recent
ads and deals available to the public.
Landmarks Great Deals office accounting manager Amy Cherry runs the numbers
Wednesday from recent ad campaigns.
Landmarks Great Deals office accounting manager Amy Cherry runs the numbers
Wednesday from recent ad campaigns.
Landmark Marketing Inc. President Ron Szpatura talks about the offers Landmarks
Great Deals have made in Anne Arundel over the last year. Each day, he emails
about 70,000 Anne Arundel County residents about business specials.
Landmark Marketing Inc. President Ron Szpatura talks about the offers Landmarks
Great Deals have made in Anne Arundel over the last year. Each day, he emails
about 70,000 Anne Arundel County residents about business specials.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2012 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              531 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 31, 2016 Tuesday

Texas: Discount Rangers Tickets

LENGTH: 117  words

DATELINE: New York



 Austin: The University of Texas, The State of Texas  has issued the following
news release:



   7:05pm           Discount Rangers Tickets

 (Sports and Recreation)



 Texas Rangers VS. Seattle Mariners

 Post-Game Fireworks Show

 Visit www.texasrangers.com /grouptickets, click on University of Texas at
Arlington and use the password GOMAVS to get your discounted tickets today!





 Location:     Globe Life Park in Arlington

 Price:     Discounted tickets for UTA

 Sponsor:     College Town UTA

 Contact:     Jeremy Christopher

 E-Mail: jchristopher@texasrangers.com

 817-273-5173
  Friday, June 3, 2016



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: June 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              532 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           October 23, 2008 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

STARTING JAN. 1, YOU'LL PAY MORE TO PARK AT MINNEAPOLIS-ST. PAUL INTERNATIONAL
AIRPORT.

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 61 words


The Metropolitan Airports Commission is raising the rates for long-term parking
by $2 a day. The maximum daily charge for those who park at the Lindbergh
terminal will rise from $18 to $20. The discounted ePark rate will go from $16
to $18. Rates for long-term parking at the Humphrey terminal will jump from $14
to $16. The discounted ePark rate will go from $12 to $14.

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              533 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            April 12, 2008 Saturday
                                  Mars Edition

Briefs

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 667 words


Indianapolis

Ivy Tech strikes deal with Dell Inc.

Ivy Tech Community College has entered into a three-year partnership with Dell
Inc.

The agreement will allow for discounted pricing for statewide buying of laptop
and desktop computers, the college announced today.

The deal will simplify management of the college's information technology and
make it more accessible for students and employees, according to the college.
Ivy Tech expects the agreement to save the college about $1.3 million a year.

Ivy Tech students, faculty and staff will be able to buy Dell computers at
discounted prices.

Ivy Tech serves about 110,000 students statewide.

SOUTH BEND

Rollover accident sends one to hospital

A morning rollover accident at Mayflower and Edison roads sent one person to the
hospital with minor injuries.

St. Joseph County police say the accident happened before 8 a.m. Friday, when a
vehicle driven by William Reese, 51, of Illinois, disregarded a stoplight and
struck a van driven by Jerald Sobieralski, 69, of Lydick.

Sobieralski's van rolled over, pinning him inside. It took crews from the
Portage Township Fire Department 45 minutes to remove him from the vehicle. He
was then taken to Saint Joseph Regional Medical Center with injuries to his
arms.

Police said Reese, who wasn't injured, told officers that he was lost and had
glanced down at his directions, causing him to miss seeing the stoplight.

Clean Your Files Day is Wednesday

Clean Your Files Day will be from 7 a.m. to 4 p.m. Wednesday at the College
Football Hall of Fame.

Businesses and individuals are invited to bring magazines, newspapers and all
other paper that rips or tears to the Hall of Fame for recycling. Waste
Management Inc. will accept any amount of paper for recycling at no charge.

On-site shredding for secure documents will be done by Mountain High Shredding.
Up to 50 pounds will be free. Secure document shredding also will be available
for free at Central Files for up to 200 pounds, for those that are required to
meet specific government guidelines for shredding.

Clean Your Files Day is part of the city's Earth Day celebration.

Pure Fashion show, dinner set for Sunday

Pure Fashion, a program that encourages teen girls to dress, live and behave
with dignity, will host an event from 4 to 7 p.m. Sunday at the Palais Royale.

The program will include a dinner, teen clothes fashion show and entertainment.
A silent auction is planned for at 3 p.m. in the lobby of the Morris Civic
Performing Arts Center.

Special guests will include NewsCenter 16 morning anchor Tricia Sloma as emcee
and Canadian Christian singer Janelle.

About 30 local teen girls will model clothes from local stores that are trendy,
yet meet the standards of modesty endorsed by Pure Fashion.

Pure Fashion began in 1999 when a group of mothers with teenage daughters
decided it was time to start turning the tide of the fashion trends - all of
which seemed to be skimpy, revealing and degrading

For more information on Sunday's events, go to www.purefashion.com.

Show to talk about airport, airline woes

The call-in radio show "Providing Options" will talk Sunday with John Schalliol,
director of the South Bend Regional Airport, about the impact of the airport's
expansion and recent airline woes.

ATA recently shut down, and American Airlines has been canceling scores of
flights to do inspections.

The show will air at 9:05 p.m. on WSBT-AM (960). The call-in number is (574)
282-2696.

Garden tilling volunteer needed

The South Bend Community Garden is looking for somebody with a big tiller who is
willing to help till an area that's now a lawn.

The community garden is located behind the Ella Morris and Muessel-Ellison
Conservatories on Mishawaka Avenue.

If you can help, e-mail Krista Bailey at sbgardens@yahoo.com or call her at
(574) 233-1055.

Portage Avenue to remain open

Portage Avenue will remain open next week and will not close as originally
planned.

The city will release more information as details on construction are released.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2008 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              534 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

Rolly: Applying for free or discounted school lunches keeps getting trickier

BYLINE: By Paul Rolly The Salt Lake Tribune

SECTION: POLITICS; News; State

LENGTH: 690 words


I have written before about certain attitudes in the Davis School District
toward students who qualify for free or discounted school lunches.

Former School Board member Peter Cannon proposed free-lunch students get
different colored tickets. He also wanted to give those pupils
peanut-butter-and-jelly sandwiches instead of the regular hot meals.

Neither proposal passed.

Now the district's Nutrition Services office has changed its application process
for free and reduced-price lunches.

All applications must be submitted online. Parents also must know their
students' ID numbers and have Internet access and an email address.

A teacher at a Title I school says the students most likely to need discounted
or free lunches frequently live in homes with no computers or with no Internet
access. She says 20 percent of her students' parents don't have email addresses.

District spokesman Chris Williams says the push for online applications is a
federal mandate. He said notices were sent last year to the homes of students
who get free or discounted meals, detailing the online process and offering the
option of filling out a paper application and presenting it at school.

He also said schools have employees on hand to help parents complete the
application online.

But the teacher said her principal informed her that school administrators were
told at a district meeting that all applications had to be online. She said many
parents would not want to come to the school because of the embarrassment of
applying for free or discounted lunches.

She fears some parents will give up and go without the assistance. So let them
eat cake.'

ccc

He said, he said - I wrote in Wednesday's column about South Jordan City
Councilman Chuck Newton's claim that one of his losing primary opponents, Andrew
Petersen, attempted to bribe him to drop out of the race so that Petersen could
get on the fall ballot.

Petersen did not respond to repeated attempts to reach him until after the
column ran. When he finally did call, he said Newton made the whole thing up.

For his part, Newton stands by his statements and his letter to the City Council
detailing the conversation he had with Petersen.

Salt Lake County District Attorney Sim Gill has confirmed his office is
investigating.

ccc

Kids will be kids - During their recent tour of southern Utah, legislators had
the option of hiking in Arches or river rafting near Moab. Those who chose the
water adventure got more than they bargained for.

Some lawmakers started throwing water from buckets into the other boats. An
all-out water fight ensued. One legislative staffer ccc a Democrat, of course
ccc was tossed into the river.

Most seemed to enjoy the watery war, but a few were not amused, especially since
they were wearing watches and had their cellphones out.

ccc

Captive audience - While on buses during the tour, the legislators were treated
to a video from the Utah Mining Association that talked about the virtues of
oil, gas and coal exploration and the evils of President Barack Obama's
clean-air initiatives.

One lawmaker complained that the Legislature spent $70,000 (the cost of the
trip) to listen to lobbyist propaganda when they can do that for free at the
Capitol.

Another video was presented by Sanpete County and made a one-sided argument
about why disputed water rights with Carbon County should go Sanpete's way.
Another lawmaker noted the video never explained that Sanpete wants the water
for alfalfa while Carbon wants it for drinking water.

ccc

Twist and shout - The lawmakers also stopped at Dead Horse Point State Park and
listened to a presentation from Grand County officials about their efforts to
balance land use among conservation, recreation and energy development.

As they made the presentation, state Rep. Mike Noel, R-Kanab, went into a
frenzy, accusing the Grand County folks of stifling development and killing
energy. He shouted and shouted.

When the officials insisted they had a balanced approach, he called them liars.
His tantrum didn't stop until House Majority Leader Jim Dunnigan,
R-Taylorsville, walked over, put his hands on Noel's shoulders and whispered in
his ear.

prolly@sltrib.com

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              535 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  February 14, 1996, Wednesday, Final Edition

Va. Insurer Accused of Overcharging Firms; Trigon Failed to Pass on Discounts
From Health Care Providers, Labor Dept. Says

Stuart Auerbach, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 630 words


The Labor Department has accused Trigon Blue Cross Blue Shield of Richmond of
not giving corporate clients the full benefit of more than $ 58 million in
discounts that it won from doctors, hospitals and other health care providers.

These corporate clients had hired Trigon to administer self-insured health care
plans that they established for their workers.

The federal assault on Virginia's largest health insurer comes after Trigon
agreed last November to settle a civil lawsuit brought by the state accusing it
of overcharging individual policyholders for more than a decade by not giving
them the full discount. It paid a $ 5 million fine to the state and $ 73 million
to more than 600,000 policyholders.

But Trigon officials said the Labor Department accusations, which were first
reported yesterday in the Wall Street Journal, differ substantially from the
case involving individual policyholders.

"We disagree with the department's preliminary conclusions regarding our
company" and are convinced that "after a continuing dialogue and more
information" the Labor Department "will reach a conclusion that is more in our
favor," said Trigon spokeswoman Brooke Taylor.

Labor Secretary Robert B. Reich declined comment on the Trigon case because it
is still going on, but said it is one of a number of investigations undertaken
by his department "to make sure that people are not being overcharged for their
health insurance."

Trigon, which serves all of the state except Northern Virginia, wants to convert
from nonprofit status to a for-profit public stock company that could provide
coverage up and down the East Coast.

The Labor Department accusations were detailed in a letter sent to Trigon in
September. Agency officials said the Trigon probe is part of a nationwide
investigation into possible violations of federal pension laws by insurers hired
to administer health care plans for companies that self-insure their employees.

In both situations, Trigon had followed a policy common among health insurers of
negotiating discounted fees from providers, but it had failed to pass on the
full amount of the discount to its corporate clients or individual
policyholders. This increases the medical bills for policyholders while saving
money for the insurer.

For example, if a medical bill totaled $ 1,000 and the policyholder was
obligated to pay a 20 percent share, the payment would be $ 200. But if the
insurer gets a discounted rate of $ 600 and pays just $ 400, the $ 200
co-payment by the policyholder amounts to one-third of the bill. Twenty percent
of the discounted bill would be $ 120, leaving the insurer with a $ 480 payment.

While the individual policyholders in Virginia were unaware that Trigon was
getting a discounted rate, leading to the multimillion-dollar settlement, Trigon
officials said companies knew about the discounts.

Taylor said Trigon's contracts with companies before 1994 gave the insurer the
"sole discretion" of how much of the discount should be shared. Since 1994,
contracts have stipulated a set percentage to be shared, usually 80 percent.

The Labor Department is looking into contracts from 1990 to 1993, when Trigon
served as the administrator for 381 companies that established more than 3,100
self-insured health care plans for their employees. "We believe we had entirely
proper contracts then," Taylor said.

Health insurance specialists said it is common for insurers to keep part of the
discounts without telling policyholders. This allows them to keep the premium
costs low, one explained.

The national investigation has been going on for two years. While the Labor
Department has won voluntary compliance from some insurers, in a few cases the
government has been forced to go to court.

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              536 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; National Fuel
Gas Distribution Corporation , has submitted (93-G-0932) NFGDC - Pipeline
Transportation Contract

LENGTH: 2813  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :

 January 19, 2017

 Via Electronic Filing

 Hon. Kathleen H. Burgess

 Secretary, New York State Public Service Commission

 New York State Public Service Commission

 Three Empire State Plaza

 Albany, NY 12223-1350

 Re: Filing of Natural Gas Purchase Agreements

 Case No. 93-G-0932

 Dear Secretary Burgess:



 Pursuant to Section 110 of the Public Service Law, and Ms. McCarran's December
29, 2011

 correspondence, National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation submits for filing
with the New York Public

 Service Commission a natural gas transportation agreement with an interstate
pipeline.

 Please address any questions to my attention at (716) 857-7107 or via email.

 Respectfully submitted,

 Robert M. Michalski

 Asst. General Manager

 Gas Supply Administration Dept.

 michalskib@natfuel.com

 n

 ()

 )

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1 day of January, 2017, by
and

 between TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE COMPANY, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company,

 hereinafter referred to as "Transporter' and NATIONAL FUEL GAS DISTRIBUTION

 CORPORATION, a NEW YORK CORPORATION, hereinafter referred to as "Shipper."

 Transporter and Shipper shall collectively be referred to herein as the
"Parties."

 ARTICLE I

 DEFINITIONS

 1.1 TRANSPORTATION QUANTITY - shall mean the maximum daily quantity of gas
which

 Transporter agrees to receive and Transport on a firm basis, subject to Article
II herein, for

 the account of Shipper hereunder on each day during the term hereof, as
specified on

 Exhibit A attached hereto. Any limitations on the quantities to be received
from each Point of

 Receipt and/or delivered to each Point of Delivery shall be as specified on
Exhibit A attached

 hereto.

 1.2 EQUIVALENT QUANTITY - shall be as defined in Article I of the General Terms
and

 Conditions of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff.

 ARTICLE II

 TRANSPORTATION

 Transportation Service - Transporter agrees to accept and receive daily on a
firm basis, at the

 Point(s) of Receipt from Shipper or for Shipper's account such quantity of gas
as Shipper makes

 available up to the Transportation Quantity, and to deliver to or for the
account of Shipper to the

 Point(s) of Delivery an Equivalent Quantity of gas.

 ARTICLE Ill

 POINT(S) OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY

 The Primary Point(s) of Receipt and Delivery shall be those points specified on
Exhibit A attached

 hereto.

 ARTICLE IV

 All facilities are in place to render the service provided for in this
Agreement.

 ARTICLEV

 QUALITY SPECIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS FOR MEASUREMENT

 For all gas received, transported and delivered hereunder the Parties agree to
the Quality

 Specifications and Standards for Measurement as specified in the General Terms
and Conditions

 of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff Volume No. 1. To the extent that no new
measurement

 facilities are installed to provide service hereunder, measurement operations
will continue in the

 manner in which they have previously been handled. In the event that such
facilities are not

 operated by Transporter or a downstream pipeline, then responsibility for
operations shall be

 deemed to be Shipper's.

 0

 (-)

 6.1

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 ARTICLE VI

 RATES AND CHARGES FOR GAS TRANSPORTATION

 TRANSPORTATION RATES - Commencing upon the effective date hereof, the rates,

 charges, and surcharges to be paid by Shipper to Transporter for the
transportation service

 provided herein shall be in accordance with Transporters Rate Schedule FT-A and
the

 General Terms and Conditions of Transporters FERG Gas Tariff. Except as
provided to the

 contrary in any written or electronic agreement(s) between Transporter and
Shipper in effect

 during the term of this Agreement, Shipper shall pay Transporter the applicable
maximum

 rate(s) and all other applicable charges and surcharges specWied in the Summary
of Rates

 in Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff and in this Rate Schedule. Transporter and
Shipper may

 agree that a specific discounted rate will apply only to certain volumes under
the agreement.

 Transporter and Shipper may agree that a specified discounted rate will apply
only to

 specified volumes (MDQ, TQ, commodity volumes, Extended Receipt and Delivery
Service

 Volumes or Authorized Overrun volumes) under the Agreement; that a specified
discounted

 rate will apply only if specified volumes are achieved (with the maximum rates
applicable to

 volumes above the specified volumes or to all volumes if the specified volumes
are never

 achieved); that a specified discounted rate will apply only during specmed
periods of the year

 or over a specifically defined period of time; that a specified discounted rate
will apply only to

 specified points, zones, markets or other defined geographical area; and/or
that a specified

 discounted rate will apply only to production or reserves committed or
dedicated to

 Transporter. Transporter and Shipper may agree to a specified discounted rate
pursuant to

 the provisions of this Section 6.1 provided that the discounted rate is between
the applicable

 maximum and minimum rates for this service.

 In addition, a discount agreement may include a provision that if one rate
component which

 was at or below the applicable Maximum Rate at the time the discount agreement
was

 executed subsequently exceeds the applicable Maximum Rate due to a change in

 Transporters Maximum Rates so that such rate component must be adjusted
downward to

 equal the new applicable Maximum Rate, then other rate components may be
adjusted

 upward to achieve the agreed overall rate, as long as none of the resulting
rate components

 exceed the Maximum Rate applicable to that rate component. Such changes to rate


 components shall be applied prospectively, commencing with the date a
Commission Order

 accepts revised tariff sheet rates. However, nothing contained herein shall be
construed to

 alter a refund obligation under applicable law for any period during which
rates that had

 been charged under a discount agreement exceeded rates which ultimately are
found to be

 just and reasonable.

 6.2 INCIDENTAL CHARGES - Shipper agrees to reimburse Transporter for any filing
or

 similar fees, which have not been previously paid for by Shipper, which
Transporter

 incurs in rendering service hereunder.

 6.3 CHANGES IN RA TES AND CHARGES - Shipper agrees that Transporter shall have
the

 unilateral right to file with the appropriate regulatory authority and make
effective changes

 in (a) the rates and charges applicable to service pursuant to Transporter's
Rate

 Schedule FT-A, (b) the rate schedule(s) pursuant to which service hereunder is
rendered,

 or (c) any provision of the General Terms and Conditions applicable to those
rate

 schedules. Transporter agrees that Shipper may protest or contest the
aforementioned

 filings, or may seek authorization from duly constituted regulatory authorities
for such

 ()

 ()

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 adjustment of Transporter's existing FERG Gas Tariff as may be found necessary
to

 assure Transporter just and reasonable rates.

 ARTICLE VII

 BILLINGS AND PAYMENTS

 Transporter shall bill and Shipper shall pay all rates and charges in
accordance with Articles VII and

 VIII, respectively, of the General Terms and Conditions of the FERG Gas Tariff.


 ARTICLE VIII

 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

 This Agreement shall be subject to the effective provisions of Transporter's
Rate Schedule FT-A and

 to the General Terms and Conditions incorporated therein, as the same may be
changed or

 superseded from time to time in accordance with the rules and regulations of
the FERG.

 9.1

 ARTICLE IX

 REGULATION

 This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable and lawful governmental
statutes, orders,

 rules and regulations and is contingent upon the receipt and continuation of
all necessary

 regulatory approvals or authorizations upon terms acceptable to Transporter.
This

 Agreement shall be void and of no force and effect if any necessary regulatory
approval is

 not so obtained or continued. All Parties hereto shall cooperate to obtain or
continue all

 necessary approvals or authorizations, but no Party shall be liable to any
other Party for

 failure to obtain or continue such approvals or authorizations.

 9.2 The transportation service described herein shall be provided subject to
Subpart G, Part 284

 of the FERG Regulations.

 ARTICLEX

 RESPONSIBILITY DURING TRANSPORTATION

 Except as herein specified, the responsibility for gas during transportation
shall be as stated in the

 General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff Volume No. 1.

 ARTICLE XI

 WARRANTIES

 11.1 In addition to the warranties set forth in Article XI of the General Terms
and Conditions of

 Transporters FERG Gas Tariff, Shipper warrants the following:

 (a) Shipper warrants that all upstream and downstream transportation
arrangements

 are in place, or will be in place as of the requested effective date of
service, and

 that it has advised the upstream and downstream transporters of the receipt and


 delivery points under this Agreement and any quantity limitations for each
point

 C)

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 as specified on Exhibit "A" attached hereto. Shipper agrees to indemnify and

 hold Transporter harmless for refusal to transport gas hereunder in the event
any

 upstream or downstream transporter fails to receive or deliver gas as

 contemplated by this Agreement.

 (b) Shipper agrees to indemnify and hold Transporter harmless from all suits,

 actions, debts, accounts, damages, costs, losses and expenses (including

 reasonable attorneys fees) arising from or out of breach of any warranty by

 Shipper herein.

 11.2 Transporter shall not be obligated to provide or continue service
hereunder in the event of

 any breach of warranty.

 ARTICLE XII

 TERM

 12. 1 This Agreement shall be effective as of 1 January, 2017 and shall remain
in force and

 effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, through 31 March, 2019 ('Primary
Term') and on a

 month to month basis thereafter unless terminated by either Party upon at least
thirty (30)

 days prior written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that if the
Primary Term is

 less than one year, then notice of termination may be provided via
Transporter's

 Interactive Website; provided further, that ifthe Primary Term is one year or
more, then

 any rights to Shipper's extension of this Agreement afterthe Primary Term shall
be

 governed by Article V, Section 4 of the General Terms and Conditions of
Transporter's

 FERG Gas Tariff; and provided further, that if the FERG or other governmental
body

 having jurisdiction over the service rendered pursuant to this Agreement
authorizes

 abandonment of such service, this Agreement shall terminate on the abandonment
date

 permitted by the FERG or such other governmental body.

 12.2 Any portions of this Agreement necessary to resolve or cash out imbalances
under this

 Agreement as required by the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's
Tariff shall

 survive the other parts of this Agreement until such time as such balancing has
been

 accomplished; provided, however, that Transporter notifies Shipper of such
imbalance not

 later than twelve months after the termination of this Agreement.

 12.3 This Agreement will terminate automatically upon written notice from
Transporter in the

 event Shipper fails to pay all of the amount of any bill for service rendered
by Transporter

 hereunder in accord with the terms and conditions of Article VIII of the
General Terms and

 Conditions ofTransporter's FERG Gas Tariff.

 ARTICLE XIII

 NOTICE

 Except as otherwise provided in the General Terms and Conditions applicable to
this Agreement,

 any notice under this Agreement shall be in writing and mailed to the address
of the Party intended

 to receive the same, as follows:

 0

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 TRANSPORTER:

 SHIPPER:

 NOTICES:

 Attention:

 BILLING:

 Attention:

 Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, L.L.C.

 1001 Louisiana Street, Suite 1000

 Houston, Texas 77002

 Attention: Director, Transportation Services

 National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation

 6363 Main Street

 Williamsville, NY 14221

 John Polka

 National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation

 6363 Main Street

 Williamsville, NY 14221

 John Polka

 or to such other address as either Party shall designate by formal written
notice to the other.

 ARTICLE XIV

 ASSIGNMENTS

 14.1 Either Party may assign or pledge this Agreement and all rights and
obligations hereunder

 under the provisions of any mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, or other
instrument which it

 has executed or may execute hereafter as security for indebtedness. Either
Party may,

 without relieving itself of its obligation under this Agreement, assign any of
its rights

 hereunder to a company with which it is affiliated. Otherwise, Shipper shall
not assign this

 Agreement or any of its rights hereunder, except in accord with Article VI,
Section 1 of the

 General Temns and Conditions of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff.

 14.2 Any person which shall succeed by purchase, merger, or consolidation to
the properties,

 substantially as an entirety, of either Party hereto shall be entitled to the
rights and shall be

 subject to the obligations of its predecessor in interest under this Agreement.


 ARTICLE XV

 MISCELLANEOUS

 15.1 THE INTERPRETATION AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE IN

 ACCORDANCE WITH AND CONTROLLED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS,

 WITHOUT REGARD TO THE DOCTRINES GOVERNING CHOICE OF LAW.

 15.2 If any provision of this Agreement is declared null and void, or voidable,
by a court of

 competent jurisdiction, then that provision will be considered severable at
either Party's

 ()

 \

 j

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 option; and ifthe severability option is exercised, the remaining provisions of
the Agreement

 shall remain in full force and effect.

 15.3 Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or Transporters Gas
Tariff, no

 modification of or supplement to the terms and provisions stated in this
Agreement shall be

 or become effective until Shipper has submitted a request for change through
Transporters

 Interactive Website and Shipper has been notified through Transporters
Interactive Website

 of Transporter's agreement to such change.

 15.4 Exhibits "A" and "B" attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference
and made a part

 hereof for all purposes.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly

 executed as of the date first hereinabove written.

 NATIONAL FUEL GAS DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION

 OY ~ Ol111iI >OlkaJ; ~

 TITLE: Assistant Vice President

 DA TE: _ __,/-=?.-·' 2._B_-_l_i ___

 "-

 ,,...----.._[\

 '\..._;!

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 EXHIBIT A

 AMENDMENT NO. 0

 TO GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 DATED January 1, 2017

 BETWEEN

 TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE COMPANY, L.L.C.

 AND

 NATIONAL FUEL GAS DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION

 Amendment Effective Date: January 1, 2017

 Service Package: 325888-FTATGP

 Service Package TO: 2500 Dth

 BEGINNING DATE ENDING DATE

 0110112017 0313112019

 BEGINNING ENDING METER METERNAME

 DATE DATE

 0110112017 0313112019 412854 BRDWLKITGP VALENTINE

 DEHY: RIP 320P

 01101/2017 03/31/2019 420527 NFG/TGP ROSE LAKE

 POTTER

 Number of Receipt Points: 1

 Number of Delivery Points: 1

 INTERCONNECT PARTY NAME

 BOARDWALK FIELD SERVICES,

 LLC

 NATIONAL FUEL SUPPLY

 TQ

 2500

 COUNTY ST ZONE RID

 PA 4 R

 SUSQUEHAN

 NA

 POTTER PA 4

 Total Receipt TQ 2500

 Total Delivery TQ 2500

 D

 .~

 ·~

 LEG METER-TO

 300 2500

 300 2500

 ~'

 ~ ~ 0 ~

 Other Provisions PeITTli!ted By Tariff Under the Applicable Rate Schedule
and/or General Terms and Conditions and Pursuant to Article XXXVI of

 the General TeITTls and Conditions of Tennessee's FERC Gas Tariff:

 Note: Exhibit A is a reflection of the contract and all amendments as of the
amendment effective date.

 Additional Information

 ()

 GAS T'RANSPORTATJON AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FToA Rate Schedule)

 EXF!IBITB

 TQ GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 DATED January 1, 2017

 BETWEEN

 TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE COMP ANY, L.L.C.

 AND

 NATIONAL FUEL GAS DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION

 REVENUE REDUCTION OPTIONPROVISIONS*

 SERVICE PACKAGE:

 OP'I1()1') PER!OD(S)

 OPTION DESCRIPTION

 OPTION CONSIDERATION

 ANVL!Ml:TATIONS ON

 THE EXERCISE OF TBE

 REVENUE REDUCTION

 OPTION AS BID BY

 THE SHJPPER:

 * NOTICE MUST BE GIVEN AS PROVIDED FOR IN THE NET PRESENT VALUE

 STANDARD OF THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS,





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              537 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 24, 2017 Tuesday

Regulatory update: New York State Department of Public Service; National Fuel
Gas Distribution Corporation , has submitted (93-G-0932) NFGDC - Pipeline
Transportation Contract

LENGTH: 2784  words

DATELINE: New York



 Albany: New York State Department of Public Service has issued the following
document :





 Via Electronic Filing

 Hon. Kathleen H. Burgess

 Secretary, New York State Public Service Commission

 New York State Public Service Commission

 Three Empire State Plaza

 Albany, NY 12223-1350

 Re: Filing of Natural Gas Purchase Agreements

 Case No. 93-G-0932

 Dear Secretary Burgess:



 Pursuant to Section 110 of the Public Service Law, and Ms. McCarran's December
29, 2011

 correspondence, National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation submits for filing
with the New York Public

 Service Commission a natural gas transportation agreement with an interstate
pipeline.

 Please address any questions to my attention at (716) 857-7107 or via email.

 Respectfully submitted,

 Robert M. Michalski

 Asst. General Manager

 Gas Supply Administration Dept.

 michalskib@natfuel.com

 n

 ()

 )

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 THIS AGREEMENT is made and entered into as of the 1 day of January, 2017, by
and

 between TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE COMPANY, L.L.C., a Delaware limited liability
company,

 hereinafter referred to as "Transporter' and NATIONAL FUEL GAS DISTRIBUTION

 CORPORATION, a NEW YORK CORPORATION, hereinafter referred to as "Shipper."

 Transporter and Shipper shall collectively be referred to herein as the
"Parties."

 ARTICLE I

 DEFINITIONS

 1.1 TRANSPORTATION QUANTITY - shall mean the maximum daily quantity of gas
which

 Transporter agrees to receive and Transport on a firm basis, subject to Article
II herein, for

 the account of Shipper hereunder on each day during the term hereof, as
specified on

 Exhibit A attached hereto. Any limitations on the quantities to be received
from each Point of

 Receipt and/or delivered to each Point of Delivery shall be as specified on
Exhibit A attached

 hereto.

 1.2 EQUIVALENT QUANTITY - shall be as defined in Article I of the General Terms
and

 Conditions of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff.

 ARTICLE II

 TRANSPORTATION

 Transportation Service - Transporter agrees to accept and receive daily on a
firm basis, at the

 Point(s) of Receipt from Shipper or for Shipper's account such quantity of gas
as Shipper makes

 available up to the Transportation Quantity, and to deliver to or for the
account of Shipper to the

 Point(s) of Delivery an Equivalent Quantity of gas.

 ARTICLE Ill

 POINT(S) OF RECEIPT AND DELIVERY

 The Primary Point(s) of Receipt and Delivery shall be those points specified on
Exhibit A attached

 hereto.

 ARTICLE IV

 All facilities are in place to render the service provided for in this
Agreement.

 ARTICLEV

 QUALITY SPECIFICATIONS AND STANDARDS FOR MEASUREMENT

 For all gas received, transported and delivered hereunder the Parties agree to
the Quality

 Specifications and Standards for Measurement as specified in the General Terms
and Conditions

 of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff Volume No. 1. To the extent that no new
measurement

 facilities are installed to provide service hereunder, measurement operations
will continue in the

 manner in which they have previously been handled. In the event that such
facilities are not

 operated by Transporter or a downstream pipeline, then responsibility for
operations shall be

 deemed to be Shipper's.

 0

 (-)

 6.1

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 ARTICLE VI

 RATES AND CHARGES FOR GAS TRANSPORTATION

 TRANSPORTATION RATES - Commencing upon the effective date hereof, the rates,

 charges, and surcharges to be paid by Shipper to Transporter for the
transportation service

 provided herein shall be in accordance with Transporters Rate Schedule FT-A and
the

 General Terms and Conditions of Transporters FERG Gas Tariff. Except as
provided to the

 contrary in any written or electronic agreement(s) between Transporter and
Shipper in effect

 during the term of this Agreement, Shipper shall pay Transporter the applicable
maximum

 rate(s) and all other applicable charges and surcharges specWied in the Summary
of Rates

 in Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff and in this Rate Schedule. Transporter and
Shipper may

 agree that a specific discounted rate will apply only to certain volumes under
the agreement.

 Transporter and Shipper may agree that a specified discounted rate will apply
only to

 specified volumes (MDQ, TQ, commodity volumes, Extended Receipt and Delivery
Service

 Volumes or Authorized Overrun volumes) under the Agreement; that a specified
discounted

 rate will apply only if specified volumes are achieved (with the maximum rates
applicable to

 volumes above the specified volumes or to all volumes if the specified volumes
are never

 achieved); that a specified discounted rate will apply only during specmed
periods of the year

 or over a specifically defined period of time; that a specified discounted rate
will apply only to

 specified points, zones, markets or other defined geographical area; and/or
that a specified

 discounted rate will apply only to production or reserves committed or
dedicated to

 Transporter. Transporter and Shipper may agree to a specified discounted rate
pursuant to

 the provisions of this Section 6.1 provided that the discounted rate is between
the applicable

 maximum and minimum rates for this service.

 In addition, a discount agreement may include a provision that if one rate
component which

 was at or below the applicable Maximum Rate at the time the discount agreement
was

 executed subsequently exceeds the applicable Maximum Rate due to a change in

 Transporters Maximum Rates so that such rate component must be adjusted
downward to

 equal the new applicable Maximum Rate, then other rate components may be
adjusted

 upward to achieve the agreed overall rate, as long as none of the resulting
rate components

 exceed the Maximum Rate applicable to that rate component. Such changes to rate


 components shall be applied prospectively, commencing with the date a
Commission Order

 accepts revised tariff sheet rates. However, nothing contained herein shall be
construed to

 alter a refund obligation under applicable law for any period during which
rates that had

 been charged under a discount agreement exceeded rates which ultimately are
found to be

 just and reasonable.

 6.2 INCIDENTAL CHARGES - Shipper agrees to reimburse Transporter for any filing
or

 similar fees, which have not been previously paid for by Shipper, which
Transporter

 incurs in rendering service hereunder.

 6.3 CHANGES IN RA TES AND CHARGES - Shipper agrees that Transporter shall have
the

 unilateral right to file with the appropriate regulatory authority and make
effective changes

 in (a) the rates and charges applicable to service pursuant to Transporter's
Rate

 Schedule FT-A, (b) the rate schedule(s) pursuant to which service hereunder is
rendered,

 or (c) any provision of the General Terms and Conditions applicable to those
rate

 schedules. Transporter agrees that Shipper may protest or contest the
aforementioned

 filings, or may seek authorization from duly constituted regulatory authorities
for such

 ()

 ()

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 adjustment of Transporter's existing FERG Gas Tariff as may be found necessary
to

 assure Transporter just and reasonable rates.

 ARTICLE VII

 BILLINGS AND PAYMENTS

 Transporter shall bill and Shipper shall pay all rates and charges in
accordance with Articles VII and

 VIII, respectively, of the General Terms and Conditions of the FERG Gas Tariff.


 ARTICLE VIII

 GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS

 This Agreement shall be subject to the effective provisions of Transporter's
Rate Schedule FT-A and

 to the General Terms and Conditions incorporated therein, as the same may be
changed or

 superseded from time to time in accordance with the rules and regulations of
the FERG.

 9.1

 ARTICLE IX

 REGULATION

 This Agreement shall be subject to all applicable and lawful governmental
statutes, orders,

 rules and regulations and is contingent upon the receipt and continuation of
all necessary

 regulatory approvals or authorizations upon terms acceptable to Transporter.
This

 Agreement shall be void and of no force and effect if any necessary regulatory
approval is

 not so obtained or continued. All Parties hereto shall cooperate to obtain or
continue all

 necessary approvals or authorizations, but no Party shall be liable to any
other Party for

 failure to obtain or continue such approvals or authorizations.

 9.2 The transportation service described herein shall be provided subject to
Subpart G, Part 284

 of the FERG Regulations.

 ARTICLEX

 RESPONSIBILITY DURING TRANSPORTATION

 Except as herein specified, the responsibility for gas during transportation
shall be as stated in the

 General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff Volume No. 1.

 ARTICLE XI

 WARRANTIES

 11.1 In addition to the warranties set forth in Article XI of the General Terms
and Conditions of

 Transporters FERG Gas Tariff, Shipper warrants the following:

 (a) Shipper warrants that all upstream and downstream transportation
arrangements

 are in place, or will be in place as of the requested effective date of
service, and

 that it has advised the upstream and downstream transporters of the receipt and


 delivery points under this Agreement and any quantity limitations for each
point

 C)

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 as specified on Exhibit "A" attached hereto. Shipper agrees to indemnify and

 hold Transporter harmless for refusal to transport gas hereunder in the event
any

 upstream or downstream transporter fails to receive or deliver gas as

 contemplated by this Agreement.

 (b) Shipper agrees to indemnify and hold Transporter harmless from all suits,

 actions, debts, accounts, damages, costs, losses and expenses (including

 reasonable attorneys fees) arising from or out of breach of any warranty by

 Shipper herein.

 11.2 Transporter shall not be obligated to provide or continue service
hereunder in the event of

 any breach of warranty.

 ARTICLE XII

 TERM

 12. 1 This Agreement shall be effective as of 1 January, 2017 and shall remain
in force and

 effect, unless modified as per Exhibit B, through 31 March, 2019 ('Primary
Term') and on a

 month to month basis thereafter unless terminated by either Party upon at least
thirty (30)

 days prior written notice to the other Party; provided, however, that if the
Primary Term is

 less than one year, then notice of termination may be provided via
Transporter's

 Interactive Website; provided further, that ifthe Primary Term is one year or
more, then

 any rights to Shipper's extension of this Agreement afterthe Primary Term shall
be

 governed by Article V, Section 4 of the General Terms and Conditions of
Transporter's

 FERG Gas Tariff; and provided further, that if the FERG or other governmental
body

 having jurisdiction over the service rendered pursuant to this Agreement
authorizes

 abandonment of such service, this Agreement shall terminate on the abandonment
date

 permitted by the FERG or such other governmental body.

 12.2 Any portions of this Agreement necessary to resolve or cash out imbalances
under this

 Agreement as required by the General Terms and Conditions of Transporter's
Tariff shall

 survive the other parts of this Agreement until such time as such balancing has
been

 accomplished; provided, however, that Transporter notifies Shipper of such
imbalance not

 later than twelve months after the termination of this Agreement.

 12.3 This Agreement will terminate automatically upon written notice from
Transporter in the

 event Shipper fails to pay all of the amount of any bill for service rendered
by Transporter

 hereunder in accord with the terms and conditions of Article VIII of the
General Terms and

 Conditions ofTransporter's FERG Gas Tariff.

 ARTICLE XIII

 NOTICE

 Except as otherwise provided in the General Terms and Conditions applicable to
this Agreement,

 any notice under this Agreement shall be in writing and mailed to the address
of the Party intended

 to receive the same, as follows:

 0

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 TRANSPORTER:

 SHIPPER:

 NOTICES:

 Attention:

 BILLING:

 Attention:

 Tennessee Gas Pipeline Company, L.L.C.

 1001 Louisiana Street, Suite 1000

 Houston, Texas 77002

 Attention: Director, Transportation Services

 National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation

 6363 Main Street

 Williamsville, NY 14221

 John Polka

 National Fuel Gas Distribution Corporation

 6363 Main Street

 Williamsville, NY 14221

 John Polka

 or to such other address as either Party shall designate by formal written
notice to the other.

 ARTICLE XIV

 ASSIGNMENTS

 14.1 Either Party may assign or pledge this Agreement and all rights and
obligations hereunder

 under the provisions of any mortgage, deed of trust, indenture, or other
instrument which it

 has executed or may execute hereafter as security for indebtedness. Either
Party may,

 without relieving itself of its obligation under this Agreement, assign any of
its rights

 hereunder to a company with which it is affiliated. Otherwise, Shipper shall
not assign this

 Agreement or any of its rights hereunder, except in accord with Article VI,
Section 1 of the

 General Temns and Conditions of Transporter's FERG Gas Tariff.

 14.2 Any person which shall succeed by purchase, merger, or consolidation to
the properties,

 substantially as an entirety, of either Party hereto shall be entitled to the
rights and shall be

 subject to the obligations of its predecessor in interest under this Agreement.


 ARTICLE XV

 MISCELLANEOUS

 15.1 THE INTERPRETATION AND PERFORMANCE OF THIS CONTRACT SHALL BE IN

 ACCORDANCE WITH AND CONTROLLED BY THE LAWS OF THE STATE OF TEXAS,

 WITHOUT REGARD TO THE DOCTRINES GOVERNING CHOICE OF LAW.

 15.2 If any provision of this Agreement is declared null and void, or voidable,
by a court of

 competent jurisdiction, then that provision will be considered severable at
either Party's

 ()

 \

 j

 Service Package No: 325888-FTATGP

 Amendment No: 0.

 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 option; and ifthe severability option is exercised, the remaining provisions of
the Agreement

 shall remain in full force and effect.

 15.3 Unless otherwise expressly provided in this Agreement or Transporters Gas
Tariff, no

 modification of or supplement to the terms and provisions stated in this
Agreement shall be

 or become effective until Shipper has submitted a request for change through
Transporters

 Interactive Website and Shipper has been notified through Transporters
Interactive Website

 of Transporter's agreement to such change.

 15.4 Exhibits "A" and "B" attached hereto are incorporated herein by reference
and made a part

 hereof for all purposes.

 IN WITNESS WHEREOF, the Parties hereto have caused this Agreement to be duly

 executed as of the date first hereinabove written.



 GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FT-A Rate Schedule)

 EXHIBIT A

 AMENDMENT NO. 0

 TO GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 DATED January 1, 2017

 BETWEEN

 TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE COMPANY, L.L.C.

 AND

 NATIONAL FUEL GAS DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION

 Amendment Effective Date: January 1, 2017

 Service Package: 325888-FTATGP

 Service Package TO: 2500 Dth

 BEGINNING DATE ENDING DATE

 0110112017 0313112019

 BEGINNING ENDING METER METERNAME

 DATE DATE

 0110112017 0313112019 412854 BRDWLKITGP VALENTINE

 DEHY: RIP 320P

 01101/2017 03/31/2019 420527 NFG/TGP ROSE LAKE

 POTTER

 Number of Receipt Points: 1

 Number of Delivery Points: 1

 INTERCONNECT PARTY NAME

 BOARDWALK FIELD SERVICES,

 LLC

 NATIONAL FUEL SUPPLY

 TQ

 2500

 COUNTY ST ZONE RID

 PA 4 R

 SUSQUEHAN

 NA

 POTTER PA 4

 Total Receipt TQ 2500

 Total Delivery TQ 2500

 D

 .~

  ·~

 LEG METER-TO

 300 2500

 300 2500

 ~'

 ~ ~ 0 ~

 Other Provisions PeITTli!ted By Tariff Under the Applicable Rate Schedule
and/or General Terms and Conditions and Pursuant to Article XXXVI of

 the General TeITTls and Conditions of Tennessee's FERC Gas Tariff:

 Note: Exhibit A is a reflection of the contract and all amendments as of the
amendment effective date.

 Additional Information

 ()

 GAS T'RANSPORTATJON AGREEMENT

 (For Use Under FToA Rate Schedule)

 EXF!IBITB

 TQ GAS TRANSPORTATION AGREEMENT

 DATED January 1, 2017

 BETWEEN

 TENNESSEE GAS PIPELINE COMP ANY, L.L.C.

 AND

 NATIONAL FUEL GAS DISTRIBUTION CORPORATION

 REVENUE REDUCTION OPTIONPROVISIONS*

 SERVICE PACKAGE:

 OP'I1()1') PER!OD(S)

 OPTION DESCRIPTION

 OPTION CONSIDERATION

 ANVL!Ml:TATIONS ON

 THE EXERCISE OF TBE

 REVENUE REDUCTION

 OPTION AS BID BY

 THE SHJPPER:

 * NOTICE MUST BE GIVEN AS PROVIDED FOR IN THE NET PRESENT VALUE

 STANDARD OF THE GENERAL TERMS AND CONDITIONS,



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              538 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                            January 15, 2012 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Take advantage of deals on the slopes

BYLINE: By Eileen Ogintz - TRIBUNE MEDIA SERVICES

SECTION: TRAVEL; Taking the Kids; Pg. F20

LENGTH: 588 words


January is National Learn a Snow Sport Month and more than 200 resorts are
pulling out all the stops for families and offering free or discounted ski,
snowboard and cross-country ski and snowshoe lessons for beginners.

At the same time, Liftopia (www.liftopia.com), the largest online marketplace
for discounted lifts and mountain activities, has created a new deal engine app
for the iPhone and iPod Touch.

It's especially gratifying to see resorts aiming at girls and women, who
typically drop out of snow sports before becoming accomplished skiers and
riders. Vail Mountain (www.vail.com), the country's largest ski resort, has just
announced Ski Girls Rock, a new program inspired and designed by Lindsey Vonn,
Olympic gold medalist and world alpine ski champion. Exclusively for girls age 5
to 15, the small classes ($279 a day, including lifts and lunch) are led by
female coaches.

At Park City Mountain Resort (www.parkcitymountain.com), where Snowmamas.com
started and where no class has more than five students, there's a new two-hour
Ladies Club that's just an hour shorter than a regular group lesson but half the
price ($55 to $60, depending on season). There are a lot of multiday women's ski
and snowboarding clinics out there, but nothing like this.

"This is giving women a couple of hours for themselves," explains Mary Flinn
Ware, the director of the Park City Mountain Resort children's ski school.
Taught by women coaches, the program is designed to show women, whatever their
ability, places on the mountain they didn't know existed and where they can feel
comfortable.

Women quit snow sports because they don't want to chase after hard-skiing
spouses or kids. They quit because they don't have the energy after getting
everyone else in their family situated. They quit because they'd rather vacation
somewhere that requires less work on their part.

Now trips to the slopes can be more fun for mom and more affordable. Look for
packages from major websites like www.ski.com. Look for kids-ski-free packages.
Steamboat in northern Colorado has long been an innovator for families with Kids
Ski Free, Kids Fly Free and Kids Rent Free programs.

If you are all beginners, maybe opt for a new-style girlfriends' trip. In Utah,
Alta Ski Area's (www.alta.com) First-time Skiers package includes four two-hour
lessons, four beginner lift tickets and four days of rental equipment, all for
$179. (At many resorts, a lift ticket alone costs nearly $100.)

In Vermont, Ski Vermont (www.skivermont.com) is touting an unprecedented $29
package for first-time skiers and snowboarders at several resorts. The lessons
will be available this month on nonholiday dates.

There are some deals after January. Go to Aspen/Snowmass (www.aspensnowmass.com)
in March and April and kids ski and ride free, as long as an adult is buying a
lift ticket. At Mount Bachelor in Bend, Ore., (www.mtbachelor.com), the largest
ski resort in the Cascade Range, kids 18 and under can ski free if an adult in
their family purchases a multiday ticket. And for $199, you or your kids get
five lessons, five rental packages and five lift tickets. Students 18 and under
get a free season pass; adults get a free 12-day pass.

At Park City's gargantuan Canyon's Resort (www.canyons.com), families who book
at one of the official lodging properties of Canyons Resort get accommodations,
lifts and a resort credit of up to $200 per night and access to off-slope
adventures (zip-line anybody?) -- all starting at $311 per night for a family of
four.

See you on the slopes.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2012 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              539 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            January 26, 2010 Tuesday

Bears prove to be road 'Warriors

BYLINE: By john reid Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: COMMUNITIES; Peninsula; News; Local

LENGTH: 594 words


Menlo-Atherton didn't have many style points in its 38-27 Peninsula Athletic
League Bay Division victory over Terra Nova-Pacifica on Friday. But, the Bears
coaches, players and fans had to admit the game was played in style. M-A (10-8,
2-2 Bay) and Terra Nova tangled at Oracle Arena in Oakland, the home venue for
the Golden State Warriors.

"I took a picture of the final score using my cell phone," Bears coach Phillip
White said. "Both teams had a lot of fans there. We had a tough shooting night,
but it was a neat deal."

The two teams worked in conjunction to sell 250 discounted Warriors tickets
each. The reward was a chance to play a game in a professional sports venue.
Earlier in the season, the Bears sold 250 discounted tickets and were able to
practice at Oracle Arena in late-December.

Last Friday was a bit of a rush job because the Warriors had a game that night
with the New Jersey Nets later that evening.

"We had to be off the floor by 4 p.m. because they had a shoot-around," White
said. "We had only seven minutes to warm up and six minutes for halftime."

The Bears had to play without their best player, guard Jeff Keller, who was hurt
in last week's game against Burlingame.

"Keller went for a drive and was hit by both of Burlingame's big men, but there
was no foul called," White said. "He hurt his hip pretty bad. He tried to
stretch out and play Friday, but couldn't give it a go."

Junior McKinley Mathon hit two big 3-pointers for the Bears in the win over the
Tigers.

"Mathon has regained his shooting touch," White said. "A couple of players have
stepped up."

White called up sophomore guard Miles Weiss from the junior varsity to help fill
in for Keller. Weiss is the son of Van Weiss, a former tennis player at
Awalt-Mountain View (class of '69) and tennis coach at Menlo School-Atherton
(1977-82).

M-A is at Carlmont-Belmont (15-3, 3-1 Bay) on Wednesday for a 6 p.m. PAL Bay
game.

Sims believes

Los Altos girls basketball coach Keith Mims believes his Eagles can get a share
of the Santa Clara Valley Athletic League El Camino Division title. The Eagles
(9-9, 4-2 El Camino) have to win out and hope Los Gatos (5-0 El Camino) drops a
couple of games. Los Altos lost to Los Gatos 41-29 and to second-place Milpitas
50-37 in league, both defeats coming on the road.

"We would have beaten both teams if we would have made our free throws and
executed better," said Mims, in his second season. "That has been our problem,
especially making free throws."

Senior center Paige Logan is enjoying another fine season, averaging 18.9
rebounds and 12.9 points per game.

"Logan is getting double and triple-teamed," Mims said. "Our guards can't be
afraid to shoot the ball."

Katherine Portelli, Kacy Tachibana and Lauren Aycott have helped the Eagles in
the backcourt this season. Forward Jordan Hamel has been a force on the boards.
Los Altos hosts Fremont-Sunnyvale on Friday at 6:15 p.m. to begin the second
half of the El Camino slate.

Forever Young

In Saturday's Daily News story on Sequoia-Redwood City boys soccer coach Julio
Calles and his band of Cherokees, it was noted Michael Young was the only
non-Hispanic on the team. That is untrue. Young's mother   Barbara (Azucena)
is from El Salvador, hence Michael speaks fluent Spanish. Michael has dual
citizenship in the United States and El Salvador.

The core group of senior starters for Sequoia won the Peninsula Middle School
championship for Kennedy Middle School in Redwood City when they were eighth
graders, an interesting bit of trivia.

E-mail John Reid at          . jreid@dailynewsgroup.com .

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              540 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           November 13, 2008 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

Nonprofits get chance to buy homes in foreclosure;
Developers in Minneapolis and St. Paul will get first crack at bargain prices,
which will help revamp neighborhoods.

BYLINE: STEVE BRANDT, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 605 words


Twin Cities housing officials will announce today that four major national
lenders have agreed to give them first dibs on hundreds of discounted homes
coming out of foreclosure.

That means that Minneapolis and St. Paul, working with key nonprofit developers,
will be able to pick off strategic properties for their efforts to rebuild
neighborhoods. Some could be discounted by 10 to 15 percent off current market
values to reflect what lenders save by avoiding holding costs.

The program will be coordinated by the Greater Metropolitan Housing Corporation
in Minneapolis and Dayton's Bluff Neighborhood Housing Services in St. Paul. It
is the pilot for a national program expected to expand soon to Cleveland and New
York.

The two organizations already have looked over more than 200 properties,
according to Carolyn Olson, president of Greater Metropolitan. Jim Erchul,
executive director for the Dayton's Bluff group, said he is assuming that
eventually "hundreds and hundreds" of houses will eventually be available
through the program.

The two nonprofits will offer properties to the two cities, other nonprofit
developers working within their borders, and private developers with a track
record.

Some properties need only minor repairs and can be sold as-is to families.
Others will be offered to private or nonprofit rehabilitation groups for more
extensive work. Minneapolis is planning to use some of its recent dose of
federal housing recovery money to subsidize the gap between the purchase-rehab
cost of a home and its value in a depressed market.

"This is a significant step forward," said Tom Streitz, housing director for the
Minneapolis development agency.

Still other homes will be snapped up by cities to either be held until the
market improves, or demolished and the land banked for future housing
development.

"The most important thing is that there's more efficiency in having a bulk look
at properties, rather than a one-by-one, case-by-case thing," said Tom Sanchez,
a development team manager for the city of St. Paul. Cities and nonprofits are
sometimes frustrated in finding lender contacts for foreclosed homes.

In St. Paul, the focus will be on homes in the city's Invest St. Paul area,
which includes much of the East Side, Frogtown and North End plus other
scattered areas. The Minneapolis focus will be on the North Side, northeast
Minneapolis and the Phillips-Powderhorn areas.

"Our hope is that the discounts will be pretty steep," said Cecile Bedor, St.
Paul's planning and economic development director.

Local officials said that the pilot is originating in the Twin Cities because
they are ahead of other areas nationally in responding to the blighting
influence of vacant foreclosed homes. For example, Minneapolis already is
funneling state, city and nonprofit money into the purchase of strategic
properties on the North Side, the hardest-hit foreclosure area in the state.

Nonprofits participating in the new program are expected to pick off homes they
regard as pivotal to developments they already have built or have planned.

In Minneapolis, Olson said Greater Metropolitan will be choosy about the private
developers with whom it works. She'll be looking for developers that do quality
work, demonstrate financial capacity and will meet rehab standards.

The pilot is the brainchild of four national organizations representing the
nonprofit sector, who have formed the National Community Stabilization Trust.
Lenders supplying the foreclosed properties include Wells Fargo, Fannie Mae,
JPMorgan Chase and CitiGroup, which will save holding costs if the properties
are bought.

Steve Brandt - 612-673-4438

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2008 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              541 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             August 10, 2008 Sunday

Here And Theregirls Night! Frampton! 'Sonny' Night In The Park

BYLINE: Here And There

SECTION: H; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 277  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Do girls still just wanna have fun? Well, why not? On Tuesday, Aug. 12, the
curtain goes up at the Sunoco Perfomance Theater of Harrisburg's Whitaker Center
for "Girls Night: The Musical," a hit in the United Kingdom now playing here.
It's all about five 40-something friends out for a night of karaoke, and how
that relates to issues every woman can identify with. Showtimes are 8 p.m.
Tuesday through Saturday and 3 p.m. Sunday. For ticket prices and information,
visit www.whitakercenter.org.

Since the '70s, Peter Frampton has owned the title as one of the biggest arena
rock stars. Decades later, Frampton is still navigating through a diverse range
of materials from American soul and roots to Latin balladry to all-out,
fret-splitting rock. The legend comes to Hershey Theatre 8 p.m. Tuesday, Aug,
12. With the purchase of each ticket to Peter Frampton, a Hersheypark ticket can
be purchased at a discounted rate. Discounted tickets will only be valid for the
day of the performance. Park tickets cannot be purchased online; call the box
office, 534-3405. For other prices and information, log onto hersheytheatre.com.

Concertgoers will be amazed Sunday, Aug. 17 when Sonny Landreth brings his
awe-inspiring guitar virtuosity to the Long's Park amphitheater. The
Grammy-nominated blues slide guitarist will be performing with his band as part
of the Long's Park Summer Music Series. The free concert will begin at 7:30 pm.
Entertainment Weekly called Landreth "a bona fide guitar hero." It was his
eighth album, "The Road We're On," that captured him a Grammy nomination.
Concertgoers are invited to bring picnics. Log on to www.longspark.org for
information.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Girls Night!
Frampton!
'Sonny' Night In The Park

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              542 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Times (South Africa)

                           September 15, 2013 Sunday
                             Travel Weekly Edition

Q&A. SAVING & THE CITY

BYLINE: PETER MALHERBE

SECTION: HUMAN INTEREST

LENGTH: 672  words


Peter's Post

Our travel expert answers queries on routes and destinations around the world

Q& A

SAVING & THE CITY

When in London, we always buy discounted theatre tickets from the kiosk in
Leicester Square. Is there a similar facility in New York City, which we will be
visiting in December? Also, do you have any pointers for cheap or free NYC
attractions, including museums? - Magriet van Tonder

There are three TKTS booths in the city offering discounted tickets to Broadway
and Off-Broadway productions. The best-known of these is in Times Square,
located in Father Duffy Square at the corner of 47th Street and Broadway. It
sells day-of-performance discount tickets, as well as regularly priced seats.

The second booth is in Brooklyn at the intersection of Jay Street and Myrtle
Avenue. It offers cut-rate seats to evening performances on the day of
performance as well as matinée tickets for the next day.

Finally, there is the South Street Seaport booth in lower Manhattan, which also
sells on-day evening tickets and matinée tickets for the next day. This outlet
moved from its regular premises after Hurricane Sandy and is now at 199 Water
Street. All locations sell tickets from 20% to 50% off the full charge, plus a
$4.50 per ticket service charge. Credit cards are accepted. For more on booths
and shows, go to tdf.org.

An alternative to queuing at the ticket booths is to buy a discounted ticket
online. One of the best sites is broadway.com, which has extensive information
about the shows and allows you to buy your ticket with a credit card. Another
good site is broadwaybox.com, which gives you coupon codes for
buy-one-get-one-free offers and other discounts for most of the shows on
Broadway. You can save 50% on tickets with this website, so it would be worth
checking before you set off for a booth.

There are plenty of free and discounted attractions in New York. Your first
investment should be a MetroCard. This gives you access to the city's subway and
bus system, which runs 24 hours a day every day. Many galleries have free
sessions, such as the Museum of Modern Art, which is free from 4-8pm on a
Friday. Then there's the American Museum of Natural History, which is free for
its last hour (4.45-5.45pm) every day. However, as admission price at other
times is whatever you "suggest", you can get away with a dollar or two anyway.

For a party atmosphere, the Brooklyn Museum is free on the first Saturday of the
month. This turns into a wine-sipping, DJ-hosted party that lures many locals in
for some fun. For a free gallery crawl, head for Chelsea with its many private
galleries. If you're lucky, you can pop in at one or two of the cheese-and-wine
openings on Thursday nights. Check out the Gallery Guide or westchelseaarts.com
for listings. Another free attraction is the ferry to Staten Island, giving you
a grand view of the Statue of Liberty. That will save you at least $12 for a
regular tour of the famous lady. Finally, the greatest free attraction in the
city is Central Park. It has plenty of free events to participate in and you can
check out all the statues and sites, such as Strawberry Fields and the mosaic
tribute to John Lennon.

Since you'll be there in December, it will be a wonderworld of fairy lights,
with ice-skating, carriage rides and roasted chestnuts.

SAVE MY SEOUL

I will be visiting Seoul, Korea, in November for the first time and am wondering
where I should base myself. What area would you recommend for a 31-year-old
interested in shopping and nightlife? - Timothy Allen

From your brief description, I think that the Hongdae area would be the best
choice for you. Located in the centre of this sprawling city, it has a superb
nightlife, with plenty of nightclubs, restaurants and bars.

Running in second spot would be the area of Sinchon, which offers visitors great
shopping, dining and entertainment.

Other areas you could consider are the well-located Dong-Dae-Moon, the very
fashionable Apgujung, the affluent business centre of Gangnam and Myeong-dong
for its traditional markets.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 BDFM Publishers PTY Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              543 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           November 24, 2012 Saturday
                                 Drive Edition

Bargains bring out brave buyers in state

BYLINE: JIM STAFFORD, For The Oklahoman

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 472 words

DATELINE: CLINTON


CLINTON - Black Friday arrived this year disguised as Thanksgiving night for
bargain hunters in western Oklahoma and their counterparts nationwide.

The early start to the unofficial kickoff of the Christmas shopping season
didn't deter more than 300 people from lining up outside the Kmart store in
Clinton shortly before 8 p.m. Thursday.

Some, such as April Akridge, of Geary, and Tina Guffee, of Oklahoma City, stood
in line for hours, hoping to get their hands on deeply discounted electronics.

The Clinton Kmart store was open throughout Thanksgiving Day, but closed at 4
p.m. before reopening at 8 with a series of hourly specials.

"I came for some tablet computers for my kids, and Tina came for the 50-inch
TV," Akridge said. "They kicked us out of the store at 4 when they closed. We
went to a nearby convenience store, came back, and there were already people in
front us.

"They told us there were only a few TVs, so we're hoping."

Akridge and Guffee were about 10 to 12 people back in a line that stretched
almost 100 yards to the end of the parking lot.

Walking along the line before the store reopened, it was apparent most were
drawn by the lure of cheap electronics.

And all were optimists, even those at the tail end of the line minutes before
the doors opened.

"We're here to buy two TVs for my brother-in-law," said a man who stood with his
wife at the end of the line minutes before the doors opened. He refused to give
his name.

When the doors opened, the crowd poured into the store, with some from the back
of the line sprinting toward the front.

Akridge and Guffee were swept into the store by the surge, anxious because they
were bypassed earlier by store personnel when vouchers were distributed that
gave holders the right to purchase the discounted televisions. The line had
bunched up when the vouchers were handed out, confusing employees as they tried
to determine who stood where, Akridge said.

Akridge walked directly to manager Steve Brull after she entered the store and
explained her situation. Brull arranged for Guffee to purchase the discounted TV
with no hesitation.

Within minutes of the opening, aisles in the electronics section were congested,
and cash registers began ringing up sales.

One of the first to roll a 50-inch discounted TV out of the store was Justin
Cooper, of Cordell. He had stood at the front of the line since 4 p.m.

"I did it for the in-laws," Cooper said with a laugh as he pushed a shopping
cart out the door. "I got this for my mother-in-law."

Eventually, Akridge and Guffee checked out and walked to their car, satisfied
that they were able to buy everything that was on their list. A relative
assisted with the 50-inch television.

"It was well worth it," Akridge said of the long wait in line.

So, where to next?

"Home, bed," Akridge said. "Rest up until tomorrow."


LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Trevor Fernandez and Brittany Pistole shop at Toys R Us, getting a
Thanksgiving Day start for Black Friday sales on Thursday in Norman. PHOTO BY
STEVE SISNEY, THE OKLAHOMAN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              544 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 2, 2013 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TECO presents juicy offer

BYLINE: RICHARD MULLINS, Tribune staff

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 388 words


Utility hopes to entice large manufacturer with special low rate

BY RICHARD MULLINS

Tribune staff

TAMPA Tampa Electric Co. hopes an offer of discounted electricity will help lure
a large manufacturing company to the area.

If successful, the company would immediately become TECO's largest customer, the
utility said Friday. As for the company's identity, TECO isn't saying, and state
law grants anonymity to private companies negotiating with public agencies.

What little information there is about the offer is included in documents the
utility filed Jan. 31 with the state's Florida Public Service Commission seeking
permission to offer a special low rate. The documents indicate the company is
scouting other locations in the country, and that the discounted power might
persuade it to locate here.

According to the documents, the customer would use so much power that TECO would
connect them directly to transmission-level power lines with up to 230,000 volts
of capacity. That's equivalent to TECO's largest high-tension power lines, said
Cherie Jacobs, the utility's spokeswoman. Currently, the utility's largest
customers require feeds of 69,000 volts apiece, and there are only 22 of those,
including large phosphate mining operations.

Public Service Commission staffers who reviewed the request to grant the
discounted power rate have recommended that the commission approve the deal.

"The Customer will need to negotiate contracts with a number of other suppliers
of goods and services, regardless where it decides to locate its new facility,"
PSC staffers wrote in a report. "The cost of electric power is a key
consideration in the customer's decision-making process on where to locate its
proposed new facility."

The documents do not indicate where the facility might be located other than to
say in TECO's service area, which is all of Hillsborough County and parts of
Polk, Pasco and Pinellas counties.

Winning this company for the region "will create jobs," the state documents
said, and the discount for one big customer would "only have a minimal impact on
the general body of ratepayers."

PSC commissioners could vote on the deal at a meeting Tuesday.

rmullins@tampatrib.com (813) 259-7919 Twitter: @DailyDeadline

Copyright © 2013, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2013 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              545 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Tribune-Review (Greensburg, PA)

                            December 11, 2015 Friday

Amtrak program grows, offers discount tripsto Harrisburg, Philly

BYLINE: by MELISSA DANIELS

LENGTH: 492 words


Pittsburgh is now part of a cross-state network for discounted Amtrak trips.

PennDOT announced this week that it added Pittsburgh to the "PA Trips By Train"
excursion deals between Harrisburg, Lancaster, Philadelphia and New York. Trips
booked through the network's website allow travelers to buy one ticket and get
one at 40 percent off, as well as access other offers, including half-off
tickets for children younger than 12.

The idea is to encourage train travel as an alternative to cars and congestion,
said Erin Waters-Trasatt, a PennDOT spokeswoman.

"It can be a more enjoyable experience for people or their families," she said.
"They may become more frequent riders, as well."

Pittsburgh is the first destination west of Harrisburg to be included in the
network, which is booking trips through December 2016. Some packages come with
added-on discounts for outings in the destination cities, while others, like the
trip to Pittsburgh, are billed as an "On Your Own" trip with discounted fare and
a free Uber ride.

Although Amtrak maintains the infrastructure on Pennsylvania's passenger rails,
PennDOT is responsible for paying operating costs. During the last fiscal year
ending in October, more than 6.1 million Amtrak passengers boarded and alighted
through Pennsylvania, up 1.6 percent from the year before. The majority of the
traffic e_SEmD about 4.1 million passengers e_SEmD traveled through
Philadelphia's 30th Street Station, the third-busiest Amtrak station in the
country.

Pittsburgh had about 149,000 passengers.

Mark Spada, a member of Western Pennsylvanians for Passenger Rail, said the
initiative is a good way to drive up train travel. His group pushes for
additional trains between Pittsburgh and Harrisburg to offer more convenient
travel times, as the Pennsylvanian route currently only has one departure and
one arrival on the daily schedule.

"This will indeed be good for passengers and, hopefully, good for Pittsburgh,"
he said. "What would be even better is more trains for those passengers to
ride."

Melissa Daniels is a staff writer for Trib Total Media. She can be reached at
412-380-8511 or mdaniels@tribweb.com,WESTMORELAND

Charges filed

Damone A. Morton, 20, of Greensburg, and David E. Headen, 20, and Elijah S.
Venton, 19, both of Jeannette, charged by Greensburg police with burglary,
criminal conspiracy, theft, receiving stolen property and possession of
marijuana for allegedly breaking into residence on 200 block of North Hamilton
Avenue and removing three Apple computer laptops valued at $4,400, Toshiba and
Acer laptops valued at $800, and a 55-inch HD television. Morton also charged
with unauthorized use of a vehicle. Venton charged with conspiracy and theft for
allegedly breaking into vehicles along 400 block of Arch Avenue. Morton and
Headen released on $25,000 unsecured bond; District Judge James Albert ordered
Venton held in the Westmoreland County jail after failing to post $2,500 bond.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              546 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                          September 24, 2009 Thursday

On Stage

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Stage

LENGTH: 1026 words


OPENING

· SEPT. 25-OCT. 11

The Western Stage at Hartnell College presents the musical "The Baker's Wife."
Opens at 8 p.m. Friday, Sept. 25; continues at through Oct. 11, 8 p.m. Fridays
and Saturdays and 2 p.m. Sundays, at in the Main Stage Theater, Hartnell
College, 156 Homestead Ave., Salinas. Directed by Jon Patrick Selover, TWS
artistic director, book by Joseph Stein ("Fiddler On The Roof"), music and
lyrics by Stephen Schwartz, ("Wicked," "Godspell"). Gala Benefit from 6:30-8
p.m. before Oct. 3 performance. $75 per person includes pre-show reception,
French-themed party with food, champagne and wines, silent auction, music; $45
for reception and silent auction only or for $30 show only. 375-2111, 755-6816
or www.westernstage.com .

CONTINUING

· THROUGH SEPT. 26

"Sam Burguesa and The Pixie Chicks" returns to El Teatro Campesino. Continues at
8 p.m. Thursdays through Saturday through Sept 26 at El Teatro Campesino
Playhouse, 705 Fourth St., San Juan Bautista. The hilarious, provocative and
original new musical cabaret is back on the stage. Sam Burguesa is played by
Anahuac Valdez. Thursday nights, all seats $5. Friday and Saturday nights, pay
what you can, suggested donation is $10. For tickets, special discounts and more
information call 623-2444 or go online at www.elteatrocampesino.com .

· THROUGH SEPT. 27

Pacific Repertory Theatre presents "Oliver!" Continues at 7:30 p.m. Fridays and
Saturdays and 2 p.m. Sundays through Sept. 27; also at 7:30p.m. Thursday, Aug.
20, Sunday, Sept. 6, and Thursday, Sept. 24 at the outdoor Forest Theater,
Mountain View and Santa Rita, Carmel. Discounted previews, discounted shows with
FlexPass, children's tickets (under 12) discounted to $7, general admission
$28-$35, with discounts for seniors over 65 ($22-$28) as well as
teachers/military/students 12 and over ($12-$15); available at The Golden Bough
Box Office, Monte Verde between Eighth and Ninth avenues in Carmel (open Tuesday
through Saturday, 11 a.m.-4 p.m.). Also at 622-0100 or online at www.pacrep.org
.

· THROUGH SEPT. 27

MPC Storybook Theatre presents "Ali Baba and the Magic Cave" Continues at 7 p.m.
Friday and Saturday with 3 p.m. Saturday and Sunday matinees through Sept. 27 at
MPC Studio Theatre, Monterey Peninsula College, 980 Fremont St., Monterey. $15,
$12 for young adults (16-21), $9 for children (15 and under), at MPC Box Office
(646-4213) 3-7 p.m Wed?Fri. and two hours prior to each show, or online at
www.TicketGuys.com/mpc . 646-4213 or www.mpctheatre.com .

· THROUGH OCT. 18

Pacific Repertory Theatre's 20th Annual Carmel Shake?speare Festival.

Continues with William Shakespeare's classic "Hamlet" at the Circle Theatre
through Oct. 18, in repertory with Shakespeare's romantic comedy "As You Like
It" from Oct 2-18, at the outdoor Forest Theater. For tickets, call 622-0100, or
online at www.pacrep.org .

COMING UP

· SEPT. 25-NOV. 22

The Western Stage 2009 Season. Mainstage musicals: "The Baker's Wife" Sept.
25-Oct. 11, "Mame" Nov. 6-22. Studio dramas: "The Heart's Desire" Oct. 9-Nov. 1
at The Western Stage in residence at Hartnell College, 156 Homestead Ave.,
Salinas. Tickets and information at 375-2111, www.westernstage.com .

AUDITIONS,

CLASSES

&WORKSHOPS

· SEPT. 26 & 27

Auditions for the upcoming MPC Theatre Company production of Charles Dickens "A
Christmas Carol." Adapted and directed by John Rousseau, auditions will be held
from 1-4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday, Sept. 26 and 27, on the main stage of the MPC
Theatre. Needed is a large, ensemble cast of 20 actors, all of whom (with the
lone exception of the actor cast as Scrooge) will play multiple roles (both
principal and ensemble): four children (both sexes) ages 8-12 and 12 men and
eight women, ages teens to 70s. All auditioners should be prepared to read from
the script. In addition, auditioners may choose to present a monologue, song or
performance piece. Callbacks will be on Sunday, Sept. 27. Perusal scripts can be
checked out on a 48-hour basis only by contacting Gary Bolen at 646-4085 or by
e-mail to gbolen@mpc.edu

· OCT. 3, 10, 15, 16

El Teatro Campesino announces open auditions for "La Pastorela." At 4 p.m.
Saturday, Oct. 3; 11 a.m. Saturday, Oct. 10; 7 p.m. Thursday and Friday, Oct.
15-16, at the company's playhouse, 705 Fourth St., San Juan Bautista. This
year's traditional Mexican folk tale production of "La Pastorela" will be
codirected by Kinan Valdez and Adrian Torres. The directors are looking for
actors and singers to fill the roles of Luzbel, El Hermitaño, Pastores, Devils
and Angels. The role of Luzbel requires a confident singing voice. All roles are
Spanish-speaking. Fill out an online form at www.elteatrocampesino.com/audition
. 623-2444.

· OCT. 10

Registration now open for ARIEL Theatrical's Fall and Winter Conservatories.
"Narnia," musical adaptation of C.S. Lewis' "The Lion, the Witch and the
Wardrobe." Performances: Dec. 4, 5, 11, 12, 18, 19. For ages 7 to high school.
Tuition: $200. Rehearsals begin Oct. 10. Tuesday, Wednesday, Thursday 4:30-6:30
p.m. and Saturday 9 a.m.-1 p.m. 775-0976.

·ONGOING

Paper Wing Theatre looking for actors interested in auditioning. The Paper Wing
Theatre Company, located at 320 Hoffman Ave. at Lighthouse in New Monterey, is
currently looking for actors interested in auditioning, with no experience
necessary. Specifically, the company is looking for two males ages 18-30, one
male any age and one female age 18-30. Actors will be asked to read cold from a
script. Call 521-4512 to make an appointment (leave a message if there is no
answer). PaperWingTheatreCo.com .

·ONGOING

Pacific Repertory's SoDA (School of Dramatic Arts) musical theater classes.
Classes for babies, tots, children, teens and adults with showcases. All classes
at Seccombe Hall, All Saints Church, Lincoln and Ninth, Carmel. Details:
656-9730, www.pacrep.org/soda .

· ONGOING

Hartnell College Theatre Arts Department is accepting students for its series of
workshops and classes. Whether you're new to theater or a seasoned performer,
there are opportunities to develop your skills under the guidance of a team of
professional actors and directors. For ages 9-13. 755-6987, 755-6988,
www.westernstage.org . GO!

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Bailey Lee, Taylor Young and Kathryn Horton, back row, from left;
Amanda Cardoso (as Morgiana) center; and Matthew T. Pavellas (as Ali Baba),
front, in MPC Storybook TheatreÕs ÒAli Baba and the Magic CaveÓ closing this
weekend in the Studio Theatre at MPC.
Ben Phillips as Oliver in Pacific Repertory TheatreÕs musical ÒOliver!Ó whch
closes this weekend at the outdoor Forest Theater in Carmel.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              547 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 15, 2016 Friday

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 559 words

DATELINE: PLANT CITY



HIGHLIGHT: Local briefs for Friday


A portion of 56th Street in East Tampa is closing today while crews replace a
CSX railroad crossing.

The Florida Department of Transportation said the road will be closed for about
16 days between Hillsborough Avenue and Henry Avenue. Motorists will be detoured
via Hillsborough Avenue, 40th Street and Busch Boulevard, officials said.

Discounted admission tickets to the Florida Strawberry Festival soon will be as
close as the neighborhood Publix grocery store. The tickets will be available at
the customer service desks at Publix stores from Jan. 28 through the festival's
end on March 13.

Advance discounted tickets are $8 for those older than 12 and $4 for people 6 to
12 years old. Children 5 years old or younger will be admitted free when
accompanied by a paying adult. Prices at the gate will be $10 and $5,
respectively. The tickets will be available at nearly 300 Publix grocery stores
in Hillsborough, Pasco, Pinellas counties and about a dozen other counties in
Central Florida.

For a list of ticket locations, go to www.flstrawberryfestival.com . Discount
tickets are available through 4 p.m. March 2 at the festival ticket office, 2209
W. Oak Ave.The festival runs March 3-13. Publix won't be selling headline
concerts, which won't be available at discount prices.

Two Miami men have been arrested in a triple homicide that happened in Lakeland
last week, the Polk County Sheriff's Office said.Working with the Miami-Dade
Police Department and the Miami Police Department, detectives charged the men
with the Jan. 6 deaths of David Washington, 24, Eneida Branch, 31, and Angelica
Guadalupe Castro, 23, Sheriff Grady Judd said. A fourth victim, Felix Campos,
18, was shot in the face and is expected to survive,Judd said.Judd said
detectives learned three men with Caribbean accents had arrived at the residence
before the shooting. Campos was sleeping in a bedroom when he heard Washington
talking with the three suspects. An altercation ensued, and a suspect entered
the bedroom and shot Campos. Campos told detectives he pretended to be dead and
then heard multiple gunshots, Judd said.

Surveillance cameras captured images of a U-Haul rental truck fleeing the scene,
and with the help of Miami-Dade police, deputies identified the man who rented
the truck as Andrew Joseph, 35. Authorities also identified Jonathan Alcegaire,
26, as a suspect.

Joseph is charged with three counts of first degree murder, attempted first
degree murder, accessory after the fact of capital felony, conspiracy to commit
armed robbery, conspiracy to commit first degree murder, possession of firearm
by convicted felon, and tampering in felony life capital proceeding.

Alcegaire is charged with three counts of first degree murder, attempted first
degree murder, armed burglary with battery, possession of ammunition by a
convicted felon, tampering with physical evidence, conspiracy to commit armed
robbery, and conspiracy to commit first degree murder.

The two men were arrested Monday and taken to a Miami jail. They will be
transported to Polk County and booked into the Polk County jail, where they will
be held without bail, the sheriff's office said.

Judd said two men of Haitian descent, are being sought, and a $10,000 reward is
being offered for information. Anyone with information is asked to call the Polk
County Sheriff's Office at (863) 298-6200.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2016 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              548 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Sunday Times (Perth, Australia)

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday
                                EscapeWA Edition

CRUISE DEALS

BYLINE: BRAD CROUCH

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 523 words


Two countries CONTRAST Vietnam and Cambodia on a 14-day trip including return
flights from Australia discounted by $250 to $2999 a person, twin share, valid
until January 31 for an August 27 departure.

The trip includes flight from Australia, three nights in Ho Chi Minh City,
seven-night cruise aboard the Mekong Navigator, two nights in Siem Reap, flight
to Bangkok with one night's accommodation and flight to Australia.

Tours, transfers and most meals are included.

Quote ASMA250A for the discounted price.

Ph 1300 653 618 or see www.gate1travel.com.au

Dazzle and tropics BET on having some fun and sun on a cruise trip that also
takes in Las Vegas departing on August 8, 2015. The 14-night itinerary includes
a seven-night roundtrip cruise from Honolulu visiting Kahului in Maui, Hilo,
Kona and Nawiliwili in Kauai on board Norwegian Cruise Lines' Pride Of America
with its 18 dining venues, nine bars and lounges, fitness centre and spa, three
pools and hot tubs and more.

Prices start from $6209 a person, twin share, and include return airfares from
Sydney or Melbourne, three nights at the Westgate Las Vegas Resort and Casino
with helicopter tour, airfare from Las Vegas to Honolulu, four nights at the
Hilton Waikiki Beach in Honolulu with Pearl Harbor tour and the seven-night
cruise.

Ph 1300 369 848 or see ecruising.travel

Myanmar magic SEE the sights of Myanmar on a nine-night cruise aboard the
Irrawaddy Explorer departing Yangon on March 2, 2015. The trip takes in the city
of Pyay, Mandalay, Amarapura, Ava and the plains of Bagan with thousands of
temples and pagodas. The package is priced from $2643 a person, twin share, for
bookings made by January 20, 2015 and includes meals, port taxes and more.

Ph 1300 558 987 or see tempoholidays.com

French flavours APT has announced plans to introduce Bordeaux as a destination
to its already popular and expanding French river cruising program in 2016. The
luxury river cruise operator plans to relocate its 74-suite AmaDolce from its
existing base on the Danube to the Garonne and Dordogne rivers in southwestern
France in early 2016 to deliver a series of cruises that focus on the rich
cultural, wine and gourmet heritage of the region. Details will be revealed in
APT's forthcoming Europe River Cruising 2016 preview brochure.

Ph 1300 196 420 or see aptouring.com.au

Cool trip to Great Wall CRAM plenty into a month on a trip taking in glaciers
and the Great Wall. Departing on September 1, 2015, the holiday starts with a
flight from Sydney or Melbourne to Canada, an overnight stay in Vancouver then a
seven-night Inside Passage cruise visiting Tracy Arm Fjord, Juneau, Skagway,
Ketchikan and Glacier Bay aboard Holland America Line's Volendam. After two more
nights in Vancouver with tours, board Celebrity Millennium for a 16-night cruise
to Shanghai calling at Dutch Harbour, Yokohama, Kobe and Miyazaki. From
Shanghai, fly to Beijing for four nights with tours including the Great Wall,
Ming Tombs and Forbidden City before flying back to Australia. The 30-night
package is priced from $6999 a person, twin share, valid until January 31,
2015.See worldwidecruisecentres.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Magazine

JOURNAL-CODE: Sunday Times


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              549 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               June 20, 1984, Wednesday, Late City Final Edition

M.T.A. PLANS MONTHLY TICKET FOR USE IN DISCOUNT PROGRAM

BYLINE: By JANE PERLEZ, Special to the New York Times

SECTION: Section B; Page 1, Column 4; Metropolitan Desk

LENGTH: 728 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, June 19


The Metropolitan Transportation Authority plans to proceed with the introduction
of monthly subway, bus and commuter tickets that employers can sell at a
discount to employees, the authority's general counsel said today.

Late Monday, House and Senate tax conferees approved a measure, long sought by
the M.T.A., that would permit employees to buy inexpensive monthly transit
tickets from their employers.

Under this program, the M.T.A. would sell monthly tickets to employers. The
employers would then resell the tickets to employees at up to $15 below the
price charged by the M.T.A.

The difference between the costs of buying and selling the tickets would be a
tax-free fringe benefit for the employees.

Employers have been allowed in the past to write off such a subsidy as a
business expense.

An Automated Ticket System


The move by Congress to authorize the tax-free fringe benefit to transit riders
has encouraged the M.T.A. to speed up its plans for a new, automated ticket
system to handle such a ticketing program, the authority's counsel, Stephen
Polan, said today.

But Mr. Polan said it could be two years before a new system - with equipment
capable of reading magnetic fare cards, similar to bank cards - could be
installed at subway stations and possibly on buses.

Mr. Polan said that plans for the fare cards called for making them available on
the Long Island Railroad and Metro-North, and that a combination city transit
and suburban card would also be available.

The idea of discounted tickets subsidized by employers was hailed by Lewis
Rudin, the chairman of the Association for a Better New York, as an efficient
way of promoting ridership on the subways.

Attracting the Affluent


''The only way that the subway system is going to be improved is when the more
affluent people go into it,'' Mr. Rudin said. ''It's a terrible thing to say,
but it will only improve when the people who used to be in it, go back in it. I
think this would provide an incentive.''

Last year, when the subject of discount tickets was first raised,
representatives of major businesses said they were interested but wanted to see
more details before committing themselves.

Representative Charles B. Rangel, Democrat of Manhattan, the House conferee who
advocated the concept on behalf of the M.T.A., said he believed the tickets
would help low-income workers.

Discounted tickets have been used in other cities as a method of increasing
ridership, but the M.T.A. was reluctant to try the innovation until it was
assured of the legality of riders' accepting the nontaxable fringe benefits.

In Boston, Ernest S. Deeb, the manager of sales and marketing at the
Massachusetts Bay Transportation Authority, said about 50 companies had
subsidized monthly transit tickets since 1980. Riders have not declared the
subsidy as income, he said, but the largest subsidy is only about $2 a month.

During his tenure as head of the Massachusetts agency, Robert R. Kiley, who is
now chairman of the M.T.A., initiated the idea of discounted tickets.

Mr. Polan gave an example of a possible discounted fare structure in New York
City based on the current 90 cent bus and subway fare.

A monthly ticket with unlimited rides on either the buses or the subways would
be sold by the M.T.A. to employers for $45. The employers would resell the
tickets for $30. Mr. Polan said the price would be higher for a ticket that
could be used on both subways and buses.

Mr. Polan said that the hypothetical $45 tickets would represent a saving for
people who used the subways a great deal and that such tickets would be for sale
at ticket booths in subway stations.

Mr. Polan, who said the M.T.A. board would have to vote on the proposed fare
system before it could be introduced, said there was no plan to do away with
token booths or transit workers selling tokens. Aside from anything else, Mr.
Polan said, they are needed for security reasons.

Mr. Polan said the M.T.A. had commissioned a Cambridge, Mass., consulting
company to make a feasibility study of a fare card system in New York City. The
results of the study, which are expected to be favorable, will be available to
the M.T.A. next month, he said.

Mr. Polan estimated that it would cost under $30 million to convert the transit
system from tokens to tickets.


LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1984 The New York Times Company


                              550 of 999 DOCUMENTS

           Copyright 2012 World Market Intelligence Private Limited,
                              All Rights Reserved


                 WMI - Mergers & Acquisitions and Partnerships

                  * * * * * * * * * * NOTE * * * * * * * * * *
            World Market Intelligence company reports are based on a
             core set of research techniques which ensure the best
            possible level of quality and accuracy of data. The key
             sources used include: Company Websites Company Annual
            Reports SEC Filings Press Releases Proprietary Databases
          Notes Financial information of the company is taken from the
           most recently published annual reports or SEC filings The
           financial and operational data reported for the company is
           as per the industry defined standards Revenue converted to
          US$ at average annual conversion rate as of fiscal year end.

                                October 30, 2012

                                  Safeway Inc.

                           5918 Stoneridge Mall Road
                             Pleasanton 94588-3229
                            United States of America

* * * * * * * * * * MERGERS AND ACQUISITIONS AND PARTNERSHIPS * * * * * * * * *
*


DEAL TITLE:  Safeway partners with Excentus
DEAL TYPE:  Partnership
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Licensing Agreement
DEAL SUB-TYPE:  Licensing Agreement
DEAL STATUS:  Completed
ANNOUNCED DATE:  1/27/2010 12:00:00 AM
DEAL IN BRIEF:  Safeway, Inc., a retail stores operator, signed a licensing
agreement with Excentus Corporation, a technology and marketing company for fuel
retailing reward schemes, to develop Safeway's PowerPump gasoline rewards
program. Also both the companies settled their litigation regarding the use
reward programs of Excentus. Earlier, Excentus sued Safeway in June, alleging
the grocery chain wrongly used the privately held company's patents and other
intellectual property to develop Safeway's PowerPump gasoline rewards program.
The partnership will enable Safeway to provide fuel points to its customers with
the sales.
PARTICIPANT COMPANIES INFORMATION:  Excentus Corporation Target Excentus
Corporation is a provider of fuel-based marketing programs, technology, and
integration services in the United States and Canada. It offers reward
marketplace which is a suite of products and services that allows retailers to
offer consumers the reward for shopping in their stores, such as free or
discounted gasoline. It also provides reward link, the link between the store
where gasoline discounts are earned and the gas stations where the reward is
redeemed. The company is headquartered at Texas, the US. Excentus Corporation
Target Excentus Corporation is a provider of fuel-based marketing programs,
technology, and integration services in the United States and Canada. It offers
reward marketplace which is a suite of products and services that allows
retailers to offer consumers the reward for shopping in their stores, such as
free or discounted gasoline. It also provides reward link, the link between the
store where gasoline discounts are earned and the gas stations where the reward
is redeemed. The company is headquartered at Texas, the US.
COMPANY NAME:  Excentus Corporation
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Excentus Corporation is a provider of fuel-based marketing
programs, technology, and integration services in the United States and Canada.
It offers reward marketplace which is a suite of products and services that
allows retailers to offer consumers the reward for shopping in their stores,
such as free or discounted gasoline. It also provides reward link, the link
between the store where gasoline discounts are earned and the gas stations where
the reward is redeemed. The company is headquartered at Texas, the US.
COMPANY NAME:  Excentus Corporation
INVOLVEMENT TYPE:  Target
COMPANY OVERVIEW:  Excentus Corporation is a provider of fuel-based marketing
programs, technology, and integration services in the United States and Canada.
It offers reward marketplace which is a suite of products and services that
allows retailers to offer consumers the reward for shopping in their stores,
such as free or discounted gasoline. It also provides reward link, the link
between the store where gasoline discounts are earned and the gas stations where
the reward is redeemed. The company is headquartered at Texas, the US.

* * * * * * * * * * OTHER AVAILABLE REPORTS * * * * * * * * * *













LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2012


                              551 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                          November 11, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Canadians get special savings in Orlando;

BYLINE: Rick Cropp And Barbara Braidwood, For Vancouver Province; Canwest News
Service

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F10

LENGTH: 294  words


The Orlando Convention & Visitors Bureau is hoping to entice you to visit with
its new Made for Canadians promotion, valid through April 30 (1-800-551-2006,
www.VisitOrlando.com/Canada).

This is the first time the Orlando CVB has had a specific savings program just
for us. There are more than 70 offers that range from discounted or free
accommodation to deals on attractions or eateries.

For example, when you book a three-day golf school at the Faldo Golf Institute
by Marriott, you receive free lodging in a villa for three nights. The Hampton
Inn&Suites Orlando/ South Lake Buena Vista is offering a discounted rate $55of
US per night and the Pirate's Dinner Adventure is giving $20 US off per adult.

Be prepared to show Canadian ID. Blackout dates may apply.

Roller-coaster fans may want to visit SeaWorld Orlando's( www.seaworld.com)new
Manta ride that claims to give you the sensation of being a giant ray. And at
Universal Studios Florida ( www.universalorlando.com),the new Hollywood Rip,
Ride, Rockit coaster lets you select music to shriek to.

Also, check out Daytona Beach ( www.daytonabeachcvb.org,click on Canadian Sand
Dollars for accommodation discounts).

The novelty of driving on the seemingly endless beach and the relatively cheap
off-season prices first brought us, but we have found other attractions to draw
us back.

Daytona boasts a gargantuan flea market ( www.daytonafleamarket.com)and the
beach is a terrific spot for viewing night launches at Cape Canaveral.

Go north to catch a glimpse of old Florida. The hotels have been kept to a
maximum of a few storeys and are mostly located on the non-water side of the
two-lane highway. The beach is several kilometres of untrammelled, wide sand
where you can fish without snagging a swimmer or sunbather.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              552 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                            December 4, 2009 Friday
                                  Main Edition

TOMATO STREET RESTAURANT ADDING LOBBY, OFFICE SPACE;

BYLINE: Bert Caldwell<P>bertc@spokesman.com, (509) 459-5450<P>

SECTION: A; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 472 words


Tomato Street will be bigger and fresher with the completion early next month of
expansion and renovation work under way at the restaurant at 6220 N. Division
St., General Manager Wayne Burnham said.

The additional 1,500 square feet will provide more lobby, office and storage
space, he said.

"No more waiting out in the cold," he said.

Burnham said the restaurant, now at 9,000 square feet, also will get an
overhauled heating and air-conditioning system and new dishwashers.

The remodeling is the first since Tomato Street opened, he said.

"Spokane has been good to us over the last 15 years," Burnham said.

<b>RIVERSTONE CONDOS  UP FOR AUCTION</b>

Auctioneers will try again to sell condominiums in the Village at Riverstone
development Dec. 12.

Minimum prices on the 19 units, which were deeply discounted for proposed sales
last summer, have been cut still further.

One-bedroom units offered at $329,000 one year ago were discounted to $189,000
in June. The minimum for next week's absolute auction is $99,000.

Top-end, three-bedroom units once listed at $899,900 will start in the
$160,000-plus range.

Units range in size from 800 square feet to 2,000 square feet.

Kentucky-based Tranzon Asset Advisors will handle the sale in conjunction with
Century 21-Beutler Realty of Coeur d'Alene.

Tranzon Chief Executive Officer Ed Durnil said developer Riverstone East LLC and
project lender Zions First National Bank want the units sold.

"They have a singular purpose," he said. "We're coming in to sell properties."

Although 36 units were put up for auction last summer, Durnil said only 19 will
be offered at this sale, although more could be made available if there is
demand.

"We don't want to flood the market," he said, but added that the sale has
attracted much more interest than others Tranzon has conducted, from Long Island
to Southern California.

Prices nationally are averaging half the level of 2006, Durnil said.

He said he expects the auction to succeed because Riverstone and Zions are
working together, and because Zions and MetLife will offer financing; Zions with
10 percent down, MetLife with 20 percent down.

More information about the sale is available at  www.tranzon.com.

The auction begins at 11 a.m. at the Coeur d'Alene Resort.

<b>INDUSTRIAL PARK LANDS  TWO NEW TENANTS</b>

Two new tenants have moved into the Spokane Business & Industrial Park in
Spokane Valley.

One Earth Starch, a green packaging company, is taking 5,600 square feet in
Building 13.

Company owners Marcia and Len Beckett say they will launch the business later
this year. The couple also operate a freight forwarding firm, Rugosa Trading,
out of Blaine, Wash.

Washington Window and Door is leasing 3,200 square feet in Building 12. The
company sells and distributes windows, doors and related products.

<b>TYPE:</b> Column: Here's The Dirt

LOAD-DATE: December 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              553 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                             April 24, 2016 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

St. Louis takes baby step into the broadband market

BYLINE:  By David Nicklaus St. Louis Post-Dispatch

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 600 words


St. Louis is asking a lot from companies interested in providing high-speed
Internet access here. It wants cheap, gigabit-speed connections across the
entire city, plus free or discounted access in disadvantaged neighborhoods.

What the city is offering in return is less clear.

A request for information issued last week mentions that companies may be able
to use "a variety of public assets and infrastructure," including light poles
and city-owned fiber-optic cable. It also says the city, the Downtown STL
business group and the St. Louis Economic Development Partnership will make "the
critical investments and policy modifications required" to secure faster
Internet service.

That doesn't pledge a single dollar of public money, however, and one expert
believes the city won't succeed without making a firmer commitment.

"It's not enough to say we're here and we would like something better," said
Christopher Mitchell, director of the community broadband initiative at the
Minneapolis-based Institute for Local Self Reliance. "We haven't seen this
approach be very successful."

St. Louis officials seem to realize that no company will do everything they
want. Mobin Khan, Downtown STL's director of economic development and research,
said companies don't have to respond to all parts of the request.

A provider could propose to serve "innovation corridors" such as downtown and
the Central West End, for example, without having to offer discounted service in
low-income areas. "The intent is that collectively, from all the companies
wanting to enter the market, we will be able to address all the goals," Khan
explained.

A few places - such as Chattanooga, Tenn., and the Metro East community of
Highland - have built their own citywide fiber networks. The guess here is that
St. Louis, a much bigger city with plenty of other infrastructure needs, won't
go nearly that far.

Other cities have made progress using a low-cost approach. Louisville, Ky.,
issued a request for information similar to St. Louis' in November 2013 and
found three small companies willing to lay fiber in certain areas. It also
caught the attention of Google Fiber, which said last fall that it might expand
into Louisville.

Google Fiber put Los Angeles on its expansion list, too, after that city
launched a gigabit project last year.

Google Fiber - which offers super-fast connectivity for $70 a month - is already
available in four cities, "upcoming" in seven and "potential" in 11 more.

St. Louis would love to join that list. "We have reached out to Google," Khan
said. "I don't know if they will respond formally, but we hope they will come to
the table."

The city can count on a response from Elite Systems, says Jayson Vaughn, owner
of the small Internet provider. His company serves more than 20 commercial and
residential buildings in and near downtown, including 11 where it provides
gigabit-speed service to apartment and condo dwellers.

Vaughn wasn't sure which parts of the proposal he would respond to or what
questions he would have for the city, but praised officials for making broadband
a priority. "We're super excited about it," he said.

The attitude of AT&T and Charter Communications, the region's main Internet
providers, may determine how fast the gigabit goals are reached. Charter says it
expects to submit a plan, while AT&T already has announced that it will bring
gigabit service to parts of the St. Louis area.

The prospect of competition - from Google, Elite or anyone else - could speed up
those plans. And that competitive jolt, Mitchell suggests, may be the most
valuable outcome of the city's efforts.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Synthia Payne stands in her workspace at The Home for Hackers in
Kansas City, Kan., Friday, Jan. 11, 2013. "Home for Hackers" was among the first
wave of houses to be wired and is in a midtown area _ within a block of the
Google Fiber offices _ that's become ground zero for Kansas City startups. (AP
Photo/Orlin Wagner)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              554 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                           December 27, 2014 Saturday

Shoppers Seek Deep Discounts, Gift Exchanges;
On Day After Christmas, A Search For Big Bargains, Returns Of Broken, Unsuitable
Items

BYLINE: Chad Umble

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 654  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


CUMBLE@LNPNEWS.COM

Carrying a plastic bag containing a broken-finned "shark adventure thing" and a
malfunctioning Baymax Mechanical Rocket Fist from the movie "Big Hero Six," Tom
Wainman was first in line just before 9 a.m. Friday at Toys "R" Us in Lancaster.

But he didn't tell that to his two sons.

"I told them that we're exchanging them at Santa's workshop," Wainman said,
adding he thinks his 4-year-old bought the story but isn't so sure about his
9-year-old.

"I just want to get this done," Wainman said.

On Friday, shoppers like Wainman went back to stores to exchange gifts that were
unsuitable for a variety of reasons; others showed up to buy deeply discounted
holiday wrapping paper, ribbon and ornaments.

While crowds were fairly sparse early on at several Lancaster stores and Park
City Center, some of the shoppers were enjoying that one last holiday shopping
tradition: day-after-Christmas deals.

'Our Black Friday'

Most of the roughly two dozen shoppers outside Target on Route 30 when it opened
at 7 a.m. went to the back corner to browse discounted Christmas items.

"We don't do Black Friday shopping, so this is kind of our Black Friday," said
Megan Becker, of Lititz, who was buying half-off Christmas items with her
sister, mother and grandmother.

"This is an addiction in the family, and we're passing it on," Janice Bowers,
Becker's grandmother, said as she helped consider what to add to a shopping cart
filled with wrapping paper, Christmas boxes, ribbons and bows.

At Fifth Avenue Card Shop in Park City Center, about 20 people were in line when
the store opened at 8 a.m., with one customer spending $500 on ornaments that
were 50 percent off, according to Dan Kovalsky, the store's owner.

Ruth McIlvenna, of Lititz, bought 10 items.

"These are next year's Christmas gifts for my family, so you can't be too
specific here," McIlvenna said.

At Target, the first hour and 15 minutes of business brought about two dozen
gift exchanges or returns, an amount an employee said was lower than expected.

One of the returned items was a Christmas gift Peter Witmer, of Leola, had
gotten for his wife.

"We were opening gifts yesterday, and we gave each other a coffee maker. Not
identical, but just about," Witmer said. "We don't need two coffee makers."

The exchange

Amy Ormerod, of Lancaster, returned one of two firefighter outfits she bought
for her 4-year-old grandson, Noah.

Ormerod said her husband decided the red outfit would be better, so she was
returning the yellow one she had gotten at Target.

Jennifer Malave, of Lancaster, was at Target exchanging a four-pack of Britney
Spears Fantasy perfumes her boyfriend bought for her. One of the bottles was
leaking, she explained.

Rich Kramer, of Ronks, arrived soon after Malave to exchange one Elf on the
Shelf for another, explaining he bought the game version of the watchful
Christmas creature, not the original one he was supposed to get.

"Yeah, I got the wrong one," Kramer told the clerk, adding to a reporter that it
wasn't a costly mistake since it was for next year's Christmas.

Broken gifts and hearts

Back across town at Toys "R" Us, Everett Johnson, of New Providence, was on a
more urgent Christmas mission.

Johnson showed up just after 9 a.m. with paperwork on the electric, four-wheeled
Jeep that proved to be a Christmas day downer for his 5-year-old grandson.

Johnson ordered the ridable Jeep online and had it delivered to his daughter's
house in Oxford. But on Christmas Day, it didn't work.

"He was disappointed and said, 'Poppy, what am I going to do?' "Johnson said.

"Heartbroken, you know. So I come back up here to see what they're gonna do."

Johnson couldn't fit the toy vehicle in his own vehicle to actually exchange it,
but emerged from the store after about 15 minutes saying he was told to go to a
Toys R Us nearer Oxford for either a refund or a new Jeep.

"We'll see what the outcome is when we take it back down to the other Toys "R"
Us," he said.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: K. Scott Kreider Photos A Customer, Above, Inspects Discounted
Christmas Ornaments At The Hallmark Store In Park City On Friday. Tom Wainman,
Below, Displays A Damaged Dinosaur He Was Returning To Toys "R" Us.
K. Scott Kreider Everett Johnson Checks The Receipt For A Toy Jeep He Bought For
His Grandson, Hoping To Make A Return Friday Morning At Toys "R" Us.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              555 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              July 8, 2007 Sunday

ARSON BLAMED FOR 'NEAR-MISS' AT WAL-MART

SECTION: HERNANDO TIMES; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 499 words


SPRING HILL

Authorities are saying that arson was the cause of a fire Friday night at the
Wal-Mart on 1485 Commercial Way. The fire outside of the garden center was
reported shortly after 7:30 p.m. and officials arrived at the scene around 7:45
p.m., taking just minutes to extinguish the flame. The fire started with plastic
shelving that was stacked behind the garden center. Fire Chief Tom Challis said
it was a near-miss because the fire spread close to nearby propane tanks.
"Plastic shelving doesn't catch fire just by itself," he said.

ST. PETERSBURG

Celebrate county as Rays play Yanks

Saturday will be Hernando County Community Night when the Tampa Bay Devil Rays
play against the New York Yankees at 7:10 p.m. at Tropicana Field. Hometown
heroes from Hernando County and residents will be recognized, the Hernando
County Sheriff's Office will present the colors for the national anthem, and
County Commissioner Jeff Stabins will throw out the first pitch. Pictures will
be available with mermaids from Weeki Wachee Springs. Discounted tickets can be
purchased online at www.devilrays.com/hernando. Groups of 20 or more can receive
discounted tickets, preferred seating and a scoreboard message. Contact Travis
Mincey at (727) 825-3391 or to tmincey@devilrays.com

BROOKSVILLE

Get certified in food management

Tuesday is the deadline to register for the food managers certification course
and ServSafe certification test that will be July 17 at the Hernando County
Cooperative Extension Service, 19490 Oliver St. Training and the exam are $100;
the manual is $40. Training will be from 8:30 a.m. to 2:30 p.m., followed by the
exam. There is no "exam only" option. Certification is required in Florida for
food managers of all establishments licensed by the Department of Business and
Professional Regulation, the Department of Agriculture and Consumer Services and
selected licenses of the Health Department. All agencies accept the ServSafe
certification. Call 754-4433.

SPRING HILL

Women's chorus looking for singers

The Hernando Hills Hi-Lites invites women who like to sing to join the group.
Rehearsals are from 7 to 9:30 p.m. Mondays at Mariner United Methodist Church,
7079 Mariner Blvd., Spring Hill. The Hi-Lites is a women's chorus that sings
four-part harmony, a cappella, in North American barbershop style. For
information, call Tessie, 686-4122, or e-mail Dottie at jumpiejim@yahoo.com

Get out and play sand volleyball

Players and teams are needed for Hernando County Recreation's Adult 6V6 Co-Ed
Sand Volleyball league. The season will start Aug. 18 at Delta Woods Park on
Deltona Boulevard, with all games played on Saturdays. Team fees must be paid by
Aug. 6. For details, call Fred Kranz at the Recreation Department, 754-4031.

Today's picks

VFW Post 8713 and Ladies Auxiliary host monthly breakfast: 9 to 11 a.m., 1686 E
Jefferson St., Brooksville. $4. 796-6026.

'Night of Joy' karaoke and talent show: 6 p.m., Fellowship Community Church,
11250 Spring Hill Drive, Spring Hill. 232-0096.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              556 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           November 7, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Orlando's winter deals aimed at luring Canadians

BYLINE: Rick Cropp and Barbara Braidwood, Canwest News Service

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F6

LENGTH: 466  words


The Orlando Convention & Visitors Bureau is hoping to entice you to visit with
its new Made for Canadians promotion valid through April 30.

This is the first time the Orlando CVB (1-800-551-2006,
VisitOrlando.com/Canada)has had a specific savings program just for us.

There are more than 70 offers that range from discounted or free accommodation
to deals on attractions or eateries.

For example, when you book a three-day golf school at the Faldo Golf Institute
by Marriott, you receive free lodging in a one-bedroom villa at Marriott's
Grande Vista Resort for three nights.

The Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando/South Lake Buena Vista is offering a discounted
rate of $55 US per night and the Pirate's Dinner Adventure is giving $20 US off
per adult.

Be prepared to show Canadian ID and blackout dates may apply.

While in Florida, roller-coaster fans may want to visit SeaWorld Orlando's (
seaworld.com)new Manta ride that claims to give you the sensation of being a
giant ray.

Universal Studios Florida's ( universalorlando.com)new Hollywood Rip, Ride,
Rockit coaster lets you select the music you'd like to shriek to as you coast
around.

If you can, make the trip (about an hour's drive) to one of our favourite
places: Daytona Beach ( daytonabeachcvb.org,click on Canadian Sand Dollars for
accommodation discounts).

It was the novelty of driving on the seemingly endless beach and the relatively
cheap off-season prices that first attracted us, but we have found other
attractions to draw us back.

Daytona boasts a gargantuan flea market ( daytonafleamarket.com)and the beach is
a terrific spot for viewing night launches at Cape Canaveral.

North of the strip is where you can catch a glimpse of old Florida.

The hotels have been kept to a maximum of a few storeys and are mostly located
on the non-water side of the two-lane highway.

The beach is kilometres of untrammelled wide sand where you can fish without
snagging a swimmer or sunbather.

Best of all are a series of historic attractions hidden down some of the roads
off the beach ( ormondscenicloopandtrail.com).

We love the Tomoka State Park ( floridastateparks.org/tomoka),where we once
happened upon a couple Norman Rock-well-type boys fishing blue crabs out of the
meandering creek. They shyly showed us where the alligators like to sun and told
us about the manatees that munch through the aquatic forest that waved
hypnotically under the tiny bridge.

On an aimless meandering, we also came across the Bulow Plantation Ruins
Historic State Park ( floridastateparks.org/bulowplantation).

The narrow winding drive along Plantation Road is a step back in time with
overhanging live oak branches.

The ruins themselves are fascinating, but the serenity of the salt marshes and
creek and absence of anyone all afternoon made it just another day in the 1800s.

LOAD-DATE: November 7, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Courtesy, SeaWorld; A killer whale and his trainer perform at
Orlando's SeaWorld. Rollercoaster fans may also want to try out the new Manta
ride. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2009 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              557 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            November 12, 2010 Friday

Salvation Army receives funds for oven from Upland woman

BYLINE: By Liset Marquez Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 432 words


When Linda Russell heard the Salvation Army Corps Community Center's convection
oven had broken down, she couldn't bear the idea of people going hungry.

The Ontario center serves 10 cities in the Inland Empire, including Rancho
Cucamonga, Upland, Montclair and as far south as Chino

Every Wednesday and Sunday, the Salvation Army provides warm meals to 175 to 200
people.

Knowing how pivotal the oven is to their free meals program, Russell offered to
donate the $1,500 needed for a new oven out of her own pocket.

The Upland resident said the motivation came from her mother, Lee Engle Russell,
who loved to cook and was very involved in service organizations like the
Salvation Army.

Russell, whose mother passed away last year took some of her inheritance money
and made the donation.

"That money is not mine," she said. "It's God's money on loan for me to spend."

On Oct. 29, Russell headed over to the Salvation Army in Ontario to greet the
representative of the company that sold them the discounted oven - which is
where North Carolina-based Southbend comes into the picture.

The company, which is known for its top-of-the-line ovens, agreed to sell the
product at a discounted rate.

Don Smith, who is the director of sales for the west region was contacted by
Shelby Grundy, an employee of the Ontario Salvation Army.

Smith agreed to try to locate a display oven, which he could sell to the
organization at a discounted price.

"They do a lot of good work," he said of the organization.

The only problem, Smith said, was having trouble locating a display model.

"Shelby is a persistent guy and in sales you have to be persistent," he said.

To his credit, Smith said his persistence motivated him to continue his search
until he finally found a display model in the offices of Southern California
Edison.

The oven, Marathoner Gold, is the best model the company sells, he said. New
ovens at the company typically sell anywhere between $5,000 to $6,000, but Smith
dropped the price down to $1,500.

For Smith, the meeting in late October provided him with the opportunity to meet
Russell as well as Shelby.

To honor her mother, Russell is planning on placing a plaque on the convection
oven that reads, "In honor of Lee Engle Russell."

"So people using the oven will see it and know," she said. "It's an extra
blessing."

Aside from wanting to honor her mother, Russell said she knew how important the
oven was for the Salvation Army, which provides hundreds of free meals in a
month and over the holidays.

"To see all the work they do, it's amazing," she said.

liset.marquez@inlandnewspapers.com

909-483-8556

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              558 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              June 18, 2007 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

PLAN WOULD RAISE AT-THE-GATE TICKET PRICES FOR HALLOWEEN

BYLINE: By BRITTANY SCHOEPP bschoepp@madison.com 608-252-6120

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 417 words


Ticket prices for this fall's State Street Halloween party could increase to $7
at the gate, up from $5 last year, if a resolution set to be introduced to the
City Council on Tuesday night is approved.

When tickets to the event were first required last year, they went for $5 and
only a few thousand sold in advance, creating long lines to get on State Street.

"The additional fee is, of course, meant to avoid the lines," said Ald. Mike
Verveer, 4th District. "There are a lot of events that have advance sales, so
this isn't that unusual."

Tickets would still be available for $5 this year until Oct. 26, the day before
the Saturday night event.

Ticket sales could raise over $250,000 to help fund law enforcement, street
setup and ticket taking at the event. Sales raised about $160,000 last year.

The proposed resolution also would encourage organizations to sponsor free or
discounted tickets. Verveer said UW-Madison students expressed interest in
receiving a free or discounted ticket, while students flocking from across the
Midwest to party in Madison would pay full price.

However, Verveer said it could be difficult to determine who is a student and
who is not, especially on the night of the event, and it would be unfair to
other colleges in the city.

By allowing organizations to offer discounted tickets, businesses, student
governments or other groups could purchase tickets at face value and give them
out for free or a reduced price.

Charging admission sparked a controversy with students last year, and many had
planned to skip the festivities on State Street altogether. Some threatened to
move the party to Langdon Street.

About 35,000 revelers flocked to State Street last year - significantly fewer
than the estimated crowd of 80,000 in 2005.

"I don't mind that there were fewer people, but what I did find disappointing
(was) so many Downtown residents and students decided to stay away, thinking it
was going to be a police state or no fun," Verveer said. "I hope students
realize that this isn't such a bad event."

State Street residents, business owners and employees will again receive free
tickets this year.

Last year's lessons are guiding the initial steps for the upcoming Halloween,
Verveer said, and with the event still months away, there will be many
opportunities for student and community input.

"We're still very much at the preliminary stages," he said.

The proposed resolution will be referred to committee and voted on by the City
Council in August at the earliest, Verveer said.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              559 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                          February 28, 1990, Wednesday

SCRAP STATE TRUCK REGULATION

BYLINE: W. BRUCE ALLEN

SECTION: EDITORIAL PAGES, Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 863 words


It has been 10 years since the Motor Carrier Act codified a series of Interstate
Commerce Commission decisions that significantly deregulated interstate shipping
in the United States. The results have been dramatic. The economic gain from
deregulating interstate truck shipping has been estimated at $ 10 billion to $
11 billion a year.

But if interstate deregulation has been so beneficial, why haven't the vast
majority of states deregulated intrastate shipping? Doing so could bring even
reater economic efficiencies than those arising from interstate deregulation.

Forty-two states still have some form of regulation of motor freight rates and
control of entry and exit in the intrastate market. Aside from New Jersey and
Delaware, neither of which ever regulated the industry, only Florida, Arizona,
Maine, Wisconsin, Alaska and Vermont do not regulate intrastate trucking.

A few states, like Texas and Illinois, are set against deregulation. They still
interpret their trucking regulations as strictly as they did prior to federal
deregulation. The state with the largest trucking market, California, can't seem
to make up its mind. It leaned toward deregulation in the early 1980s, re-
regulated in 1986 and recently announced that it will institute more liberal
reforms.

Those who favor regulation of intrastate trucking contend that it is a local
matter, that a state can make its own choices governing internal shipments
without affecting consumers elsewhere. But things aren't so cut and dried.

State economies are spatially interdependent. In other words, when a product is
moved from one end of Texas to the other, it incurs a high transportation cost
within Texas. If that product subsequently is moved to Arizona, the increased
cost ultimately is reflected in prices in Arizona. While voters in Texas decide
on their own regulatory policy, the electorate of Arizona is affected by Texans'
choices.

To evaluate the extent of that effect, several associates and I recently
developed a computer-run "price" model that linked the economies of each state
by utilizing the flow of goods and services among states.

Our objective was to determine the impact of one state's shipping regulations on
all other states. In effect, we wanted to find out if Maine would jump when
Texas was tickled. By breaking the United States into 125 economic sectors and
51 geographic regions, we were able to analyze the effect of lowering intrastate
shipping prices in one state on prices in other states and regions.

We focused on the 42 regulated states, using spring 1987 rates for intrastate
and interstate shipping of commodities in each of the 125 sectors. In each case,
rates for the same distance, commodity and weight were compared. Interstate
rates were discounted by 40 percent, the average post-deregulation discount,
while intrastate rates were discounted by each state's average discount rate.

For 20 of the states, the discounted intrastate rates were higher than the
discounted interstate rates. If one of those states were to deregulate, we
assumed, its freight rates would fall to the interstate level.

If each of the 20 states were to deregulate trucking at the same time, the total
economic gain for the deregulating states would come to $ 2.7 billion a year.
But that's just the start. Shippers and consumers in other states could save
even more than those in the states that would roll back their regulations. The
overall impact on the U.S. economy would be between $ 5 billion and $ 12 billion
- above and beyond the $ 10 billion to $ 11 billion already generated annually
by the deregulation of interstate shipping.

This makes clear that intrastate regulation isn't just an intrastate issue.
Consumers and shippers across the country pay a heavy price for state
regulation.

There are other rationales for continuing state regulation. One frequent
argument holds that enforcing strict economic rules in the shipping industry
keeps carriers healthy and serves as an incentive to maintain safe trucks.

Surely safety is a key issue. Relaxing restrictions on truck size, load weight,
equipment maintenance and driver hours ultimately may make our highways more
dangerous for motorists. However, there is no evidence to suggest that safe
trucking is correlated with economic regulation. There are proportionately fewer
accidents today, after interstate deregulation, than before.

Another justification for state regulation is the need to maintain shipping
service to small communities. But this end, too, can be achieved without
requiring service or mandating rates. So long as truckers are able to charge
profitable rates under deregulation, small communities will continue to be
served.

It is clear that significant social costs exist with respect to intrastate motor
carrier regulation. These costs are increased by the expense of maintaining the
states' regulatory apparatus. If states deregulate, the U.S. economy stands to
gain between $ 5 billion and $ 12 billion each year in efficiency gains with no
decrease in safety or in service to small communities. Let federal pre-emption
of state regulation accomplish this.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

EDITOR-NOTE: W. Bruce Allen is professor of public policy at The Wharton School

                  Copyright 1990 The Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              560 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Times & Transcript (New Brunswick)

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

Spiteful ex-best friend takes woman's place at family dinners

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. C2

LENGTH: 248 words


DEAR ABBY: I had a close friend from middle school into adulthood. (I'll call
her Lacey.) We were each other's maids of honour and best friends for years. A
few years ago we had a falling out. She was going through a tough time and
lashed out at me. When I tried to have a conversation with her to tell her I
didn't like how she was treating me, she told me to "have a nice life."

Shortly after that, my youngest sister struck up a friendship with her and
insisted that my parents invite her for Thanksgiving dinner. I told my mother I
wasn't comfortable with Lacey joining our family dinner, but Mother said it
would be rude to not invite her.

I no longer join my family for holiday dinners. Is it wrong of me to not want my
family to be so friendly with someone who was unkind to me? Is there a positive
and constructive way to address this situation? - DISCOUNTED AND EXCLUDED IN
NEVADA

DEAR DISCOUNTED: Of course, you can't dictate whom your sister(s) can be
friendly with, but you should explain to your parents how her inclusion has made
you feel.

When Lacey advised you to "have a nice life," I hope you took her up on it and
have made other friends. I also hope you don't sit around alone when the
holidays roll around. Sometimes the most rewarding and loving experiences and
relationships we have are with the "families" we build for ourselves.

Jeanne Phillips DearAbby.com P.O. Box 69440, Los Angeles, CA 90069 Syndicated
advice columnist !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Times &; Transcript (Moncton)

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Times & Transcript.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              561 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             March 4, 2014 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Another overhyped snowstorm during Flower Show

BYLINE: By Virginia A. Smith; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; P-com News Local; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 764 words


For the second time in as many years, a forecast for a major snowstorm during
the Philadelphia Flower Show turned into a bust.

Early forecasts called for eight to 12 inches in the city and region Sunday
night into Monday, but far less fell. And while you couldn't exactly skateboard
through the aisles Monday, crowds were definitely lighter than usual at the
Convention Center, where the nine-day show runs through Sunday.

As show organizers know from experience, the threat of snow deters visitors just
as much as actual snow does. So the Pennsylvania Horticultural Society (PHS),
which produces the annual floral fest, did something it's never done before:

It offered discounted online tickets - $20 vs. $27 online or $32 at the door -
from 2 p.m. Sunday through midnight Monday, good for any day of the show. By 11
a.m. Monday, 3,100 people had taken advantage of it, a number that grew to 5,850
just two hours later, despite some technical problems with the show's website
early on.

Until Monday, attendance was on track with last year's. "We're obviously down
today, but we're hoping to build the momentum back up by the end of the week,"
PHS spokesman Alan Jaffe said.

(For the rest of this week: The forecast calls for no snow but possible rain,
with temperatures in the 20s and 30s through Thursday, and in the 40s from
Friday through Sunday. More than five feet of snow has fallen here this winter,
the third snowiest on record.)

At some point, Jaffe added, PHS may consider adding a permanent discounted
ticket for certain times and days of the show, but not this year.

PHS president Drew Becher said last year that a $20 ticket was being discussed
to increase audiences after 5 p.m. on weekdays, when crowds are the lightest.
That idea was rejected for 2014, he said, due to the rising popularity of theme
nights, such as an LGBT Party, Girls Night Out, and Wedding Wednesday and the
boost expected from a $125 VIP package that includes one free ticket, discounted
food and parking, early-morning entry to the show, and other perks.

But the expense of attending the Flower Show continues to be an issue for people
like Terri Batz, a human resources assistant from Burlington, who stopped going
a few years ago because of the cost of the tickets.

"A lot of us wanted to go, but we don't want to pay that price. It makes a big
difference when you're buying for multiple people," said Batz, who eagerly
bought three discounted tickets online for $60 Monday morning.

At the regular price, she would have paid $81 online or $96 at the door. "Add
$25 for parking, and that's a lot of money," she said. "If tickets were $20 all
the time, I'd go every year."

Gerri Burton of Bryn Mawr goes regardless, but she, too, snapped up several $20
tickets Monday and will treat some friends to the show Saturday.

Burton, a 78-year-old who prides herself on her ability to "sniff out a deal,"
said she goes to the Metropolitan Opera in New York City and always manages to
get a discount.

"My ticket to the opera averages $36. The Flower Show is $32. The Flower Show is
in no way comparable to the Metropolitan Opera," Burton said. "I think the
Flower Show is high."

PHS is a nonprofit, and the Flower Show is its largest fund-raiser, most years
generating $1 million or more for PHS's urban gardening and farming,
tree-planting, and public landscapes programs.

This year's theme - ARTiculture, a blending of art and horticulture - paired
exhibitors and floral designers with museums and art schools. The result has
drawn wide praise for the sophisticated interplay of the two disciplines and
quality of exhibits.

PHS has high hopes for the 2014 production, which follows a show that lost about
$2 million and, combined with a drop in government grants and foundation
support, led to layoffs, program cutbacks, and a staff reorganization in 2013.

Weather was a factor last year, too, after a much-hyped midweek snowstorm failed
to land, at least in the city. That day, the Convention Center aisles were
skateboard-worthy, as visitors stayed home and out-of-town tour buses canceled
and received ticket refunds.

But weather is always a factor in early March. Sometimes it's a disaster: The
1993 Flower Show closed early because of a blizzard.

Then there was 2001. Philadelphia meteorologist John Bolaris infamously hyped
the "storm of the century" during Flower Show week, upending the region and the
show. The storm delivered two inches outside Philadelphia and missed the city
altogether.

vsmith@phillynews.com

2k15-854-5720

facebook.com/InqGardening

@inkygardener

www.inquirer.com/kisstheearth


LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photograph by: Ed Hille

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              562 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                              May 2, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

House endorses drug bill But foes question motives of drugmakers, who support
the measure Intended to give some a discount, the bill may hike prices for many,
say an insurer and business rep.

BYLINE: Chris Frates Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-02

LENGTH: 529 words


Drug manufacturers may be supporting a bill to lower the cost of prescription
drugs because it will give them a competitive advantage, the measure's opponents
said Monday.

Representatives from the drug industry have said they support House Bill 1100,
to which the House gave preliminary approval on Monday, because it would offer
some uninsured Coloradans access to discounted drugs.

But a Republican lawmaker, representatives from a major health plan and a
business group said the measure would allow the drug industry and others access
to confidential pricing information between health plans and drug makers.

"The reality of that impact is increased pharmaceutical cost for all employers,"
said Travis Berry, a lobbyist for the Colorado Competitive Council, a statewide
coalition of employers and chambers of commerce.

John O'Brien, of the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America,
denied the measure would make confidential pricing information public.

The proposal is designed to provide discounted drugs to uninsured Coloradans who
earn less than 250 percent of the federal poverty level, or $50,000 for a family
of four, and those 60 and older.

It would provide them access to the same prices state employees pay when
purchasing drugs, which are discounted on average about 30 percent.

To provide consumers with those prices, the measure takes an average of the
discounts the state's health plans received the previous year.

Susan Cox of Kaiser Permanente said that once health plans start disclosing the
discounts they negotiate, "those deep discounts go away."

"Instead of giving everyone the deep discount, they give no one the deep
discount," she said, adding that such a move would increase drug costs for
Kaiser's 8.5 million customers nationwide.

Cox said the drug industry has been adamant about tying the reimbursement rate
to prices paid by health insurance companies.

Wanda Moebius, PhRMA spokeswoman, said the group has declined to negotiate on
that point "because we think the program as written is good ... and offers the
best discounts for patients."

Republican Rep. Debbie Stafford of Aurora said the disclosure may reduce health
plans' ability to competitively negotiate prices.

"I think there's concern that there is a bigger agenda, and not just in Colorado
but across the nation, to challenge discounts and rebates," Stafford said.

But O'Brien of PhRMA said it's not possible to determine what a health plan
negotiates with a drug company because public information is averaged.

"There's no public disclosure of the specific rebate that's offered to a company
for a specific drug, so the insurer's business information remains secret," he
said.

And Jeff Lewis, an advisor to the Colorado AFL-CIO and president of the Heinz
Family Philanthropies, which have joined PhRMA in support of the legislation,
said "the only public data here is ... what the average discounts are on the
prescriptions."

Cox, of Kaiser, however, said there could be drugs that only Kaiser carries. If
that were the case, it would be clear what Kaiser's discount is as soon as a
program participant bought the drug.

Chris Frates can be reached at cfrates@denverpost.com or 303-820-1633.

LOAD-DATE: May 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              563 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                  AUGUST 4, 1999 Wednesday CNEW JERSEY EDITION

MEDFORD'S DISCOUNT TICKETS BURNED IN ROBBERY

BYLINE: Karen Masterson, INQUIRER SUBURBAN STAFF

SECTION: SOUTH JERSEY; Pg. B03

LENGTH: 333 words

DATELINE: MEDFORD


The theft of $12 from the Recreation Department last month not only got the
thieves into a heap of trouble for a little bit of money, but also put a damper
on the entire community's summer fun.

Justin Wiersig, 20, of Eastampton, and a 17-year-old from Medford Lakes whose
name was not released by police, broke into the Recreation Department, called
Cranberry Hall, behind the Municipal Building on South Main Street on July 2,
authorities said. They stole and pummeled the department's safe and burned its
remains after taking $12 in cash, police said. They have since been convicted
and sentenced in the case.

Destroyed were $8,000 worth of discounted tickets that the township had
consigned from the New Jersey Recreation and Parks Association. For the last few
years, fun-seekers have been able to buy cut-rate tickets for Dorney Park,
Sesame Place, Morey's Pier, Hershey Park, Six Flags Great Adventure, and the New
Jersey State Aquarium in Camden, saving up to $15 on each ticket.

Beth Richmond, director of recreation programs, said Medford was selling the
tickets to residents at cost, unlike other municipalities that turn a limited
profit on the state's discounted-ticket program.

"We feel bad, because now they're calling for the tickets, but we don't have
any," Richmond said.

Evesham officials have agreed to sell that township's discounted tickets to
Medford residents. However, Richmond warned that residents will pay a few
dollars more for Evesham's tickets, although they will still get a discount off
the regular gate rate.

Authorities said that after the two were convicted, Weirsig was sent to jail and
the 17-year-old was sent to the Juvenile Detention Center in Burlington County.

"It's a nuisance and an inconvenience," said Township Manager Alan Feit.

He said that discounted tickets in Evesham were running out. Residents may also
call Medford's Recreation Department at 609-654-2512 for information on other
locations for tickets.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 1999 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              564 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                      June 24, 1977, Friday, Final Edition

Elderly and handicapped get special fares at all hours

SECTION: The Washington Post Magazine; D6

LENGTH: 623 words


There will be an important change in the discounted fares elderly and
handicapped citizens pay when riding Metrobus and the Metro subway beginning
next Friday.

Today, on the bus and train, the elderly pay half-fare, but get their discount
only during the off-peak hours.  During rush hours they either have to pay full
fare or they do not ride.

But starting Friday, special rates will be provided elderly and handicapped
citizens at all hours.  As is true for everyone else, however, figuring the fare
is not that simple.

For the subway, elderly and handicapped will pay half of the rush-hour fare at
all times, computed downward to the nearest nickel.  For example, the most
expensive rush-hour subway ride will cost most people 65 cents, but those who
qualify for elderly and handicapped fares will pay only 30 cents at all hours.

There's a catch.  Metro's computerized fare-collecting system on its subways
requires the use of a special ticket, called a Farecard, both to enter and leave
the subway station.  To take advantage of the special fares, elderly and
handicapped will have to buy specially encoded Farecards.  The special Farecards
are not for sale in subway stations.  A list of sales outlets for special
Farecards follows this article.

For buses, at all hours, elderly and handicapped people will pay half of the
regular off-peak fare.

That means that a bus ride within the District of Columbia, or within Virginia
or within Maryland will cost 20 cents at all times; bus rides between the
District and Virginia will cost 35 cents at all times and bus rides between the
District and Maryland will cost 30 cents at all times.

Senior citizens, defined by Metro as anyone over 65 years of age, can qualify
for the special rates by picking up an ID card at any area public library.
Senior citizens must bring some proof of age with them to qualify, and will get
a card identifying them as senior citizens.

With that card they can (1) board a bus and pay the discounted fare and (2)
purchase discounted Farecards for the subway system.

Handicapped people can obtain an application to qualify for discounted fares at
one of the locations listed at the end of this article or by calling Metro's
Handicapped Service Unit at 637-1245 or 637-1246.  An application will be
mailed.

The application must be completed by a licensed physician, and is subject to
review by a Metro staff doctor.  When the application is completed, the
handicapped person can call for an appointment at Metro or come to Metro
Headquarters (600 5th St. NW) on a first-come, first-served basis to be
photographed for a laminated identification card.

Possession of that card entitles the handicapped person to board a bus at
discounted fares and to buy the special reduced-rate subway Farecard.

Special-rate Farecards for the subway can be purchased for $4 each, and will
entitle the rider to about the same amount of Metro trips as an $8 card would to
another person.

Properly qualified handicapped and senior citizens can buy the discounted
Farecards at these locations:

Metro Headquarters, 600 5th St. NW; Metro sales office, 1422 New York Ave. NW;
Washington Bus Terminal office, on 10th Street between Constitution and
Pennsylvania Avenues NW; the Bladensburg Sales Office, at the rear of 2250 26th
St. NE; the Pentagon sales office, B-5 Stairway, Pentagon Concourse; Northern
Bus Division, 4615 14th St. NW; Western Bus division, 5230 Wisconsin Ave. NW;
Southeastern Bus Division, 17 M St. SE; Royal Street Bus Division, 600 N. Royal
St., Alexandria; Four-Mile Bus Division, 3501 S. Glebe Road, Arlington;
Arlington Bus Division, 707 N. Randolph St., Arlington, and the Maryland Bus
Division, 4421 Southern Avenue, Coral Hills.

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1977 The Washington Post


                              565 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Maryland Gazette

                            April 7, 2010 Wednesday

Residents protest impact fee discounts

BYLINE: ERIN COX, Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 776  words


Frustrated by perceived favors to the construction industry, county residents
Monday night protested continued discounts on impact fees for developers.

About 30 people complained that Anne Arundel's infrastructure needs are too
great to let builders pay only a fraction of the cost incurred by new
development.

At a public hearing before the County Council in Annapolis, an at-times hostile
crowd implored politicians to vote down a bill that would continue deep
discounts on the development fees.

"This is a financial windfall for developers and a raw deal for the rest of us,"
Ted Weber of the county's Green Party said. "Development should pay its own way
and not be subsidized by taxpayers."

Four council members introduced a plan to reset impact fees to a discounted rate
that was adopted in 2009, in part to encourage development during the recession.

The discounted fees - which pay for expansion of schools, roads and other
infrastructure to accommodate new development - recoup less than 22 percent of
infrastructure costs. They are among the lowest such fees in Maryland.

An amendment to the plan Monday night pushes off a final decision until later
this month.

The bill's sponsors said the construction industry has been hit the hardest by
the recession and hasn't recovered enough to shoulder a doubling of the fees,
which took effect in January.

"It's not that we oppose impact fees. It's not that we oppose impact fees going
up. We just oppose the timing," said council Vice Chairman Ron Dillon,
R-Pasadena.

Dillon said he corralled three other sponsors for the plan because his district
desperately needs jobs and the county's giant budget shortfall makes it vital
that the construction and housing industry recover.

"The reason I brought this forward is really to get people back to work," Dillon
said. "The two avenues of revenue that we (the county) are falling short on is
recordation and transfer fees, as well as income tax. And that's really
generating the $95 million shortfall that we're facing. ... Obviously, the
construction industry has really led, not only in Anne Arundel County, but the
nation, in the crisis. And I think they're going to lead us back out."

James Mandrin of Pasadena-based Mandrin Homes told the council his business
already had seen revenue plummet and has laid off most of its workers. A
doubling of impact fees could spell the end of his company, he said.

"Our profit margins are paper thin," Mandrin said. "My goal is to keep my
employees working and get through this recession."

Jason Bellman of Brackens Landscaping in Pasadena asked the council members to
do anything they can to help. Brackens has seen revenue drop by 60 percent and
has laid off 70 percent of its employees since 2007.

The Annapolis and Anne Arundel County Chamber of Commerce also backed the idea
of keeping impact fees lower for another year, saying the dramatic increases
hurt the development of commercial properties.

"We are losing a critical part of our assessable tax base here in Anne Arundel
County," said Bob Burdon, chamber president. "The commercial tax base is
critical, and the commercial tax base is being decimated."

Others who sat through nearly a year of hearings to help craft an increase to
the fees in 2008 took personal offense at the proposal.

"I feel betrayed by this legislation," said Earl Bradley, who spoke on behalf of
the Sierra Club. "Going back, saying, 'We're going to refund money to developers
because they're paying 40 percent of the cost instead of 25 percent of the cost'
is ridiculous."

The council amended the plan 6-0 to clarify that developers who have applied for
permits since January would receive refunds for any impact fee increases if the
bill passes. Another public hearing on the bill is scheduled for April 19.

County Budget Officer John Hammond said the ripple effect of continuing the
discounts could cumulatively cost Anne Arundel between $8.7 and $17 million.

But County Auditor Teresa Sutherland said it is impossible to calculate the
precise impact of the discount. While the number of applications spiked during
the discount period, only 15 percent of those projects have moved forward,
county officials said.

Those statistics prompted some county officials to say that the discount period
did not effectively stimulate the economy, but rather inspired developers with
potential projects to apply early to receive a discount.

Carole Sanner, assistant planning and zoning officer, said building permits were
pulled for only about 95 of the more than 600 applications in 2009.

"Those people aren't interested in pulling permits," Sanner said. "They're
interested in lowering their impact fee liability."

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              566 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             April 6, 2010 Tuesday

Residents protest impact fee discounts

BYLINE: ERIN COX Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 779  words


Frustrated by perceived favors to the construction industry, county residents
last night protested continued discounts on impact fees for developers.

About 30 people complained that Anne Arundel's infrastructure needs are too
great to let builders pay only a fraction of the cost incurred by new
development.

At a public hearing before the County Council in Annapolis, an at-times hostile
crowd implored politicians to vote down a bill that would continue deep
discounts on the development fees.

"This is a financial windfall for developers and a raw deal for the rest of us,"
Ted Weber of the county's Green Party said. "Development should pay its own way
and not be subsidized by taxpayers."

Four council members introduced a plan to reset impact fees to a discounted rate
that was adopted in 2009, in part to encourage development during the recession.

The discounted fees - which pay for expansion of schools, roads and other
infrastructure to accommodate new development - recoup less than 22 percent of
infrastructure costs. They are among the lowest such fees in Maryland.

An amendment to the plan last night pushes off a final decision until later this
month.

The bill's sponsors said the construction industry has been hit the hardest by
the recession and hasn't recovered enough to shoulder a doubling of the fees,
which took effect in January.

"It's not that we oppose impact fees. It's not that we oppose impact fees going
up. We just oppose the timing," said council Vice Chairman Ron Dillon,
R-Pasadena.

Dillon said he corralled three other sponsors for the plan because his district
desperately needs jobs and the county's giant budget shortfall makes it vital
that the construction and housing industry recover.

"The reason I brought this forward is really to get people back to work," Dillon
said. "The two avenues of revenue that we (the county) are falling short on is
recordation and transfer fees, as well as income tax. And that's really
generating the $95 million shortfall that we're facing. ... Obviously, the
construction industry has really led, not only in Anne Arundel County, but the
nation, in the crisis. And I think they're going to lead us back out."

James Mandrin of Annapolis-based Mandrin Homes told the council his business had
already seen revenue plummet and has laid off most of its workers. A doubling of
impact fees could spell the end of his company, he said.

"Our profit margins are paper thin," Mandrin said. "My goal is to keep my
employees working and get through this recession."

Jason Bellman of Brackens Landscaping in Pasadena asked the council members to
do anything they can to help. Brackens has seen revenue drop by 60 percent and
has laid off 70 percent of its employees since 2007.

The Annapolis and Anne Arundel County Chamber of Commerce also backed the idea
of keeping impact fees lower for another year, saying the dramatic increases
hurt the development of commercial properties.

"We are losing a critical part of our assessable tax base here in Anne Arundel
County," said Bob Burdon, chamber president. "The commercial tax base is
critical, and the commercial tax base is being decimated."

Other residents who sat through nearly a year of hearings to help craft an
increase to the fees in 2008 took personal offense at the proposal.

"I feel betrayed by this legislation," said Earl Bradley, who spoke on behalf of
the Sierra Club. "Going back, saying, 'We're going to refund money to developers
because they're paying 40 percent of the cost instead of 25 percent of the cost'
is ridiculous."

The council amended the plan 6-0 last night to clarify that developers who have
applied for permits since January would receive refunds for any impact fee
increases if the bill passes. Another public hearing on the bill is scheduled
for April 19.

County Budget Officer John Hammond said the ripple effect of continuing the
discounts could cumulatively cost Anne Arundel between $8.7 and $17 million.

But County Auditor Teresa Sutherland said it is impossible to calculate the
precise impact of the discount. While the number of applications spiked during
the discount period, only 15 percent of those projects have moved forward,
county officials said.

Those statistics prompted some county officials to say that the discount period
did not effectively stimulate the economy, but rather inspired developers with
potential projects to apply early to receive a discount.

Carole Sanner, assistant planning and zoning officer, said building permits were
pulled for only about 95 of the more than 600 applications in 2009.

"Those people aren't interested in pulling permits," Sanner said. "They're
interested in lowering their impact fee liability."

LOAD-DATE: April 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              567 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Sunday Mail (South Australia)

                              July 5, 2009 Sunday
                               1 - State Edition

Expo a bargain delight

SECTION: SUPPLEMENT; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 360  words


TRAVEL has never been more affordable with cheap airfares, a strengthening
dollar and travel companies dropping prices to tempt people spooked by the
global financial crisis.

With this background, the deals on offer at a city travel expo next month are
likely to be a golden opportunity for people who have done their homework and
are ready to book a North American holiday.

Flight Centre will be holding its Canada, Alaska and the US (including Hawaii)
Travel Show at the Hilton Adelaide on August 9 from 10am-4pm.

Leading travel specialists will be under one roof for the day, offering
information, advice, the latest products and heavily discounted deals for people
ready to take a break.

Whether it is a cruise through Alaska's famous Inside Passage, a surf-and-sun
beach holiday in Hawaii, an action-packed visit to fabulous cities such as Los
Angeles, San Francisco, Las Vegas and New York, or a tour through the Canadian
Rockies, there is sure to be a holiday on offer that will appeal.

Flight Centre executive general marketing manager Colin Bowman says visitors can
expect to find great value packages, earlybird airfares, innovative cruises and
discounted accommodation.

``Travel has rarely been more affordable than it is right now,'' Mr. Bowman
says.

``People planning a holiday in North America during the next year will be able
to pocket some of the biggest savings recorded.

``Flight Centre's partner airlines, tour companies and hotels will present
informative free theatrette displays on the hottest destinations and be on hand
to offer expert advice, from designing the perfect itinerary to tips for
travelling.''

Travellers who book their holiday on the day with travel consultants from Flight
Centre, Escape Travel, Student Flights or Cruiseabout, will go into a draw to
win prizes.

While the expo will have discount deals for those ready to book, it will also be
an invaluable source of advice for people who are contemplating a holiday but
are still doing their research. It may also prove an inspiration for people who
find tours they knew little about, such as the spectacular autumn colours of New
England's forests.

Admission to the expo is free.

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SUM


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              568 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday

California: Holman Highway 68 Roundabout - Night Time Construction Wednesday and
Thursday

LENGTH: 294  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pacific Grove: City of Pacific Grove, The State of California  has issued the
followin news release:



   Construction of the Holman Highway 68 Roundabout will require night-time road
construction from 8 p.m. to 6 a.m. on the nights of Wednesday August 24 and
Thursday August 25.





 The construction work will require traffic control and flagging through the
intersection of Holman Highway 68 and the southbound Highway 1 on and off ramps.


 Emergency vehicles will have full access through the work zone at all times.

 Motorists should expect delays of approximately 10 - 15 minutes.



 Upcoming Construction Phase

 The project will enter a phase with increased night work starting Sunday,
August 28th and going through the week of September 12. No work will be done
during Labor Day Weekend. Night time work is generally between 8 p.m. and 6
a.m., Sunday nights - Friday mornings. Stay tuned for more updates next week.



 Deeply Discounted Bus and Parking Passes

 To help reduce congestion during construction of the Holman Highway 68
Roundabout, Monterey-Salinas Transit will be selling deeply discounted bus
passes to individuals who live or work in the area affected by the construction
zone. The bus pass is a great way to avoid traffic while saving on the cost of
driving your car.



 In conjunction with the bus pass, the City of Monterey will provide deeply
discounted parking at the Downtown Garages. When a customer shows their MST bus
pass, they can purchase 20 daily entries to the parking garage for $20, which a
50% discount. From the Downtown Garage, people can use their MST bus passes  to
get around Monterey, New Monterey, and Pacific Grove.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              569 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             April 23, 2012 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Check in with Guestmob for hassle-free hotel discounts;
New website also guarantees rooms, requires no bidding

BYLINE: Dennis Schaal

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 6B

LENGTH: 623 words


Guestmob, a new hotel booking site with a twist, seeks  mobs of deal-seeking
guests, but much of the crowd may find better bargains elsewhere.

The San Mateo, Calif., company, which launched  in March and covers 20 U.S.
cities, says it cuts through the clutter and displays curated "collections" of
four to eight hotels in a neighborhood, and guarantees a  discounted rate of up
to 50% off hotels' regular rates published on the Web.

Unlike Priceline's Name Your Own Price feature, there's no bidding  with
Guestmob. You know upfront you'll get a room in one of the hotels in its
collection.

Guestmob says its algorithms calculate a discounted rate that at least one of
the hotels should accept, and it guarantees the rate and a room even if it loses
money on the booking.

Cancellation policy

Guestmob charges your credit card at the time of booking. But in another
difference from sites such as Priceline and Hotwire, Guestmob offers the
advantage of canceling  your booking without penalty up to 72 hours before the
stay.

Here's an example of how Guestmob works:

If you're looking to stay in Denver on May 14, you enter the city and date.
Guestmob displays a collection of 3.5-star hotels in downtown Denver and a
collection of 3.5-star hotels in the Centennial-Tech Center neighborhood.

If you opt for a downtown hotel, Guestmob guarantees its "Magic Price" of a
$191-a-night base rate at one of the following properties: Marriott City Center,
Embassy Suites Downtown Convention Center, The Curtis hotel or Magnolia Hotel
Denver. Guestmob says the published rate for these properties "anywhere else"
averages  $239 a night. That means  20%  off the base rate if you book with
Guestmob.

Guestmob e-mails a booking receipt immediately, and you  receive the hotel
assignment the Thursday before your stay. If you book close to your reservation
date, you get the hotel name the same day.

You don't get a guaranteed type of room, although you can request one using
Guestmob's  online chat feature.

There are a few cautions:

Using the Denver example,  you could  book a reservation for that night at The
Curtis hotel, one of the hotels in the Guestmob collection, for a lower
published rate, $186, than the $191 Guestmob "discounted" rate, on Hotels.com or
Travelocity.

And if you searched Travelocity for 3.5-star hotels in downtown Denver, you'd
find a  published room rate of $159 at The Burnsley  All Suite Hotel, though
it's  not part of the Guestmob collection.

Published rates lower than Guestmob's  special rates  were found in several
other searches of  household-name online travel agency sites.

Room to improve

You could have reserved a 3.5-star hotel in downtown Denver for May 14 on
Hotwire for $84,  $107 less for the night than  Guestmob.

Hotwire, however, doesn't identify the hotels before you book.

Because Guestmob launched  only  five weeks ago nationally,  there's plenty of
time for improvement.  That said, the hotel choices  can be very limited.

And there's another shortcoming: Although Guestmob may present four to eight
hotels in a collection, Yann Ngongang, Guestmob's CEO, concedes that only one or
two of these properties may be participating in the behind-the-scenes auction
during any given week.

So the presentation of the four to eight hotels as possibly accepting your
booking looks  a bit like marketing puffery.

On the positive side, Guestmob's website has an attractive look and feel.  And
for people seeking a hassle-free discount on  published rates,  Guestmob is  an
alternative to  bidding sites such as Priceline's Name Your Own Price or
Travelocity's Top Secret Hotels.

But if a steep discount on a room is your ultimate goal and you don't mind
spending time looking for one, then you may be able to do better elsewhere.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              570 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                           October 18, 2008 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Discounts around the world

BYLINE: Herald News Services

SECTION: TRAVEL; Travel Talk; Pg. F3

LENGTH: 237  words


DEALS - Buy a Eurail pass now for travel in spring, and get extra travel days.
Buy a 15-day Eurail Global Pass, which applies to travel in 21 countries, and
receive a pass good for 21 days. Or buy a 21-day Global Pass, and get a month's
worth of rail travel. The deal also applies to Eurail Select Pass, which allows
travel within three adjoining countries; buy a six- or eight-day pass (good for
travel within a two-month period), and receive two extra days. Purchase a pass
by Nov. 30, and travel March 1 through May 31; travel must start within six
months of pass purchase. Prices vary by product and by the number of travelers.
Info: eurail.com.

- An Antarctica expedition with Quark Expeditions has been discounted by 50 per
cent. The voyage, aboard the Clipper Adventurer, now starts at $3,540 per person
double. The trip begins Nov. 30 with an overnight at a hotel in Ushuaia,
Argentina. The 10-night cruise embarks Dec. 1, travelling round trip from
Ushuaia through the Drake Passage to Antarctica. Info: 800-356-5699,
www.quarkexpeditions.com.

- Costa Cruises has discounted a seven-night cruise between Fort Lauderdale,
Fla., and Roatan, Honduras, by $600 per person. Cruise on the 2,716-passenger
Costa Fortuna departing Jan. 4 now starts at $499 per person double plus $137
fuel surcharges and port taxes. Cruise also stops in Key West, Fla.; Cozumel,
Mexico; and Grand Cayman. Info: 877-882-6782, costacruises.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Herald Archive; A cruise on Quark Expeditions leaves from Ushuaia,
Argentina. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News; Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2008 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              571 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Taos News (New Mexico)

                            August 2, 2007 Thursday

TAOS BARK: SPAY AND NEUTER: WHAT'S NOT TO GET?

BYLINE: TRISH HERNANDEZ

SECTION: VECINOS/PEOPLE; Pg. C-6

LENGTH: 483 words


This year Gov. Bill Richardson released money targeted for spay and neuter
programs within the state New Mexico. The amount was between $400,000 and
$450,000 to be distributed to the different regions of our state.

Pennie Wardlow, Four Corners Animal League and Vee Adams, New Mexico Canine
Rescue headed the project for Taos and the surrounding areas.

The van has been here three times serving Peñasco, Questa and Taos offering
discounted or free services. A dedicated team of local volunteers cheerfully
work long hours assisting the public and comforting the dogs and cats.

More than 230 animals have been spayed and neutered since the van's first visit.
On a national average three to four million dogs and cats are euthanized a year
in shelters. The van is a success and slots fill up quickly. Wardlow offers
discounted spay and neuter for those who didn't get an appointment. Call (505)
751-0151 or (505) 741-1444 for more information.

Dr. Bill Pearce, a veterinarian from El Paso, Texas was recruited to provide
spay and neuter services. He is a delightful man who not only performed
excellent surgery on the animals, but provided all of us much comic relief with
his Texas wit and sardonic view of life.

Pearce is retired and volunteers his veterinary services to non-profit
organizations such as the Association of Veterinarians for Animal Rights and Pet
Guardian Angels, a Texas animal welfare and educational organization. Passionate
in his beliefs on low-cost spay and neuter services, he advocates that every
community should offer them on a regular basis. Yea, I like this guy.

These figures show that we are on the right track with spay and neuter for our
animals. People in our community are "getting" it. Now, if only our city and
county "fathers" would "get" it.

I have been to several town council and county commission meetings in the last
few years basically to join with others in the support of more funding for our
animal shelters and to protest decisions made regarding euthanasia. In the past
county commissioners favored euthanasia after seven days. Euthanasia of social,
adoptable dogs saves the county money and enables them to move more animals
through the shelter.

I can only hope that the examples being made by our attorney general, our
governor and Albuquerque mayor Martin Chá vez sets a positive example for
statewide change.

Euthanasia is not going to solve anything. It is a Band-Aid -- quick fix --
solves absolutely nothing. If 1,000 dogs are "put down" this year, 1,500 will be
put down next year (numbers are arbitrary). Spay and neuter is the only way to
keep those numbers down.

Our community desperately needs a mandatory spay and neuter law. Already
organizations like Four Corners Animal League have made a profound difference in
the rate of animal births in our county.

Hello, Hello! What is it going to take? What is not to "Get"?

Thank You.

* thetaosbark@yahoo.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2007 The Taos News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              572 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Nanaimo Daily News (British Columbia)

                           November 12, 2009 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Orlando offers Canadians great deals

BYLINE: Canwest News Service

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 276  words


The Orlando Convention & Visitors Bureau is hoping to entice you to visit with
its new Made for Canadians (1-800-551-2006, www.VisitOrlando.com/Canada)
promotion valid through Apr. 30.

This is the first time the Orlando CVB has had a specific savings program just
for us. There are over 70 offers that range from discounted or free
accommodation to deals on attractions or eateries. For example, when you book a
three day golf school at the Faldo Golf Institute by Marriott, you receive free
lodging in a one bedroom villa at Marriott's Grande Vista Resort for three
nights. The Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando/South Lake Buena Vista is offering a
discounted rate of $55 US per night and the Pirate's Dinner Adventure is giving
$20 US off per adult. Be prepared to show Canadian ID and blackout dates may
apply.

While in Florida, roller coaster fans may want to visit SeaWorld Orlando's
(www.seaworld.com) new Manta ride that claims to give you the sensation of being
a giant ray. And Universal Studios Florida (www.universalorlando.com) new
Hollywood Rip, Ride, Rockit coaster lets you select the music you'd like to
shriek to as you coast around.

If you can, make the trip (about an hour's drive) to one of our favourite
places: Daytona Beach (www.daytonabeachcvb.org, click on Canadian Sand Dollars
for accommodation discounts). It was the novelty of driving on the seemingly
endless beach and the relatively cheap off-season prices that first attracted
us, but we have since found other attractions to draw us back.

Daytona boasts a gargantuan flea market (www.daytonafleamarket.com) and the
beach is a terrific spot for viewing night launches at Cape Canaveral.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Nanaimo Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              573 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                            January 8, 2009 Thursday

WSI bills getting first look

BYLINE: BRIAN DUGGAN Bismarck Tribune

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 437 words


Lawmakers debated three bills on Wednesday that aim to bar political influence
from Workforce Safety and Insurance and would increase the agency's surplus
limit.

The House Industry, Business and Labor Committee heard testimony on the
measures, which have the support of WSI and business leaders, while critics said
the legislation is redundant and could have negative, unintended consequences.

One measure would increase the maximum level of WSI's available surplus from 140
percent to 150 percent of the agency's discounted reserves.

While WSI's surplus surpassed the 140 percent limit last summer, the agency's
reserves have since fallen amid a slumping market, and as of Oct. 31 now stand
at 130 percent, WSI officials said.

The proposed legislation would exclude about $44 million in government grants,
dropping WSI's estimated surplus level to 124 percent, or $178 million, of WSI's
discounted reserve of $745 million.

"I think today, frankly, with the markets, we could have left it at 140
percent," said Rep. Rick Berg, R-Fargo, who chaired the interim Industry,
Business and Labor Committee that recommended the legislation.

Lawmakers also debated whether WSI's properties, worth about $10.7 million,
should be counted among its assets. WSI Director of Finance Cindy Ternes said
the agency is requesting an amendment to exclude the property, which would drop
the surplus level to 123 percent.

"If it's out, it's more like a government agency," said Rep. George Keiser,
R-Bismarck, chairman of the House Industry, Business and Labor Committee. "If
it's in, it's more like a business."

The committee also heard testimony on a bill that would require WSI to base its
rate increases on the recommendation of a third-party analysis.

"Passage of this bill will eliminate political influence in rate setting," Berg
said, alluding to the high premiums businesses paid to WSI in the 1990s to
counter the agency's deficit that grew while under the purview of the governor's
office during the 1980s.

The final bill would direct the biennial, independent audit of WSI to look for
political influence in the agency's claims process, as well as the effectiveness
of the body's governing structure.

North Dakota AFL-CIO Chairman David Kemnitz called the legislation unneeded.

"We have not seen any problems with the auditors doing an independent audit," he
said, adding that the term "political influence" as noted in the bill is not
well-defined.

"If this is decided too soon, it might be more than what you wanted," he said.

The bills are HB1035, HB1036 and HB1037.

(Reach reporter Brian Duggan at 223-8482 or brian.duggan@bismarcktribune.com.)

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2009 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              574 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             June 23, 2011 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

steals & deals

BYLINE: JOHN EWOLDT; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: VARIETY; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 456 words


Guthrie tickets for $5

The Guthrie Theater will mark the fifth anniversary of its new building by
discounting tickets to "God of Carnage" and "H.M.S. Pinafore." The three offers
include a buy-one-at-regular-price and get the second ticket for $5, $5 rush
tickets and $5 backstage tours. The discounts are available only Friday through
Sunday. The $5 rush tickets will go on sale one hour before the performance, in
addition to the regular rush line for performances June 24-26 (limit two, cash
and checks only). The 45-minute backstage tour is for 10 a.m. June 24-26. To
purchase tickets for the tour or the BOGO, call 612-377-2224 or go to the box
office and ask for the anniversary special. The BOGO can be used for
performances on June 30, July 1, 6 , 8 and 9.

Furniture, housewares discounted 70 percent

Fans of Opitz Outlet might not have discovered its housewares version, the Opitz
Lab, aka Paris Flea Market. Instead of designer clothing, it's filled with
unique furniture, lamps, art, chandeliers and home decor. Rugs and mirrors are a
strong suit. Still a bit of a sleeper sale, only customers on the e-mail list
are notified of the occasional sales. Items are slightly flawed or damaged, but
discounted 70 to 90 percent. The Lab, which sells non-clothing items for
occasional sales, will be open from noon to 4 p.m. Saturday and Sunday and 4 to
7 p.m. Monday. Staff cannot help move or load any items. The market is now in
its new location at 4838 W. 35th St., St. Louis Park, 952-922-2435.

Extra discount at Uber Outlet for one week

Uber Baby at the West End in St. Louis Park closed this month. About 8,000
pieces have been moved to Uber Outlet (6015 Lyndale Av. S., Mpls., 612-869-0930,
www.myuberoutlet.com). Kids' shoes and clothing from newborn to size 10 are
discounted 50 to 80 percent. Now through June 30, ask for the "summer special"
and get an additional 20 percent off. Sample savings include dresses for $14
after the extra discount, regularly $35, denim overalls and shirt for $14 and
rompers for $10. Open Thursdays through Saturdays.

Shop, stroll and save at 50th and Xerxes

I wish more retail neighborhoods would get together for a collective sale such
as 50th Street and Xerxes Avenue S. in Minneapolis. All of the participating
stores are discounting everything 20 percent from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and
noon to 5 p.m. Sunday during Shop Stroll. Retailers include Nash Frame,
Vinaigrette cooking oils shop, Mail Boxes Etc., City Chic antiques, Loft
Antiques, hunt gather antiques, Gallery 360 art and gifts, and Vintage Studio
retro clothing and accessories. For details, call 612-922-4200.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or jewoldt@startribune.com If you spot a deal, share
it at www.startribune.com/dealspotter.

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              575 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            November 20, 2009 Friday
                                 Final Edition

Special offers for Canadians

BYLINE: Rick Cropp and Barbara Braidwood, For Canwest News Service

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. B8

LENGTH: 379  words


The Orlando Convention & Visitors Bureau is hoping to entice you to visit with
its new Made for Canadians (1-800-551-2006, www.VisitOrlando.com/Canada)
promotion valid through April 30.

This is the first time the Orlando CVB has had a specific savings program just
for us. There are over 70 offers that range from discounted or free
accommodation to deals on attractions or eateries. For example, when you book a
three-day golf school at the Faldo Golf Institute by Marriott, you receive free
lodging in a one-bedroom villa at Marriott's Grande Vista Resort for three
nights. The Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando/South Lake Buena Vista is offering a
discounted rate of $55 US per night and the Pirate's Dinner Adventure is giving
$20 US off per adult. Be prepared to show Canadian ID and blackout dates may
apply.

While in Florida, roller coaster fans may want to visit SeaWorld Orlando's
(www.seaworld.com) new Manta ride that claims to give you the sensation of being
a giant ray. And Universal Studios Florida (www.universalorlando.com) new
Hollywood Rip, Ride, Rockit coaster lets you select the music you'd like to
shriek to as you coast around.

If you can, make the trip (about an hour's drive) to one of our favourite
places: Daytona Beach (www.daytonabeachcvb.org, click on Canadian Sand Dollars
for accommodation discounts). It was the novelty of driving on the seemingly
endless beach and the relatively cheap off-season prices that first attracted
us, but we have since found other attractions to draw us back.

Daytona boasts a huge flea market (www.daytonafleamarket.com) and the beach is a
terrific spot for viewing night launches at Cape Canaveral.

North of the strip is where you can catch a glimpse of old Florida. The hotels
have been kept to a maximum of a few storeys and are mostly located on the
non-water side of the two-lane highway. The beach is miles of untrammelled wide
sand where you can fish without snagging a swimmer or sunbather.

Best of all are a series of historic attractions hidden down some of the roads
off the beach (www.ormondscenicloopandtrail.com). We love the Tomoka State Park
(www.floridastateparks.org/tomoka), where we once happened upon a couple Norman
Rockwell-type boys fishing blue crabs out of the meandering creek.

Vancouver Province

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2009 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              576 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              June 12, 2016 Sunday

Video: Oklahoma City Museum of Art tries timed tickets for 'Matisse in His Time'
exhibit

BYLINE: Brandy McDonnell

SECTION:

LENGTH: 537 words


[img width="" height="" style="" render="w620"]4296907[/img]A version of this
story, written with Staff Writer Randy Ellis, appears in Sunday's The Oklahoman.
For more information on "Matisse in His Time," go to NewsOK.com or pick up
Sunday's The Oklahoman.Oklahoma City museum tries timed tickets for 'Matisse in
His Time'The exhibit "Matisse in His Time: Masterworks of Modernism from Centre
Pompidou, Paris" is drawing international attention to the Oklahoma City Museum
of Art, which will be exhibiting works by Henri Matisse and other renowned
artists Saturday&nbsp;through Sept. 18.Tickets are in high demand, so the museum
staff has instituted new ticketing procedures to accommodate the anticipated
large crowds. Visitors&nbsp;will be required to purchase a ticket with a
specific 15-minute window for the arrival time."We do expect that this will be a
much more popular exhibition, much greater attendance than average for one of
our exhibitions.

So, we want to ensure â?¦ that we don't have too many people in the
gallery,"&nbsp;said Michael Anderson, the museum's&nbsp;director of curatorial
affairs.&nbsp;"We also want to make sure that people can see the works and spend
time in front of them and really get the best experience."Adult tickets are $12
and can be purchased online at www.okcmoa.com/matisse, in person at the Oklahoma
City Museum of Art or by calling the museum at 236-3100. Tickets will admit
visitors to the entire museum, in addition to the Matisse exhibit.Becky Weintz,
marketing and communications director, said&nbsp;about 2,500 advanced tickets
have already been sold, significantly more than usual."The first time slot for
(June)&nbsp;18th is already sold out," she&nbsp;said. "So, we're expecting a
pretty big crowd on the 18th. But we've sold tickets all through the whole
summer, and we've sold them all over the country: Texas, Kansas, Hawaii."Weintz
said visitors can buy tickets when they arrive at the museum, but they may have
to wait to enter the Matisse exhibit. They can tour other exhibitions, including
"Our City, Our Collection: Building the Museum's Lasting Legacy" on the first
floor and "Dale Chihuly: Magic &amp; Light" on the third floor, and then proceed
to the second-floor landing when their time comes to enter "Matisse in His
Time."&nbsp;She recommended visitors arrive&nbsp;about&nbsp;15 minutes before
their Matisse ticket time&nbsp;to ensure they can&nbsp;find
parking&nbsp;and&nbsp;maneuver through downtown street construction.Discounted
tickets are available for active military members, seniors, students and
children. Discounted student and military tickets must be purchased in person,
rather than online, and valid identification is required.Museum
members&nbsp;receive free admission to the exhibit, but still are encouraged to
reserve tickets in advance. Group tours are available at a discounted ticket
price for groups of 15 or more. Reservations must be made in advance at
278-8213.ON VIEW"Matisse in His Time: Masterworks of Modernism from the Centre
Pompidou, Paris"When: Saturday through Sept. 18.Members' preview day: 10 a.m. to
10 p.m. Friday.Where: Oklahoma City Museum of Art, 415 Couch Drive.Information:
236-3100 or&nbsp;www.okcmoa.com.

-BAM

LOAD-DATE: June 14, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              577 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 14, 2002 Sunday Early Five Star Edition

NATION BRIEFS

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: NEWS ; Nation Briefs Column; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 642 words


LOMIRA, Wis.

Deadly fire is contained at 10-story printing plant

A deadly blaze that broke out when part of a 10-story printing plant collapsed
was contained Saturday, officials said.

Keith Freiberg, 22, an employee of Aero Building Maintenance, was trapped in a
vehicle next to the plant and died in the fire Friday night, said Brownsville
Fire Company spokesman Bill Carter.

Quad/Graphics said only two forklift operators were in the newly completed
addition to the plant, although some 330 people were working in other areas when
the building burned. No Quad/Graphics employees were injured in the blaze,
Carter said.

Some of the plant's 1,800 workers were back to work Saturday, he said. The giant
plant prints Newsweek, Playboy and U.S. News & World Report. It was starting
work on holiday catalogs.

FORT WORTH, Texas

4 airlines drop discounts of 10 pct. for elderly

Four major airlines have dropped their 10 percent ticket discounts for senior
citizens.

American Airlines, Delta Air Lines and Northwest Airlines all dropped the senior
discounts on Friday, following a similar move by US Airways two weeks ago.

Northwest also halted the sale of discounted flight coupon books for seniors,
saying it no longer wanted to allow the discounts on top of already heavily
discounted fares.

The coupon books were no longer a value compared with discounted tickets, and
the paperwork involved was too costly, said spokesman Kurt Ebenhoch.

Northwest will offer a new special fare for people 65 and older, but it might
not always be the lowest fare available, Ebenhoch said.

Delta also introduced a new senior fare, requiring a two-week advance purchase
and a Saturday night stay, spokeswoman Wanda Rodwell said Saturday.

US Airways still offers a discount to seniors if they buy multiple tickets in a
booklet, spokesman David Castelveter said Saturday.

American became the fourth major airline to drop the discount late Friday.
Spokesman Dale Morris said American was matching the other airlines.

ST. CLOUD, Minn.

Independence Party taps gubernatorial candidate

The Independence Party voted Saturday to endorse Tim Penny, a former
congressman, to succeed Gov. Jesse Ventura. The governor recently announced he
would not seek a second term.

Penny left the Democratic party last month to join the Independence Party and
make a run at the office. He immediately became locked in a tight race with
Democrat Roger Moe, a longtime state senator, and Republican Tim Pawlenty, the
House majority leader.

The primary is Sept. 10, and the general election is Nov. 5.

HURON, Ohio

Bodies of 3 who tried rescue are recovered

The bodies of three of four swimmers who disappeared in Lake Erie while trying
to rescue a woman were recovered Saturday.

The bodies had not been identified, officials said. Firefighters continued
searching for the last missing man, Fire Chief John Zimmerman said.

The four disappeared amid 5-foot waves Wednesday while trying to reach a friend
who had been swept out by a current near Huron, 50 miles west of Cleveland.

Firefighters eventually rescued the woman, Amy Renee Anderson, 22, but her
fiance, Steve Cupec, 27, and friends Jehrod Smith, 19, Kyle Kroetz, 29, and
Matthew Smith, 21, couldn't be found.

LAS VEGAS

Trauma center reopens after malpractice dispute

The trauma center at the University Medical Center in Las Vegas reopened
Saturday morning, 10 days after it shut down because of soaring malpractice
insurance rates.

The county-run trauma center closed July 3 after all but one of the medical
center's 58 orthopedic doctors resigned because they said they couldn't afford
rising malpractice insurance premiums.

Private doctors will work at the hospital for 45 days, while Gov. Kenny Guinn
calls a special legislative session to consider a law to limit jury awards in
malpractice suits.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              578 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   Philly.com

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 26, 2016 Monday

Olympian Joyner-Kersee pitches Internet Essentials for Comcast, tours Philly

BYLINE: Bob Fernandez, Philly.com

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 360 words


Sept. 26--Jackie Joyner-Kersee, one of the top American female athletes of the
late 1980s and 1990s, is touring Philadelphia on Monday as the new national
spokeswoman for Comcast Corp.'s discounted internet service for low-income
families.

"My message is leveling the playing field," Joyner-Kersee said, referring to the
low internet-adoption rates among low-income families during an interview at the
Comcast Center. She said Comcast called "to see if I had an interest" in
speaking for Internet Essentials, which offers discounted high-speed broadband
for $10 a month. "I did because it was something in my wheelhouse, and something
I can be passionate about."

Joyner-Kersee, 52, was raised in East St. Louis, Ill., one of the nation's
poorest cities, and runs the nonprofit Jackie Joyner-Kersee Center there for
young people.

In late 2011, Comcast launched Internet Essentials as a political sweetener for
government approval of its $30 billion acquisition of NBCUniversal. The program
got off to a slow start, particularly in Philadelphia, because of turmoil in the
city's school district in 2012 and 2013.

The company now says 33,000 families have enrolled in Internet Essentials since
its inception in the Philadelphia region. Nationwide, the number is 750,000
families. Philadelphia has one of the lowest internet-adoption rates among poor
families among major U.S. cities.

Along with speaking with Comcast employees at the cable giant's headquarters,
Joyner-Kersee was scheduled to make appearances on behalf of Comcast Monday at
an Olney elementary school and at the Columbia North YMCA in North Philadelphia.

Joyner-Kersee won heptathlon or long jump medals in the 1984, 1988, 1992 and
1996 Olympics. Comcast's prior Internet Essentials pitchman was former NFL coach
and TV analyst Tony Dungy.

Internet Essentials was originally restricted to low-income families with
school-age children, which is still its core market. But Comcast has expanded
eligibility to include individuals living in public housing and the low-income
elderly in parts of the nation.

___ (c)2016 Philly.com Visit Philly.com at www.philly.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160926-PHI-Olympian-Joyner-Kersee-pitches-Internet-Essentials-for-Comcast-tour
s-Philly-0926-20160926

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PHI


                                 Copyright 2016


                              579 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             July 8, 2015 Wednesday

Berkeley City Council to tackle packed agenda before summer break

BYLINE: By Tom Lochner tlochner@bayareanewsgroup.com

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 583 words


BERKELEY -- The City Council faces a packed agenda on July 14, its last meeting
before a two-month summer break.

The evening will begin with a 6 p.m. special meeting to receive a long-awaited
affordable housing nexus study that is supposed to help the council set the
mitigation fee developers must pay to opt out of making 10 percent of rental
units in residential projects affordable to very low-income households.

A 2010 nexus study by the same consultant, Bay Area Economics, recommended a
maximum fee of $34,000 per residential unit of a new development. The council
ended up adopting a $28,000-per-unit fee in 2012, and discounted it the
following year to $20,000 for projects already in the development process. The
council extended the discounted fee twice, the last time in April 2015.

Since the original study, the average rent of a two-bedroom apartment in
Berkeley has increased by 23 percent, from $1,765 a month in 2010 to $2,171 in
2015, according to a city staff report. The mitigation fee is supposed to ease
the consequence of new development leading to additional workers and their
households seeking affordable housing in the city.

According to the newest nexus study, an impact fee of $34,000 per unit would
provide a developer a 13.9 percent return on cost, with 10 percent to 12 percent
widely considered as a threshold of project feasibility.

The special session will be followed by the 7 p.m. regular meeting, which will
begin with a public hearing on a package of proposed safety-related amendments
to the city building code in response to a June 16 balcony collapse at the
Library Gardens apartment complex on Kittredge Street that killed six people and
injured seven more.

Other items on the regular meeting agenda include:

Proposals by Councilman Jesse Arreguin to mandate steel reinforcement of new
balconies and posting of signs specifying maximum weight capacity

Appointment of an interim city manager to step in for City Manager Christine
Daniel

A proposal to convert several Southside streets, including Bancroft Way and
Durant Avenue, to two-way traffic, and a related proposal by Councilman Kriss
Worthington to expedite the conversion of parts of Dana and Ellsworth streets to
two-way traffic

Grant applications to the Alameda Countywide Transportation Commission for a
variety of projects including the Gilman interchange, Gilman grade separation,
several bicycle and pedestrian plans, and street and corridor improvements on
Telegraph Avenue and the Southside

A proposal for a three-step process to evaluate "significant community benefit"
packages for downtown buildings taller than 75 feet, including third-party
review of project pro forma

Possible appointment of a Density Bonus Joint Subcommittee of members of the
Housing Advisory Commission, Planning Commission and Zoning Adjustments Board.
The city is exploring a city density bonus as an option to the state-established
bonus of up to 35 percent of additional residential density for projects that
add to the supply of affordable housing

Development of a comprehensive plan to fund utility wire undergrounding on all
major and collector streets

Exploration of a point-to-point car sharing program

Proposals by Worthington for prompter disclosure of special meeting agendas to
the public, and for a requirement to track changes on late documents and utilize
technology to distribute the information to reduce confusion at City Council
meetings

Contact Tom Lochner at 510-262-2760. Follow him at Twitter.com/tomlochner .

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              580 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 19, 2015 Thursday

Washington: In Reply Refer To: Letter Order Pursuant to § 375.307(a)(7)(i) El
Paso Natural Gas Company, L.L.C. Docket No. RP15-395-000

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: Washington


US Federal Energy Regulatory Commission has published the following document:


FEDERAL ENERGY REGULATORY COMMISSION
WASHINGTON, D.C. 20426
OFFICE OF ENERGY MARKET REGULATION
In Reply Refer To:
Letter Order Pursuant to
 § 375.307(a)(7)(i)
El Paso Natural Gas Company, L.L.C.


Docket No. RP15-395-000
February 19, 2015 El Paso Natural Gas Company, L.L.C.
Post Office Box 1087
Colorado Springs, CO 80944
 Attention: Francisco Tarin, Director
Regulatory Affairs Reference: Non-Conforming Agreements
Ladies and Gentlemen:
On January 29, 2015, El Paso Natural Gas Company, L.L.C. (EPNG) filed revised
tariff records to reflect two non-conforming discounted rate service agreements
under Rate Schedule FT-2 with the City of Lordsburg, New Mexico (Lordsburg) and
E.M.W. Gas Association (EMW). The Lordsburg agreement and the EMW agreement will
supersede and cancel their currently effective transportation service agreements
(TSAs) in EPNG's tariff. EPNG states that both agreements contain certain
non-conforming provisions that deviate from its Form of Service Agreement
applicable to Rate Schedule FT-2 in its tariff. EPNG further states, the
non-conforming provisions reflected in the agreements do not affect the quality
of service received by any other EPNG shipper nor are such provisions unduly
discriminatory. EPNG requests the Commission accept the tariff records to become
effective March 1, 2015. The revised tariff records are accepted effective March
1, 2015, as proposed.
The currently effective Lordsburg agreement (Contract # 982N) will become
Contract # FX22B000 and the currently effective EMW agreement (Contract # 982K)
will become Contract # FX22A000. The TSAs will terminate ten years after the
effective date. Additionally, both shippers have agreed to pay a discounted rate
of $0.3489 per Docket No. RP15-395-000 - 2 -
Dekatherm per day for volumes up to 10,000 Dekatherms per day for the first year
ending December 31, 2015. Each January 1st, for the duration of the contract,
the discounted rate will increase as indicated in the TSAs. Additionally, the
new TSAs will resolve outstanding issues surrounding Article XI of EPNG's 1996
Settlement. Lordsburg and EMW have agreed that all rights and obligations
surrounding Article XI of the 1996 Settlement will no longer apply to them now
or in the future. Lordsburg and EMW will further withdraw any pending pleadings
relating to proceedings involving Article XI.
Public notice of the filing was issued on February 2, 2015. Interventions and
protests were due as provided in section 154.210 of the Commission's regulations
(18 C.F.R § 154.210 (2014)). Pursuant to Rule 214 (18 C.F.R. § 385.214 (2014)),
all timely filed motions to intervene and any unopposed motion to intervene
out-of-time filed before the issuance date of this order are granted. Granting
late intervention at this stage of the proceeding will not disrupt the
proceeding or place additional burdens on existing parties. No protests or
adverse comments were filed.
This acceptance for filing shall not be construed as a waiver of the
requirements of section 7 of the Natural Gas Act, as amended; nor shall it be
construed as constituting approval of the referenced filing or of any rate,
charge, classification, or any rule, regulation, or practice affecting such rate
or service contained in your tariff; nor shall such acceptance be deemed as
recognition of any claimed contractual right or obligation associated therewith;
and such acceptance is without prejudice to any findings or orders which have
been or may hereafter be made by the Commission in any proceeding now pending or
hereafter instituted by or against your company.
This order constitutes final agency action. Requests for rehearing by the
Commission may be filed within 30 days of the date of issuance of this order,
pursuant to 18 C.F.R. § 385.713 (2014).
Sincerely,
Nils Nichols, Director
Division of Pipeline Regulation
 Docket No. RP15-395-000 - 3 -
Appendix
El Paso Natural Gas Company, L.L.C.
FERC NGA Gas Tariff
EPNG Tariffs
Tariffs Records Effective March 1, 2015
Part I: Overview, Section 1 - Table of Contents, 32.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, , 27.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 71 - City of Lordsburg, NM Letter Agreement,
0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 72 - City of Lordsburg, NM #FX22B000, 0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 72.1 - City of Lordsburg, NM #FX22B000 Exhibit
A, 0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 72.2 - City of Lordsburg, NM #FX22B000 Exhibit
B,
0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 72.3 - City of Lordsburg, NM #FX22B000 Exhibit
C, 0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 73 - E.M.W. Gas Association Letter Agreement,
0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 74 - E.M.W. Gas Association #FX22A000, 0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 74.1 - E.M.W. Gas Association #FX22A000
Exhibit
A, 0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 74.2 - E.M.W. Gas Association #FX22A000
Exhibit
B, 0.0.0
Part VII: Non-Conforming, Section 74.3 - E.M.W. Gas Association #FX22A000
Exhibit C, 0.0.0
Document Content(s)
RP15-395-000.DOC......................................................1-3


In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              581 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Reading Eagle (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          September 14, 2011 Wednesday

Residents might get discount on electricity

BYLINE: Liam Migdail-Smith, Reading Eagle, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 328 words


Sept. 14--PPL electric customers that live in the Gov. Mifflin School District
will get the option to buy discounted electricity if the district renews its
energy contract.

The district buys power from Pittsburgh-based Direct Energy, which is delivered
through PPL's system. With that arrangement, district employees are eligible for
a "friends of Gov. Mifflin" discounted rate at home if they buy from Direct
Energy, Business Manager Mark R. Naylon told school board members Monday.

If the contract is renewed, that discount would be extended to district
residents as well, Naylon said. Residents would need to contact the company for
a quote, he added.

The board plans to vote next Monday on whether to renew the contract.

Naylon recommended that the board stick with Direct Energy because its rate is
expected to drop to 7 cents a kilowatt hour from 8 cents a kilowatt hour.

In other business:

Naylon suggested that the board "pay down" the rate it will pay for electricity
generated by the solar panels that are being installed on the roofs of three
district buildings.

The solar panels, which are expected to be operational by Sept. 30, were paid
for and installed by UGI Performance Solutions. The company will sell the power
generated back to the district at the discounted rate that's locked for 20
years.

The district's contract with UGI allows it to reduce the rate by one cent for
each $100,000 it pays up front, Naylon said. He suggested paying $200,000 to
lower the rate to 7 cents a kilowatt hour from 9 cents per kilowatt hour.

The savings from the lower rate would give the district a 6.5 percent return on
its investment, Naylon said, which dwarfs the 0.2 percent interest that money is
earning in the district's savings account.

"It would appear that this would be a valid investment," Naylon said.

- By Liam Migdail-Smith

___ (c)2011 the Reading Eagle (Reading, Pa.) Visit the Reading Eagle (Reading,
Pa.) at readingeagle.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110914-RE-Residents-might-get-discount-on-electricity-0914-20110914

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RE


                          Copyright 2011 Reading Eagle


                              582 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 19, 2004 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The week's best deals around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: Travel; P03

LENGTH: 722 words


*  On Via Rail Canada, companion tickets are free in economy class or discounted
by 75 percent in sleeper class if one traveler is at least 60. For example, the
three-night trip from Toronto to Vancouver with a double sleeper berth costs
$667 for a senior and $291 for a companion of any age, plus $64 in taxes. If
you're willing to rough it in sleeper-less economy, the trip costs $361 for two,
plus $25 in taxes. Deal expires Feb. 28. Info: 888-VIA-RAIL, www.viarail.ca.

*  The Beacon Hill Hotel, a boutique property in downtown Boston, is offering a
"Romance Escape" package this winter. For $570, a couple gets two nights'
lodging in a queen room, a bottle of champagne, ice skating passes to Frog Pond,
full breakfasts and a three-course dinner for two. Room alone typically costs
$570 for two nights. Taxes are 12.45 percent more. Deal is good Jan. 1-March 31.
Info: 888-959-2442, www.beaconhillhotel.com.

*  Stay at The Breakers Palm Beach for three nights or longer and get resort
credits ranging from $200 to $600, depending on length of stay. The credits can
be used for treatments at the resort's spa or salon, restaurants, bars, golf,
retail merchandise, children's activity programs, etc. Rooms start at $399 per
night, plus 10 percent tax. Deal is good Jan. 4-April 30. Info: 888-BREAKERS,
www.thebreakers.com.

*  A seven-night cruise on China's Yangtze River has been discounted to $499 per
person double for select sailings in February and March. Victoria Cruises
(800-348-8084, www.victoriacruises.com) is offering the deal on its "Three
Gorges Explorer" cruise round trip from Chongqing, including shore excursions;
cruise usually starts at $975.

*  Interested in cruising to Libya, Tunisia and Morocco? Oceania Cruises is
offering free airfare and two-for-one pricing on its 12-night cruise aboard the
Regatta, leaving Barcelona Nov. 5. Cost after discounts starts at $1,999 per
person double. Airfare is worth $585 per person; brochure rate for cruise is
$3,998. Info: 800-531-5658, www.oceaniacruises.com.

*  Sail out of Norfolk on Holland America's Maasdam Jan. 6 starting at $637 per
person double, a savings of more than 60 percent from the brochure rate. The
10-night cruise stops in the Bahamas, U.S. Virgin Islands, Antigua, St. Maarten
and Puerto Rico. Taxes and port charges are an additional $236. Info:
877-SAIL-HAL, www.hollandamerica.com.

*  Hawaiian Airlines has a round-trip sale fare of $244 plus $33 taxes between
Los Angeles and Honolulu for travel Monday-Thursday Jan. 8-Feb. 10. Combine that
with the round-trip fare of about $210 being offered by several airlines between
D.C. and Los Angeles, and you can fly to Hawaii for less than $500 round trip.
The fare is $651 round trip when booked Washington to Honolulu. Buy at
www.hawaiianair.com no later than Dec. 31.

*  Spirit Airlines, which starts service between Reagan National and Nassau in
the Bahamas on Jan. 10, has ongoing fares of $99 each way. The fare is $269
round trip with taxes; other airlines are charging at least $330. Info:
800-772-7117, www.spiritair.com.

*  Take in an opera at the newly reopened La Fenice Theater in Venice with a
promotional package from TourCrafters. The three-night trip is $559 per person
double and includes round-trip air from Washington, lodging at a three-star
hotel, breakfasts and an opera ticket worth about $100. Air taxes are $145.
Priced separately, air is about $490 and the Hotel Olimpia, the least expensive
of the three hotels offered, is about $175 a night. Book by the end of December;
travel Jan. 3-March 15. Info: 800-482-5995, www.tourcrafters.com.

*  Spend a weekend in Helsinki this winter with a deal from Continental
Journeys. The $559 per person double package includes round-trip air from
Washington, lodging for three nights at the Sokos Hotel Helsinki and breakfasts.
Deal is good through March 24; holiday blackouts apply. Taxes are about $110
extra. Priced separately, airfare alone in March, for example, would cost about
$650. Info: 800-601-4343, www.continentaljourneys.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              583 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Colorado Springs Business Journal (Colorado Springs, CO)

                            July 27, 2011 Wednesday

American Furniture in Colorado not afraid of Ikea

BYLINE: Amanda Miller

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 252  words


While hundreds of people from around the state flooded into the new Ikea store
in south Denver today, one major furniture retailer said he wasn't afraid of
losing market share.

Ikea, an international trendy furniture giant known for selling discounted
ready-to-assemble house wares, opened its first store in Colorado today.

Jake Jabs, who owns American Furniture Warehouse, a Colorado chain of discount
furniture stores, said the Ikea superstore and all of the hubbub around its
opening hasn't stirred him up enough to even sponsor a competitive sale.

Jabs said they bought a couple extra newspaper ads in the Denver Post and some
discounted TV commercial time on Denver stations, but that his company isn't
doing anything different in Colorado Springs.

"Frankly, I don't worry much about Ikea," Jabs said. "We have a 78 percent
market share in Colorado. "

There are 11 American Furniture Warehouse stores in the state and a 12th is
going through pre-construction permitting on the east side of Colorado Springs.
It will be the city's second store.

The new Ikea store boasts a high-profile 415,000-square-foot footprint with
frontage on I-25 near the Park Meadows Shopping Center. But Jabs said he has
several stores in the state that are larger. Overall, he says he has more than 1
million square feet of showroom and warehouse in all of his locations.

He said he's not even sure Ikea is up on the times enough to draw in buyers.

"What's hot now is this new two-toned stuff," he said. "And they don't have any
of that. "

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: General news

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              584 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Evening Sun (Hanover, Pennsylvania)

                           December 14, 2006 Thursday

Adams to offer discount prescription drug card

BYLINE: By CAITLIN HEANEY Evening Sun Reporter

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 334 words


Affording prescription drugs is about to become easier for Adams County
residents.

County commissioners agreed Wednesday to take part in a prescription drug card
program with the National Association of Counties to offer discounted
prescription drugs for Adams County residents.

Under the program, residents need only show their cards to participating
pharmacies to receive a discount between 15 and 35 percent. Any Adams County
resident can apply for a card, which covers all prescription medications not
covered by insurance. The program will also offer discounted pet medications,
although Commissioner Glenn Snyder knew no further details.

Neither Adams County nor cardholders will pay a fee to participate.

"It's just another tool that we can offer the folks in Adams County to help have
their drugs more affordable, especially for those who do not have insurance and
who are underinsured," Snyder said.

The national program has been in place for a few years, Snyder said, and more
than 57,000 pharmacies honor the cards. Although only Adams County residents
would have cards, Snyder said Adams residents who fill their prescriptions in
neighboring counties might still be able to receive the discount because of the
program's national coverage.

Snyder knew of three Pennsylvania counties that have already joined the program.
Erie County has used the cards for about two years, he said.

"I spoke with Erie and a county over around Philadelphia, and É they said the
program is a good program," Snyder said. "It helps those who do not have
insurance, who cannot afford insurance, but it is not an insurance card."

Pharmaceutical services company Caremark Rx Inc. operates the program by working
with pharmacies to decide on discounts. Pharmacies then pay a transaction fee to
Caremark.

Commissioner Lucy Lott said she expected the implementation of the program to
take a few months. The county will need to inform local pharmacies about the
cards, Snyder said.

Contact Caitlin Heaney at cheaney@eveningsun.com .

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              585 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             May 11, 2006 Thursday
                                  Main Edition

CITY BRIEFS;
Scholars banquet Saturday

BYLINE: ANGELA JORDAN

SECTION: CITY LIFE MIDTOWN; Pg. 7JN

LENGTH: 238 words


The Each One Reach One Community Impact Project, a tutoring and mentoring
program for elementary-age children who are struggling in school, will host its
first scholars banquet on Saturday. The banquet, which is planned as an annual
event, will be held at North Atlanta High School, 2875 Northside Drive, Atlanta,
at 4 p.m. in the lecture hall. Antonio Jennings, 404-502-9985.

Fulton gets deal on new fire engines

Fulton County commissioners decided May 3 to add to the Fire Department's fleet
of fire engines in a unanimous vote to purchase new engines at a discount. The
county will buy three engines from the KME Co., which offered Fulton the
opportunity to purchase the engines at a discounted cost because Los Angeles
County, Calif., is buying fire apparatus with similar specifications.

As a result, the Fulton County Fire Department will receive the engines at a
discounted cost of $300,000 per engine. The units normally sell for an estimated
$360,000 to $400,000. The county expects delivery within 60 days. Information:
Jolene Freeman or Felecia Church, 404-730-8332 or 404-730-5570.

BeSomeone Day offers chess, music

BeSomeone will celebrate its sixth annual "BeSomeone Day" from 1 to 4 p.m. May
20 at the Mall at Stonecrest, 2929 Turner Hill Road. The guest speaker, Stephen
Muhammad, will play chess with 100 people at the same time, and recording artist
Arthur Reed will perform songs from his newest CD.

Admission is free.

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Briefs

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2006 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              586 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             June 30, 2005 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOCAL GOLF

BYLINE: BILL CHASTAIN, Tribune correspondent

SECTION: NORTHEAST; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 797 words


By BILL CHASTAIN

Tribune correspondent

Web Site Offers Discounted Rates

A lot of people love to play golf, but nobody likes to pay full freight. What's
a golfer supposed to do?

Golf727.com has the answer for those in the Tampa Bay area looking for a way to
play a lot of golf without paying full-price for greens fees.

Currently, 14 local courses are signed up for the Golf727 program that allows
golfers to see the courses with openings offering greens fees at discounted
rates.

"What we do is we work with the golf courses in the area to help them move their
tee times over the Internet," said Jack Lima, director of sales and marketing
for Golf727. Lima is a PGA member with 16 years experience in the Tampa Bay
market. "Courses control how many tee times go out and at what price."

For example, The Claw at USF is one of the courses accessible through Golf727.
So The Claw will give Golf727 their tee times they want to sell for the week.
They are not required to reduce their rates to put them on Golf727, but chances
are if 3 p.m. on Tuesday is a stinker of a tee time, it might smell a little
better over the Internet if it's discounted.

"With our service, they literally can change pricing from day to day," Lima
said. "Maybe they'll take 25 percent off for a specific afternoon. It's no
different from when you sit at home and book your airline reservation. If you've
got some flexibility you can really benefit."

Local courses listed on Golf727 include Airco, Babe Zaharias, Clearwater Country
Club, Fox Hollow, Golf Course at Cypress Creek, Legacy, Rocky Point, Rogers
Park, Rolling Green, Tampa Bay Golf & Country Club, Tarpon Woods, The Claw at
USF, The Tides, and Westchase.

Variety makes this service nice, too.

Most golfers don't want to play the same course every time. Golf727 allows the
freedom to pick and choose the courses to play at the best price.

One of the best parts is this service is free.

Golf727 makes its money by getting trade times from the different courses
represented on its site. According to Lima, after doing a quality job for the
different courses, Golf727's reward will be trade times the courses give them.
These times in turn will be offered via e-mail to golfers who have signed up for
the service -- likely at a deeper discount.

"It's another chance to buy golf that might even be cheaper," Lima said. "All
[the golfer] has to do is go on to the Web site and create that free account.
Now they're in the system."

Courses do not pay to be involved -- they receive 100 percent of all golf fees
booked on Golf727 -- and golfers don't pay any extra.

Discounted rates are nice, but perhaps the best facet of Golf727 is not having
to call around -- or drive around -- to the different courses to find an
available time to play.

STATE MATCH PLAY: The Florida State Match Play Championship will take place at
University Park Country Club on Aug. 4-7. Entries close Wednesday.

The Match Play Championship will take a field of 96 players to make up five
flights. All players are guaranteed an 18-hole seeding round and at least one
round of match play. After the seeding round, the field will be broken into a
Championship flight of 32 players and four additional flights of 16 players. A
winner will be decided in each of the five flights.

All non-exempt competitors play an 18-hole stroke-play seeding round on Aug. 4
to determine their flights. Players earn exempt status by one of three
categories, 2004 Mid-Amateur Champion, 2005 State Amateur Champion or 2004 Match
Play Semifinalists. All five flights begin the match-play competition on Aug. 5
with the Championship flight also playing in the afternoon. All flights will
play two matches on Aug. 6 with the finals on the morning of Aug. 7.

Last year, David Roschman, of Jupiter, defeated Brett Burton, of Stuart, 6 and 5
at Indian River Club in Vero Beach. Roschman and Burton are exempt into this
year's Championship.

To enter go to www.fsga.org or call the FSGA office at (813) 632-3742.

STATE MID-SENIOR: The World Golf Village in St. Augustine will host the Florida
State Mid-Senior Championship on Aug. 12-14, with entries closing July 13.

To be eligible for the Mid-Senior Championship, players must be 40 or older. The
Championship consists of 54 holes of stroke play cut to the low 70 plus ties
after 36 holes. Players will compete on both the Slammer & Squire and King &
Bear courses.

Defending champion Rick Barger, of Merritt Island, won in a playoff shooting a
74-69-71--214 at PGA Golf Club in Port St. Lucie.

To register for the Florida State Mid-Senior Championship go to www.fsga.org.

If you have a local golf story or news, contact Bill Chastain at (813) 204-9474
or at william.chastain@verizon.net

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SPORTS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              587 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            June 29, 2005 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LOCAL GOLF

BYLINE: BILL CHASTAIN, Tribune correspondent

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 799 words


By BILL CHASTAIN

Tribune correspondent

Web Site Offers Discounted Rates For Area Courses

A lot of people love to play golf, but nobody likes to pay full freight. What's
a golfer supposed to do?

Golf727.com has the answer for those in the Tampa Bay area looking for a way to
play a lot of golf without paying full price for greens fees.

Currently, 14 local courses are signed up for the Golf727 program that allows
golfers to see the courses with openings offering greens fees at discounted
rates.

"What we do is we work with the golf courses in the area to help them move their
tee times over the Internet," said Jack Lima, director of sales and marketing
for Golf727. Lima is a PGA member with 16 years experience in the Tampa Bay
market. "Courses control how many tee times go out and at what price."

For example, The Claw at USF is one of the courses accessible through Golf727.
So The Claw will give Golf727 their tee times they want to sell for the week.
They are not required to reduce their rates to put them on Golf727, but chances
are if 3 p.m. on Tuesday is a stinker of a tee time, it might smell a little
better over the Internet if it's discounted.

"With our service, they literally can change pricing from day to day," Lima
said. "Maybe they'll take 25 percent off for a specific afternoon. It's no
different from when you sit at home and book your airline reservation. If you've
got some flexibility you can really benefit."

Local courses listed on Golf727 include Airco, Babe Zaharias, Clearwater Country
Club, Fox Hollow, Golf Course at Cypress Creek, Legacy, Rocky Point, Rogers
Park, Rolling Green, Tampa Bay Golf & Country Club, Tarpon Woods, The Claw at
USF, The Tides and Westchase.

Variety makes this service nice, too.

Most golfers don't want to play the same course every time. Golf727 allows the
freedom to pick and choose the courses to play at the best price.

One of the best parts is this service is free.

Golf727 makes its money by getting trade times from the different courses
represented on its site. According to Lima, after doing a quality job for the
different courses, Golf727's reward will be trade times the courses give them.
These times in turn will be offered via e-mail to golfers who have signed up for
the service -- likely at a deeper discount.

"It's another chance to buy golf that might even be cheaper," Lima said. "All
[the golfer] has to do is go on to the Web site and create that free account.
Now they're in the system."

Courses do not pay to be involved -- they receive 100 percent of all golf fees
booked on Golf727 -- and golfers don't pay any extra.

Discounted rates are nice, but perhaps the best facet of Golf727 is not having
to call around -- or drive around -- to the different courses to find an
available time to play.

STATE MATCH PLAY: The Florida State Match Play Championship will take place at
University Park Country Club on Aug. 4-7. Entries close next Wednesday.

The Match Play Championship will take a field of 96 players to make up five
flights. All players are guaranteed an 18-hole seeding round and at least one
round of match play. After the seeding round, the field will be broken into a
Championship flight of 32 players and four additional flights of 16 players. A
winner will be decided in each of the five flights.

All non-exempt competitors play an 18-hole stroke-play seeding round Aug. 4 to
determine their flights. Players earn exempt status by one of three categories:
2004 Mid-Amateur Champion, 2005 State Amateur Champion or 2004 Match Play
Semifinalist. All five flights begin the match-play competition Aug. 5, with the
Championship flight also playing in the afternoon. All flights will play two
matches Aug. 6, with the finals on the morning of Aug. 7.

Last year, David Roschman of Jupiter defeated Brett Burton of Stuart, 6 and 5,
at Indian River Club in Vero Beach. Roschman and Burton are exempt into this
year's Championship.

To enter, visit www.fsga.org or call the FSGA office at (813) 632-3742.

STATE MID-SENIOR: The World Golf Village in St. Augustine will host the Florida
State Mid-Senior Championship on Aug. 12-14, with entries closing July 13.

To be eligible for the Mid-Senior Championship, players must be 40 or older. The
Championship consists of 54 holes of stroke play cut to the low 70 plus ties
after 36 holes. Players will compete on both the Slammer & Squire and King &
Bear courses.

Defending champion Rick Barger of Merritt Island won in a playoff, shooting
74-69-71--214 at PGA Golf Club in Port St. Lucie.

To register for the Florida State Mid-Senior Championship, visit www.fsga.org.

If you have a local golf story or news, contact Bill Chastain at (813) 204-9474
or at william.chastain@verizon.net

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: July 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: SPORTS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              588 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  June 2, 1990, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

CONSUMER'S WORLD;
A Price War Forces Some Air Fares Down

BYLINE: By LEONARD SLOANE

SECTION: Section 1; Page 52, Column 1; Style Desk

LENGTH: 851 words


Travelers who plan to vacation in the United States this year - and already know
when and where they are going - can get a very good deal if they buy airline
tickets by next Thursday and are willing to put up with restrictions on their
flights.

That's because domestic airlines are in another big price war. Some fares are
being cut by more than half. The number of seats is limited, some dates are
blacked out and the fares are not refundable, but the savings are significant.

Tickets must be purchased by June 7 and at least seven days in advance of
departure, and the trip must be completed by Dec. 13. You must fly on Tuesday,
Wednesday or Thursday, both going and coming, and stay over on a Saturday night.
The fares are not good over the Thanksgiving holidays.

An Unusual Summer

''For the consumer who can take advantage of this, it's just wonderful,'' said
Raymond P. Kane, the president of Pisa Brothers Travel Service, a New York
travel agency.

Why is there a price war? Paul Turk, the publications director of Avmark Inc.,
an aviation consulting company in Arlington, Va., explained: ''Customarily,
airline fares go up in the heavy summer travel season, but this year capacity is
about to outstrip demand, as new airplanes are delivered and old ones are not
taken out of service. In order to put people in seats, you have to make the
seats attractive.''

Relatively few seats on each domestic flight are being sold at the discount
fares. That is because airlines are using yield-management techniques to try to
make the highest profit by periodically increasing or decreasing the inexpensive
seats on a given flight, based on demand.

A Few Here, a Few There

But even though each flight has a small number of discounted seats, they add up
over all. Robert B. Cozzi, senior vice president for marketing at Trans World
Airlines, said that when his airline began promoting the new prices late in May,
''we had over a million seats a month for sale.''

Samuel C. Buttrick, the airlines analyst at the securities firm of Kidder
Peabody & Company, said that ''the vast majority of deep-discount seats are
aimed at vacation travelers'' because such travelers ''have the flexibility in
their travel plans to meet the restrictions.''

Not every vacationer will find a discounted fare for the preferred destination
at the preferred time. But there are major economies for travelers with elastic
schedules. The new round-trip fares are $198 or less for flights up to 1,500
miles and $298 for longer flights. That is far less than the lowest
regular-price basic fares; on flights of less than 1,500 miles, for example, the
regular fare is $426 from Des Moines to San Diego, $364 from Dallas-Fort Worth
to Los Angeles and $322 from Chicago to Phoenix.

If the price war forces fares still lower, many airlines say they will give
further discounts to people who already have discounted tickets. ''It is really
an effort to get some advance traffic on the books,'' said Marilyn Hoppe, the
senior director for pricing and revenue management at America West Airlines.

The discounted fares are nonrefundable, so the purchaser must use them or lose
them, unless it can be proved that an illness or a death in the family prevented
the trip. Lee R. Howard, the chief executive of Airline Economics, a Washington
consulting company, put it this way: ''If you have a change in plans, it's going
to be very expensive.''

In addition to offering the discounted fares, United Airlines recently
advertised coupons - with restrictions - for $35 off its domestic flights
costing $175 or more. Many other airlines are accepting those coupons.

Some Flights Are Just $29

What's more, the industry has followed the lead of Eastern Air Lines in offering
a restricted one-way summer fare of $29 on flights between the Northeast and
Florida for children age 2 through 17 traveling with an adult. While that
bargain isn't as good as last summer's - when children could fly free - it is
well below the current reduced adult fare of $89.

Are hotel and motel rates in the United States following the lead of the
airlines? No. The average room rate is up about 4 1/2 percent this year over the
1989 average level of $56.31, according to the Travel Industry Association of
America.

''The lower the air rates are, the more people are going to be traveling,'' said
Ronald Evans, chief executive officer of Best Western International. ''They all
have to stay somewhere, and that builds demand for our business.''

FLYING ABROAD COSTS MORE

Many domestic air fares are being discounted, but international fares will cost
more this summer. Tickets for overseas flights are running 5 to 7 percent higher
than a year ago, following the usual trend for the summer rush.

Here are some typical round-trip fare increases: New York to Stockholm, up by
$46, to $804; New York to Berlin, up $42, to $720, and New York to Rio de
Janiero, up $50, to $1,079.

''Demand is very good,'' said Ann Fegan, system director for pricing at Pan
American World Airways. ''Fare sales are not likely on international trips.''

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: ''For the consumer who can take advantage of this, it's just
wonderful,'' said Raymond P. Kane, shown with Eve Charlack at his travel agency
(Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times); chart: comparison of round-trip fares,
major arilines, sale fare and lowest basic fare (Source: America West Airlines)

                   Copyright 1990 The New York Times Company


                              589 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                              Trans Am Travel Inc

                          4300 King Street   Suite 130
                             Alexandria,  VA 22302
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (703) 998-7676
FAX: (703) 824-8190
URL: www.transamtravel.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Since 1980, Trans Am Travel has been the preferred supplier for travel
professionals, offering competitive pricing with excellent service. Trans Am
Travel provides discounted travel services to the travel agency community.
Acting as a wholesale distributor for airlines, hotels and tour operators, we
provide travel agents the ability to purchase travel services for their
customers at deeply discounted prices. We offer travel services to every major
country in Africa, Asia, Europe, India, Latin America, the Middle East, the
South Pacific and within in North America.  Consolidation is a means of airline
ticket distribution. Although a common practice within the industry, airlines
restrict the amount of airline contracts to only a select few to act as
Consolidators for them. Consolidation began when airlines, wanting to attract
more ethnic business, needed a way to attract the traveler whom their mainstream
marketing did not reach. Going directly to the source, airlines provided ethnic
travel agencies with Consolidator contracts that allowed them to sell tickets
within their communities at deeply discounted prices. With so many ethnic
communities located throughout the entire United States, airlines found it
easier to contract one agency and allow them to sell the tickets to other travel
agencies who desired deeply discounted fares for their customers. What started
out as a means to attract ethnic customers has grown into a mass distribution
system amounting to billions of dollar

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              590 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 26, 2013 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Sale Insider by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 663 words


On the dot

The Junior League of Denver's Second Time Shop is celebrating 40 years with a
"Super Savings" season finale sale. Spring and summer merchandise with a purple
tag and dot is discounted 60 percent, and a green tag and dot equal 50 percent
savings. The shop, located in the Happy Canyon Shopping Center, is a resale
boutique offering new and gently used upscale clothing for men, women and
children along with accessories and home d\xE9cor. Proceeds benefit JLD's goal
of improving literacy in the Denver area. Hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday
through Saturday. 5042 E. Hampden Ave., 303 789 4055, jld.org

The buddy system

Fort Collins Cat Rescue & Spay/Neuter Clinic has received 114 homeless cats and
kittens since Aug. 1 from five rescue organizations in nearby states and
Colorado. A "Back to School Buddies" sale through Aug. 30 includes a name your
price for cats age 6 months and older and a $75 fee for kittens ages 8 weeks to
5 months. A toy, cat food and litter is included in a goodie bag. Call, visit
the website or stop by the shelter for more information. 2321 E. Mulberry St.,
#1, Fort Collins, 970 484 8516, fccrsnc.org

Closet information

This is the last week of a "Sizzlin' Summer Savings Sale" at Athena's Closet, a
plus size women's consignment shop specializing in size 14 and up. A majority of
the shop their motto is "Where all the goddesses shop" has been discounted 75
percent through Aug. 31. This includes dresses, tops, jackets, shorts, jeans,
swimwear, lingerie, accessories and jewelry. Hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday
through Saturday. 5305 E. Colfax Ave., #B, 303 997 4336, athenascloset.net

Add some Bloom to your room

Select furniture, mirrors, art and accessories are included at the "Floor Model
Sale" continuing through Aug. 31 at Bloom by Anuschka. Pieces are discounted 50
percent. Find flowers, gifts, jewelry and home decor at the boutique. 2353 E.
Third Ave., 720 941 2862, bloomdenver.com

Get in the Sewn zone

"First Come First Served" is the theme of the 50 percent off sale continuing
through Aug. 31 at Sewn. Summer dresses, tops and skirts are included. They are
also introducing some new fall looks including hoodies, raincoats and more. 18
S. Broadway, 303 832 1493, sewndenver.com

Set sale for Erie

Stop by the Arts and Crafts Sale presented by the Arts Coalition of Erie and the
Easy Area Senior Advisory Committee from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Aug. 31 for a
selection of old time crafts, fiber arts, wood furniture, paintings and more.
Don't miss the nearby farmers market and live music. 625 Pierce St., Erie, 303
828 0353, artscoalitionoferie.org

Day by day

Time is almost up for the fourth annual Simply Amish Craftsman Days Sale at
Modern Bungalow ending Aug. 31. Simply Amish allows the University Hills Plaza
store to offer an additional discount once a year. Fans of the American hardwood
furniture can save 30 and sometimes 40 percent on pieces for the dining room,
living room, bedroom and office. Ordered pieces will arrive before the holidays.
2594 S. Colorado Blvd., 303 300 3332, modernbungalow.com

Find some fun

Great Finds hosts another "Ladies Night Out" Aug. 29. Sales, giveaways and
refreshments are included from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m. The store, the brainchild of
the owners of the traveling boutique Sassy Stuff, offers new and vintage home
d\xE9cor including collectibles and furniture, restored d\xE9cor, old signs,
clocks, mirrors and more. Shoppers will also find candles, wine accessories and
items from Sassy Stuff including jewelry, scarves, purses and accessories. 10311
S. Progress Way, S 3, Parker, 303 264 8934, greatfindsparker.com

Free day this week

Aug. 27: Denver Botanic Gardens, 1007 York St., botanicgardens.org

Aug. 28: Molly Brown House Museum, mollybrown.org

Each Monday, "Sale Insider" gives shoppers the inside scoop on store discounts
and bargain events. Preference is given to retailers and events that have not
been listed recently. To include a sale, e mail living@denverpost.com 10 14 days
in advance.

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Getty Images file

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              591 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            September 4, 2005 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Organizers Say Tampa Gay Days A Tougher Sell

BYLINE: JULIE PACE, jpace@tampatrib.com

SECTION: METRO; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 493 words

DATELINE: TAMPA


TAMPA -- Last year, two hurricanes threatened to derail Gay Days Tampa Bay. This
year, it was a different kind of storm -- the controversy surrounding the
Hillsborough County Commission's decision not to recognize gay pride events.

It's becoming tougher each year to find mainstream business sponsors for the
event, which attracted thousands of gays and lesbians to Saturday's celebration,
organizer Robert Bromwell said. He secured discounted room rates at the Tampa
Marriott Waterside Hotel and discounted tickets to The Florida Aquarium today.
The aquarium declared today Gay Day.

Bromwell didn't ask Busch Gardens for official recognition of Saturday's Gay
Days kickoff there or for discounts based on what he said was past "lukewarm"
reception.

Robyn Hanke, public relations representative for Busch Gardens, said she did not
know a Gay Days event was taking place at the park Saturday and referred to a
park policy that states the facility is available to "all guests, regardless of
sex, race, religion, national origin, sexual orientation, age, disability or
veteran status."

In June, Hillsborough County commissioners voted to "abstain from acknowledging,
promoting and participating" in gay pride recognition or events -- a policy
prompted by parents' complaints about a gay and lesbian literature display at
West Gate Regional Library.

The policy was initiated by Commissioner Ronda Storms, who was active in a
successful campaign in the 1990s to remove an amendment in the county's human
rights ordinance that had protected gay residents.

On Saturday, Gay Days participants filed into Busch Gardens, many wearing red
T-shirts, the traditional symbol of Gay Days. The crowds were sparse early, but
Bromwell estimated this year's Gay Days will attract 15,000 people.

Some participants, including Dan Bergen, of New Port Richey, said getting
Hillsborough County and local businesses to recognize gay pride events isn't the
real issue.

"It's about rights, normal human rights," Bergen said.

Others said the lack of recognition means gays and lesbians have to work harder
to show the positive effect they have on the community. Peter Mazurkiewicz, who
went to Busch Gardens on Saturday with his partner and a friend, said that
effect isn't hard to see.

"We're just like everyone else -- working, paying taxes and buying houses,"
Mazurkiewicz said.

Mazurkiewicz and his partner, John Reumann, moved to Tampa from Long Island,
N.Y., two months ago, about the same time as the vote on the gay pride policy.
The board's decision does not affect their day-to-day lives, Mazurkiewicz said,
but they probably wouldn't have moved to Hillsborough County if the policy had
been in place before they bought their house.

The policy doesn't apply to the city of Tampa.

For Gay Days information, visit www.gaydaystampa.com.

Reporter Julie Pace can be reached at (813) 865-1505.

Copyright © 2005, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2005 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              592 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               New York Observer

                            October 25, 2016 Tuesday

Acne Studios Now Has an Outlet at Woodbury Common

BYLINE: Kristen Bateman

LENGTH: 543 words


At just over an hour's journey by car or bus from the city, the trek to Woodbury
Commons is worth it. The huge outlet mall in the middle of the mountains already
boasts Prada, Céline, Saks, Balenciaga and Marni, but now, the outlets are
adding even more high-end, hard-to-find discounted boutiques.

First up on the list: Acne Studios. While the mall's website says the boutique
isn't open yet and doesn't list it on the map, I was surprised to see the shop
fully open when I stopped by this weekend. Apparently, the shop has been open
since October 19. The minimal space clearly mirrors the Swedish brand's cool
aesthetic and sells both men's and women's pieces, ranging from signatures of
the brand to edgy items from the spring 2016 collection, straight off the
runway.

Almost everything inside is discounted by at least 50 percent off-which is more
than you'll find during a sale at the Acne Studios flagship in SoHo. According
to an employee, the regular store only ever discounts by 40 percent.

I found a pair of Pistol boots-the iconic ankle boot style the brand reproduces
each season-for just $142 and obviously snagged them. The original price? $570.
Most of the shoes, including sneakers, boots, sandals and flats were in the
$200-$300 range. The shop also stocks accessories such as heavy gold and silver
rings, brooches and sunglasses, all marked half off. Most of the brand's jeans
were also half off, and there were embellished sweatshirts for $110, down from
$440. To find things that are discounted beyond 50 percent off, you'll have to
really hunt, but I promise you it's worth it. All sales are final and the store
doesn't offer any returns or exchanges. According to the employees, the store
will likely do something special for Black Friday, but they couldn't share more
details.

If the outlet is on par with the rest of shops at Woodbury, prices might go down
even further. While most shops advertise as selling things up to 75 percent off,
I'm a regular and I've definitely found pieces for closer to 90 percent off at a
number of boutiques. This weekend, I bought a Miu Miu sweater for $45,
originally $780.

The high-end British lingerie brand Agent Provocateur also opened about a month
ago and is stocking lacy bras, underwear and slips for roughly 50 percent off,
some with an additional 30 percent off promotion. Marc Jacobs also recently
opened a boutique at the outlet mall, as did Givenchy.

Across from Acne Studios, in the newly designed area of the mall were individual
boutiques for Saint Laurent, and Loewe, both of which were under construction.
Considering Loewe doesn't even have a standalone boutique in Manhattan, their
decision to open an outlet at Woodbury Commons is the most surprising of the
bunch. A Helmut Lang boutique is coming, too. For beauty junkies, there will be
a Clarins outlet; for men, a Hickey Freeman outlet will replace the existing
Brioni space and a men's Theory store will also be opening up shop.

For most of these new shops, the official opening date will be November 11
according to a representative, with the exception of Saint Laurent, which will
open one week later on November 28. Here's hoping they'll be some Saint Laurent
leather jackets and Loewe Puzzle Bags stocked for at least 50 percent off.


LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Observer, L.P.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              593 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                               May 3, 2015 Sunday

Plan a fun summer vacation to nearby locations

BYLINE: Kelly Dickey, The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


May 03--You imagine hopping in the car, rolling down the windows and pumping
music as you hit the open road and find your way to a fun destination.

Forget spending money on airfare to faraway destinations, the Midwest has plenty
of hot spots for a fun family -- or singles -- getaway.

Consider loading up the car and taking yourself to one of these entertaining
places. And if you run into hiccups that make you feel like Clark Griswold in
National Lampoon's "Vacation," just remember it means funnier stories you can
tell people about your adventure.

Kings Island in Mason, Ohio

Drive time from Anderson: 2 hours and 20 minutes

Why: Aggressive thrill rides like Banshee, Diamnondback, Invertigo and Firehawk
have upped the amusement park's game in recent years, but there are plenty of
older classics like The Beast and Vortex that can get your blood pumping.

Not an adrenaline junky? Make a splash at Kings Island's Soak City water park,
check out "Peanuts"-themed attractions at Planet Snoopy or have a prehistoric
time at the Dinosaurs Alive! animatronic dinosaur park.

Kings Island offers day passes, discounted tickets after 4 p.m., two-day
admission and a two parks, two days ticket that can be used at Kings Island and
Cedar Point. Online ticket prices range from $29 to $65 and are discounted on
visitkingsisland.com.

Cedar Point in Sandusky, Ohio

Drive time from Anderson: 3 hours 45 minutes

Why: Did you buy that two park, two day ticket at Kings Island? Then you better
drive up to Cedar Point.

Dubbed the "Roller Coaster Capital of the World," Cedar Point offers 17
coasters, 16 "thrill rides," 20 family rides, three water rides, 15 kids rides,
a water park and challenge park.

The park's proximity to Lake Erie also means there are opportunities to go to
the beach, parasail and fish.

Cedar Point offers various ticket deals that range from $25 to $113 on
cedarpoint.com.

Just a little farther drive (and a ferry ride) will take you to Kelleys Island,
where you can find an oasis of dining, shopping and camping.

Louisville, Ky.

Drive time from Anderson: 2 hours 30 minutes

Why: Dads can take their little sluggers to the Louisville Slugger Museum &
Factory for some sports appreciation, or families can enjoy the city's 33
educational tours and museums.

For the over 21 crowd, Louisville has 23 distilleries, five wineries and Fourth
Street Live! It houses various restaurants, bars and entertainment venues.

Louisville is hosting numerous festivals in the upcoming months, including beer
festivals, Marvel Universe Live! and an arts and crafts festival.

For more information, visit gotolouisville.com.

Nashville, Tenn.

Drive from Anderson: 5 hours

Why: It shouldn't take too much convincing to get you to visit Nashville.

The historic city is home to the Grand Ole Opry, Centennial Park and the
Musicians Hall of Fame and Museum.

Although Nashville is famous for its hub of country music, the city offers
lovers of all musical genres a place to experience free live music, festivals,
the Schermerhorn Symphony Center and the Nashville Opera,  to name a few.

Music City has more than just awesome tunes. Nashville has a big arts and
theater scene and is home to numerous galleries, museums and performing arts
centers.

For more information, go to visitmusiccity.com.

Chicago

Drive from Anderson: 3 hours, 20 minutes

Why: Chicago is the perfect place to experience a big city with a Midwest feel.

Given its proximity to Indiana, there's no excuse to miss out on the Windy
City's attractions.

Conquer your fear of heights by going in the glass boxes at Willis Tower (it
will always be Sears Tower in our hearts).

Find culture at the Art Institute of Chicago and Field Museum of Natural
History. Learn about science and nature at the Museum of Science and Industry or
Lincoln Park Zoo.

And if baseball's your thing, you could catch a Cubs game at Wrigley Field or
see the White Sox at U.S. Cellular Field.

Like Kelly Dickey on Facebook and follow her on Twitter @KellyD_THB, or call
640-4805.

Like Kelly Dickey on Facebook and follow her on Twitter @KellyD_THB, or call
640-4805.

___ (c)2015 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150503-HU-Plan-a-fun-summer-vacation-to-nearby-locations-0503-20150503

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2015 The Herald Bulletin


                              594 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Capital (Annapolis, MD)

                             May 31, 2008 Saturday

Salesman gets prison time for yearbooks scheme

BYLINE: E.B. FURGURSON III; Staff Writer

SECTION: INSIDE; Pg. A4

LENGTH: 384  words


A yearbook salesman who bilked the Naval Academy and other schools and colleges
out of close to $750,000 was sentenced to prison yesterday.

Joseph M. Wenzl, 41, now of Monkton, but previously of Crownsville, will serve
up to 27 months and have to pay back more than $555,000 for the scheme
perpetrated on high schools and colleges in Maryland and Washington, D.C. He had
already paid some of the money back.

Wenzl pleaded guilty in federal court in August to mail fraud charges stemming
from the case, and U.S. District Judge William D. Quarles, Jr. rendered the
sentence yesterday.

According to his plea agreement, Wenzl was the regional sales representative for
Taylor Publishing, covering most of Maryland and Washington D.C.

From May 2000 through January 2003, he got the company to cut its yearbook
production prices for his accounts. He then turned around and sold yearbook
deals to the schools at a higher price and pocketed the difference.

He did it by issuing invoices to the schools with directions that payments be
made to him. Then he would pay Taylor Publishing the discounted price and keep
the rest. Using that scheme neither the schools nor the publisher were aware of
the price differential, prosecutors said.

For example, at the Naval Academy the Midshipmen Welfare Fund deals with the
yearbook. In 2001 it sent a deposit to the publisher for that year's edition of
the "Lucky Bag."

Then Wenzl convinced the publisher to discount the final invoice to $173,000.
The publisher thought it had forwarded that discounted invoice to the Naval
Academy, but the invoice was addressed to Wenzl's post office box in Towson.

Navy personnel operating the Midshipmen Welfare Fund never saw the discounted
invoice. Instead, Wenzl sent them a final invoice with an amount due, after the
deposit, of $62,093.

The Midshipmen Welfare Fund sent a $62,093 check, payable to the publisher, to
Wenzl's office. Wenzl deposited the check into his own account.

In 2002 he similarly took the Welfare Fund for $54,513.50.

Cmdr. Ed Austin, spokesman for the Academy, said last night "The Naval Academy
is satisfied that justice was served in this case."

Wenzl pulled similar schemes at other schools, including George Washington
University and Howard University, and public schools in Washington, D.C. and
Prince George's County.

LOAD-DATE: June 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2008 Capital Gazette Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              595 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            March 22, 2006 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Plan has cheaper drugs for elderly, uninsured A card would entitle the holder to
the same prices state employees pay when purchasing drugs, which are discounted
about 30 percent.

BYLINE: Chris Frates Denver Post Staff Writer

SECTION: DENVER & THE WEST; Pg. B-01

LENGTH: 471 words


More than 500,000 Coloradans could qualify for discounted prescription drugs
under a compromise unveiled Tuesday by an unusual bipartisan coalition that
includes unions and the drug industry.

The group proposed creating a program to provide discounts on prescription drugs
for uninsured Coloradans earning less than 250 percent of federal poverty
levels, or $50,000 for a family of four, and for those 60 and older.

The proposal addresses a key area of the Democrats' health care agenda for the
session - providing cheaper prescription drugs.

Last year, Republican Gov. Bill Owens vetoed a Democratic attempt to require
Colorado to join a multistate drug-purchasing pool and create a drug formulary.

Owens has said he supports the concept of House Bill 1252. It also has broad
outside backing, giving it a good shot at becoming law.

Democratic Rep. Jerry Frangas, the sponsor of HB 1252, said he is working on an
amendment that incorporates the changes the coalition agreed to.

"This takes care of working people. It helps people close to retirement at 60
who may not have insurance, and it takes care of working families," Frangas
said.

The proposal would allow eligible individuals to apply for a "Colorado Cares Rx"
card online or over the telephone. The card would entitle the holder to the same
prices state employees pay when purchasing drugs, which are discounted on
average about 30 percent.

Notably missing from a news conference to announce the proposal was Democratic
Sen. Bob Hagedorn, HB 1252's Senate sponsor.

Hagedorn said he was told Tuesday morning of the compromise but hasn't seen the
final language. "I'm not going to commit to something on promises alone,"
Hagedorn said.

Democratic Senate President Joan Fitz-Gerald said the proposal will help the
uninsured and "not cost the taxpayers a dime." Steve Adams, president of the
Colorado AFL-CIO, said the proposal would provide "meaningful discounts on
prescription drugs for thousands of people who need it the most."

And he introduced Kurt Malmgren, the senior vice president of government affairs
for the Pharmaceutical Research and Manufacturers of America.

"I want you take a good look at him because I always envisioned this as being
the devil," Adams said.

Malmgren said his group liked the idea because it is a free-market approach.
"The government is not coming in and dictating prices to us," Malmgren said.

Another major health care measure is Senate Bill 1, which would require the
state to join a multistate prescription-drug purchasing pool, if approved by
voters. The bill also includes a Colorado Cares Rx program, but would be
jettisoned if HB 1252 becomes law, said Democratic House Majority Leader Alice
Madden.

Staff writer Chris Frates can be reached at 303-820-1633 or
cfrates@denverpost.com.

Para leer este artículo en español, vaya a denverpost.com/aldia

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              596 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                           November 14, 2009 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Snowbird savings in Orlando; "SeaWorld Orlando's new Manta ride claims to give
you the sensation of being a giant ray."

BYLINE: Rick Cropp and Barbara Braidwood, For Canwest News Service

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 472  words


The Orlando Convention & Visitors Bureau is hoping to entice you to visit with
its new Made for Canadians (1-800-551-2006, www.VisitOrlando.com/Canada)
promotion valid through April 30.

This is the first time the Orlando CVB has had a specific savings program just
for us. There are more than 70 offers that range from discounted or free
accommodation to deals on attractions or eateries. For example, when you book a
three-day golf school at the Faldo Golf Institute by Marriott, you receive free
lodging in a one-bedroom villa at Marriott's Grande Vista Resort for three
nights. The Hampton Inn & Suites Orlando/South Lake Buena Vista is offering a
discounted rate of $55US per night and the Pirate's Dinner Adventure is giving
$20US off per adult. Be prepared to show Canadian ID and blackout dates may
apply.

While in Florida, roller-coaster fans may want to visit SeaWorld Orlando's
(www.seaworld.com) new Manta ride that claims to give you the sensation of being
a giant ray. And Universal Studios Florida (www.universalorlando.com) new
Hollywood Rip, Ride, Rockit coaster lets you select the music you'd like to
shriek to as you coast around.

If you can, make the trip (about an hour's drive) to one of our favourite
places: Daytona Beach (www.daytonabeachcvb.org, click on Canadian Sand Dollars
for accommodation discounts). It was the novelty of driving on the seemingly
endless beach and the relatively cheap off-season prices that first attracted
us, but we have since found other attractions to draw us back.

Daytona boasts a gargantuan flea market (www.daytonafleamarket.com) and the
beach is a terrific spot for viewing night launches at Cape Canaveral.

North of the strip is where you can catch a glimpse of old Florida.

The hotels have been kept to a maximum of a few storeys and are mostly located
on the non-water side of the two-lane highway.

The beach is miles of untrammelled wide sand where you can fish without snagging
a swimmer or sunbather.

Best of all are a series of historic attractions hidden down some of the roads
off the beach (www.ormondscenicloopandtrail.com). We love the Tomoka State Park
(www.floridastateparks.org/tomoka), where we once happened upon a couple Norman
Rockwell-type boys fishing blue crabs out of the meandering creek. They shyly
showed us where the alligators like to sun and told us about the manatees that
munch through the aquatic forest that waved hypnotically under the tiny bridge.

On an aimless meandering we also came across the Bulow Plantation Ruins Historic
State Park (www.floridastateparks.org/bulowplantation).

The narrow winding drive along Plantation Road is a step back in time with
overhanging live oak branches.

The ruins themselves are fascinating but the serenity of the salt marshes and
creek and absence of anyone all afternoon made it just another day in the 1800s.

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Business

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2009 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              597 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            October 23, 2011 Sunday
                                 FOURTH EDITION

CHARITABLE ACCOUNTING HOSPITALS, TAXES AND CHARITY CARE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 524 words

DATELINE: 0


Nonprofit hospital systems pay no taxes on the bulk of their revenue in exchange
for charity care and other community contributions. But the IRS has never
clearly defined how to account for those contributions. So hospitals have
devised their own ways of quantifying free and discounted care, community
benefits and unreimbursed Medicaid care. That makes comparisons between
different health systems difficult, but as a general rule they spend about 2
percent of revenue on free and discounted care for the poor. For-profit
hospitals, such as St. Louis University Hospital, also provide charity care and
community benefits.

---

ASCENSION HEALTH - NONPROFIT

Total assets - $20 billion

Headquarters - Edmundson

Systemwide - About 79 hospitals in 20 states and Washington; no hospitals in St.
Louis area

Employees - 104,195

Total operating revenue - $15.6 billion (FY 2011)

Charity care - $409 million (FY 2011)

Charity care as a percentage of operating revenue - 2.6 percent

Unreimbursed Medicaid expenses - $374 million (FY 2011)

Community benefits - $373 million (FY 2011)

---

BJC HEALTHCARE - NONPROFIT

Total assets - $6 billion

Headquarters - St. Louis

Systemwide - 13 hospitals in Missouri and Southern Illinois including
Barnes-Jewish Hospital, Missouri Baptist Medical Center, St. Louis Children's
Hospital and Christian Hospital

Employees - 27,000

Total operating revenue - $3.4 billion (2009)

Charity care - $58 million (2009)

Charity care as a percentage of operating revenue - 1.7 percent

Unreimbursed Medicaid expenses - $78 million (2009)

Community benefits - $230 million (2009)

---

MERCY HEALTH - NONPROFIT

Total assets - $4.4 billion

Headquarters - Chesterfield

Systemwide - 28 hospitals in four states

Local - Mercy Hospital St. Louis, Mercy Hospital Washington

Total employees - 28,000

Operating revenue - $4.0 billion (FY 2010)

Charity care - $95.7 million (FY 2010)

Charity care as a percentage of revenue - 2.4 percent

Unreimbursed Medicaid expenses - $72 million (FY 2010)

Community benefits - $54.2 million (FY 2010)

---

SSM HEALTH CARE CORP. - NONPROFIT

Total assets - $4.2 billion

Headquarters - Creve Coeur

Systemwide - 20 hospitals in four states

Local - St. Mary's Health Center, Cardinal Glennon, DePaul Health Center, St.
Joseph Health Center-St. Charles, St. Joseph West-Lake Saint Louis

Employees - 22,000

Total operating revenue - $3.0 billion (2010)

Charity care - $71 million (2010)

Charity care as a percentage of revenue - 2.35 percent

Unreimbursed Medicaid expenses - $2.3 million (2009)

Community benefits - $61.6 million (2009)

---

TENET HEALTHCARE CORP. - FOR-PROFIT

Total assets - $8.5 billion (2010)

Headquarters - Dallas

Systemwide - 49 hospitals in 11 states

Local - St. Louis University Hospital, Des Peres Hospital

Employees - 57,000

Total operating revenue - $9.2 billion (2010)

Charity care - $120 million (2010)

Charity care as a percentage of revenue - 1.3 percent

Unreimbursed Medicaid expenses - Not available

Community benefits - Not available

---

Sources: Local and systemwide IRS Form 990s, audited consolidated financial
statements, tax exempt bond issues, charity care reports from nonprofit health
systems. Annual report from Tenet Healthcare Corp.

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo by Sid Hastings Christian Hospital  Photo by Sid Hastings Mercy
Hospital St. Louis  Photo by Sid Hastings SSM St. Mary's Health Center
Post-Dispatch File Photo St. Louis University Hospital

DOCUMENT-TYPE: ANALYSIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              598 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                           October 27, 1994 Thursday

BYLINE: HARLAN HUGHES

LENGTH: 588 words


Cow-calf producers are in a precarious position. Demand for feeder calves is
generally lackluster, and lightweight calves are being discounted just when a
record corn crop is bound to put feed grain under even more pressure. We should
see feed costs of gain in farmer feedlots in the very low 30 cent per pound
range. Commercial feedlots, even after markups, should have feed costs of gain
below 40 cents per pound.

Why is it, then, that feeder calf prices are so low? Commercial feeders appear
more conservative in what they are going to pay for 1994 calves. Since
lightweight calves finish so far into the future and the third quarter next year
looks tough, commercial feeders are showing very little interest. Lightweight
heifers are discounted even more. The feeders apparently are betting on
heavyweight steers that can be locked in on the futures market to at least
break-even. That may be OK because profits might be higher next time. And the
producer at least markets his grain at or above market price. The break-even
market for 550-pound steers that finish in early June looks to be $83. For
825-pound steers that finish in February, the break-even price looks to be
$76.26. Heavier feeder cattle were selling in North Dakota for $72 to $74
earlier this month. Producers are expressing some real concerns about calf
prices. October 1994 is playing out like two years ago, when calf prices were
weak and price slides were almost nonexistent. Lightweight calves were selling
for slightly more than heavier calves. But sale barns were full of Iowa buyers
by early November in 1992. They were buying feeder calves at almost any price.
The data shows a dramatic increase in feeder calf prices during early November,
an increase that lasted through the year's end. This could happen again in 1994.
Lots of good corn has to be marketed this year under low prices. As Iowa corn
farmers get done harvesting and take their first truckloads to the elevator for
less than $2 per bushel, they might conclude to market corn through livestock.
If this scenario comes true, Iowa farmer feeders will again send buyers north to
get cattle. But their bankers will remember the losses with 1993 calves, and
they will limit how much they lend, causing farmers to limit how much per head
they will spend. This implies that farmer feeders will come after lightweight
steers because of their borrowed capital limitations. This all leads me to
suggest that North Dakota cow-calf producers should hold off selling their 1994
calves. Maybe even wait for the farmer feeders to aggressively enter the market
before you sell your calves. In fact, why not background your calves this year?
Market discounts will abound this fall. This is true for weak markets in
general. Kansas State University research points out that ""lot-size'' appears
to be a critical determinant of the final selling price. I wonder how many North
Dakota lots are too small. Could North Dakota cow calf producers form alliances
to market feeder calves? Market premiums in 1994 will go to those cow-calf
producers who sell: growthy feeders in 50,000-pound lots; cattle that have
uniform genetics and maybe even uniform color; to buyers who are going to push
the calves to slaughter as fast as possible; at a weight where the cattle feeder
can lock in $25 per head finishing profit. Not all North Dakota calves will fit
this marketing program, so this might be a year of some significant discounts.
(Harlan Hughes is a North Dakota State University Extension livestock
economist.)

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 1994 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              599 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            September 2, 2005 Friday

$ALE AWAY - HOW TO FIND THE HOTTEST BARGAINS THIS HOLIDAY; SMOOTH SALE-ING
WEEKEND

BYLINE: CHRISTINA TAM

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 41

LENGTH: 780 words


THIS holiday weekend is summer's last hurrah, and as usual, it will be
celebrated with barbecues, picnics, baseball - and a three-day shopping spree.

Considered to be the second-biggest weekend in the retail year - right after
Thanksgiving - Labor Day weekend offers deep markdowns, as stores get rid of
summer merchandise to make way for winter stock. Add to this the fact that
through Monday, there's no sales tax on clothing and shoes priced at $110 or
less.

It's also time for key sample and closeout sales that offer last season's best
pieces at up to 80 percent off retail prices.

Woodbury Common will be having its annual outlet sidewalk event, with select
stores offering deep discounts on top of its usual sale prices, and Barneys will
wrap up its semiannual spectacle that began last month by marking down prices
even further on merchandise from Vera Wang, Emmanuel Ungaro, Hugo Boss, Marc by
Marc Jacobs and others.

Just don't expect an idle stroll through your favorite stores. It will be a
madhouse weekend, and the early bird gets the discounted worm. Also, be prepared
for a little How to find the hottest bargains this holiday elbow combat to score
that last designer summer dress.

Here are some tips to make it out unscathed - and with the right size.

WOODBURY COMMON

498 Red Apple Court, Central Valley, N.Y. (845) 928-4000

Sale: through Monday

Open: 9 a.m.-9 p.m.

This annual Labor Day sidewalk sale will offer an additional 10 to 75 percent
off on already discounted merchandise. At Ferragamo, pairs of spring shoes are
$99 each, buy three or more pairs for $69 each; wool patch-pocket pants at
Celine are on sale for $151 (reg. $630); at Carolina Herrera, sleeveless shirred
waist dresses are $253 (reg. $1,690); and at Earl Jean, select denims will be
priced $14.99 (reg. $140 to $160).

Shop early in the morning or late in the afternoon to avoid the crowds and to
find a parking space. Try to leave about an hour before the outlet closes to
avoid exit traffic. The best bet is to take the Woodbury Common bus service from
the Port Authority Bus Terminal, so you don't have to worry about parking and
rising gas prices.

BARNEYS

255 W. 17th St., between Seventh and Eighth avenues; (212) 450-8400

Sale: through Monday

Open: Fri., 10 a.m.-9 p.m./Sat., Sun., Mon., 10 a.m.-7 p.m.

Take an additional 20 to 75 percent off items already reduced by 50 percent,
including men's and women's clothing, designer shoes and accessories. Score a
Marc Jacobs strapless pink tiered dress for $660 (reg. $4,400), while an
Emmanuel Ungaro floral silk, beaded blouse will be $469 (reg. $3,030); Barney's
cashmere pea coat is $79 (reg. $299).

Vera Wang's high-heel slingback in fuchsia satin is now $63 (reg. $340), Marc by
Marc Jacobs red-and-white canvas wedge is $60 (reg. $295), and the summer's
popular satin lavender flats from Prada are $82.50 (reg. $420).

Expect to wait on lines for an hour to 11/2 hours. Beat the crowds by coming
early in the morning.

SCOOP

1273-1277 Third Ave., between 73rd and 74th streets  (212) 535-5577

Sale: through Monday

Open: Fri., 11 a.m.-8 p.m./Sat., 11 a.m.-7 p.m./Sun., noon-6 p.m.

Spring and summer designer merchandise is up to 80 percent off. Find Jimmy Choo
shoes deeply reduced at $119 (reg. $595), a Diane von Furstenberg dress is now
$69 (reg. $345), a Matthew Williamson hippie skirt is $219 (reg. $1,095). All
sales are final.

Get there first thing in the morning, when the shop opens, so you can beat the
rush. You'll also get the best help from salespeople then. And although there
are several different Scoop locations, the uptown branch has the most
merchandise left.

WARREN RICHARDS

107 E. 60th St., at Park Avenue (212) 223-4374

Sale: through Sept. 15

Open: Mon.-Sat., 10 a.m.-5:30 p.m.

Sexy kitten heels, summer shoes and accessories will be included in a
final-reduction sale for Labor Day, marked 40 to 70 percent off.
Hand-embroidered ballerina flats are now $250 (reg. $595), cork and espadrille
wedges are $295 (reg. $495).

SHOWROOM SEVEN

498 Seventh Ave. (24th floor), between 36th and 37th streets (212) 643-4810

Sale: Wednesday through Sept. 18.

Open: 10 a.m.-7 p.m.

True, this sale doesn't start until after Labor Day, but why not plan for it
now? Edgy designer apparel from the past two seasons, normally sold at Barneys,
Bergdorf, Takashimaya, Bendels and Intermix, will be up to 70 percent off.
Multi-striped cashmere cardigans from Orla Kiely are down to $271 (reg. $595),
an Imitation of Christ black velvet mini-dress is $95 (reg. $198), the popular
Luella pink quilted biker handbag is now $414 (reg. $985).

Shoppers should get there early in the morning before the rush.

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Monika Bennett investigates the discounted footwear at Barneys
warehouse sale to see whether the designer shoe will fit.  [Victoria Will] -New
Yorkers will load up on tax-free and discounted goodies this weekend. [Elizabeth
Lippman] -Monika Bennett investigates the discounted footwear at Barneys
warehouse sale to see whether the designer shoe will fit.  [Victoria Will]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2005 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              600 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                           December 6, 2012 Thursday

Iu To Share Discount Electricity Rate With Public

BYLINE: Tim Mekeel

SECTION: D; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 468  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Business Editor

Lancaster-Lebanon Intermediate Unit 13 already does a lot to help its 22 member
school districts save money.

Now it's taking an innovative step to help residents and small businesses in its
service territory save money, too.

IU 13 said Wednesday that its agreement with Direct Energy that offers
discounted electricity to the districts has been expanded.

Effective immediately, residents and small businesses also can buy discounted
electricity through IU 13 from Direct Energy.

The offer carries a one-year, fixed-rate price of 6.99 cents per kilowatt hour,
or 6.89 cents per kwh for people age 65 and up.

These are among the lowest fixed-rate, one-year prices in this market, which has
more than 40 electricity suppliers.

They're also a cent cheaper than Direct Energy's regular price of 7.89 cents per
kwh.

And it's about a half-cent cheaper than PPL Electric Utilities' price of 7.54
cents per kwh.

One mill (or 0.001 dollar) per kwh purchased through this "Direct Choice
Program" will go back to IU 13 to support its joint-purchasing initiative.

"It's a win-win for everybody," said Cynthia Burkhart, IU 13 executive director.

IU 13 already has an extensive joint-purchasing effort, negotiating discounts on
a host of products on behalf of its member districts.

Those include all 16 districts in Lancaster County and six in Lebanon County.

The IU 13 effort negotiates group discounts on an estimated $38 million worth of
purchases by the districts and IU 13 itself annually.

"We do that to leverage the buying power of all the districts," said Steve Frey,
IU 13's collaborative services manager.

The power to negotiate group discounts is especially valuable for school
districts grappling with today's tight budgets, Burkhart said.

IU 13 has offered discounted electricity, bought from Direct Energy, to school
districts since 2009.

Other items include food, natural gas, diesel fuel, heating oil, office
supplies, custodial supplies, classroom equipment and art supplies.

Rarely, though, has IU 13 offered discount deals to the public.

The exception has been educational software. IU 13 has offered deals on software
for more than 20 years to parents of students in grades K-12 anywhere in
Pennsylvania.

Likewise, rarely has Direct Energy offered the public a school discount on
electricity. The exception has been been residents who live in the Pittsburgh
public school system.

IU 13 is hoping 10,000 residents and small businesses sign up for the Direct
Choice Program.

If so, that would raise an estimated $100,000 for IU 13, which would go toward
the salaries of Frey and his three-person staff.

The joint-purchasing staff supports itself by getting a tiny slice of joint-item
purchase payments by districts.

For more information on the Direct Choice Program, visit directenergy.com/LLC or
call 1-866-803-4618.

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              601 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     March 22, 1996, Friday, Final Edition

TWA Sues Icahn Over Tickets; Airline Contends Former Owner, Travel Agency
Violated Agreement

Martha M. Hamilton, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F03

LENGTH: 578 words


Carl Icahn is gone but not forgotten.

The New York investor acquired control of Trans World Airlines Inc. in 1986 but
was forced to relinquish control in 1993, after the airline went into
bankruptcy. Now TWA is suing Icahn and Omega World Travel Inc., a Fairfax-based
travel agency, alleging that they sold deeply discounted TWA tickets in
violation of an agreement with TWA.

Icahn ended up with the discount tickets as a result of bankruptcy negotiations
that resulted in $ 200 million in financing by Icahn to the airline. When TWA
sought to extend the loan maturity date last year, the airline agreed to allow
companies affiliated with Icahn to buy TWA tickets at deep discounts. The deal
allowed Icahn and his affiliated companies to pay 40 percent of certain advance
purchase fares for tickets and to resell them -- keeping the proceeds as debt
repayment.

Since then Icahn has sold tickets with a retail value of more than $ 24 million,
according to TWA. But the airline contends that most of those sales violated
provisions of the agreement designed to prevent the discount tickets from
undercutting TWA's own sales.

TWA's version of the deal is that the tickets were intended to be sold to travel
consolidators, tour operators and large corporations -- volume buyers that
typically command a discount. According to documents filed with the Securities
and Exchange Commission last year, the tickets "in general may not be marketed
through travel agents."

In addition to suing Icahn, TWA also has gone after travel agents that sold the
deeply discounted tickets to individuals -- including Omega, a national company
that is the Washington area's largest travel agency. In addition to suing Omega,
TWA has barred the travel agency from selling regular TWA tickets.

Omega has counter-sued TWA over its actions and over statements that it made in
connection with the lawsuit against Omega, asking for damages. According to
Omega general counsel Richard N. Peterson, the travel agency is still selling
the discounted tickets. Some other travel agencies that were targeted by TWA
over the discount sales have stopped offering those tickets, a TWA spokesman
said.

Yesterday, Omega asked a federal judge in Virginia to enjoin the airline from
preventing its regular sales of TWA tickets.

In the meantime, some ticket buyers say they have been caught in the middle.
Barry Morewitz, a D.C. attorney, said he bought one of the 25 percent-discount
tickets that Omega was selling for business travel to Las Vegas. When he had to
change the date of his travel, Omega told him that it couldn't exchange the
ticket and that he would have to buy a new one, he said.

Although discounted tickets generally are non-refundable, they usually can be
exchanged for a fee. "It's incredible that they are going to stand out there and
say 'Buy our tickets,' but they won't stand behind them," Morewitz said.

Peterson said he didn't know the specifics of the case but that Omega would
stand behind its tickets.

Until earlier this week, TWA and Icahn were engaged in negotiations to settle
the litigation. But Wednesday TWA reinstituted its suit against Icahn, saying
that settlement talks had broken down.

Neither Icahn nor an attorney representing Icahn returned telephone calls
seeking comment. According to TWA's complaint, Icahn and his affiliates have
contended that the agreement allows for sales of the discounted tickets to the
general public.


LOAD-DATE: March 22, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, CARL ICAHN

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              602 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 19, 2015 Monday

New York: Schumer Announces New Legislation Called UTRIP That Will Provide First
Ever Federal Funding for a National College Student Discounted Transit Fare
Program

LENGTH: 1680 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Albany: The City University, The State of New York has issued the following
news release:



 Standing at the College of Staten Island, today, U.S. Senator Charles E.
Schumer announced new legislation that will--for the first time ever--provide
funding for a national college student discounted transit fare program, which
would help alleviate the financial burden of commuting to and from college or
grad school using mass transit services like the subway, public bus system and
Staten Island Railway (SIR). Schumer's University Transit Rider Innovation
Program (UTRIP) will provide the financial support needed for transit agencies
to off-set the additional costs of providing discounted student fares. Schumer
explained that every day thousands of Staten Island college students commute to
either a local college on Staten Island or via the bus and/or subway to a
college in another borough. The cost of the students' unlimited 30-day MetroCard
adds up to more than $1,300 each year. Schumer said that this can often be too
expensive for struggling college students to afford. Schumer's legislation will
help provide discounted transit fares for college and grad students which will
make commuting to and from school more affordable and help ease roadway
congestion by providing an incentive to use mass transit.





 Senator Schumer is joined by CSI student who commute to campus from Brooklyn
riding the limited stop S93.



 Schumer's legislation works by offering additional federal funding to any
transit agency that offers college students a discount of at least 25%. Schumer
says this kind of plan is an all-around win because it will save college
students money, reduce their commuting costs, increase mass transit ridership,
ease congestion, decrease cumulative pollution and provide additional federal
support to struggling transit agencies.



 Schumer was joined by CSI President Dr. William J. Fritz and CSI students.



 &ldquo;When it comes to the cost of commuting back and forth to college from
Staten Island, quite frankly, our students feel like they're being taken for a
ride,&rdquo; said U.S. Senator Charles Schumer. &ldquo;Unlike other
services--even restaurants--that offer college students a well-deserved
discount, transit agencies almost never have a program in place that gives
college students a bit of a break. The point of this legislation is to give
college students some relief - because so many are working so hard to pay
tuition and are also taking on large amounts of debt to get by - while at the
same time working to ensure cash-strapped transit agencies like the MTA don't
have to shoulder the burden. Over time, a plan like this will lower other costs,
too. Whether it's the wear and tear on our bridges or the costs of beating back
pollution - helping our next generation become transit riders is a critical
national issue with limitless benefits.&rdquo;



 Senator Schumer continued, &ldquo;In today's global marketplace there are few
things more important than a college education, but that is getting more and
more expensive all the time. Making that education a little more affordable for
families and students via a well-targeted plan to defray high commuting costs
makes all the sense in the world and is an investment that will pay huge
dividends down the line for the students we help - and our whole economy.&rdquo;




 &ldquo;With more than half of the College's 14,500 students relying on public
transportation options to receive their college education, this proposed
legislation will benefit thousands of CSI students at the College of Staten
Island. With 48% of our fulltime undergraduates working for pay, and 22% working
more than 20 hours per week, this college Discounted Transit Fare Program will
alleviate some of the financial burdens of many of our students. Senator Schumer
is a tireless champion of the people, and we are grateful for his continued
foresight and leadership in bringing this important transportation discount to
College students,&rdquo; said President Fritz.



 &ldquo;With the cost of a college education rising every year, saving wherever
possible is crucial. Nothing should come between students and their goal to
receive an education. It is for this reason that I wholeheartedly support the
University Transit Rider Innovation Program and commend Senator Schumer on his
leadership and advocacy. This program will help to make traveling to and around
campus communities financially possible for students,&rdquo; said SUNY Student
Assembly President Thomas Mastro. SUNY SA is an organization comprised of
elected representatives from all 64 SUNY campuses, and is the recognized voice
of over 465,000 students attending SUNY schools.



 Currently many transit systems in partnership with educational facilities offer
discounted fares for students in grades K-12 but often no such discount is
available for students at 2 and 4 year colleges and students at graduate school.
Specifically, in New York City, K-12 schools distribute student MetroCards to
eligible students at the beginning of each semester. The student MetroCards are
good for travel to and from school and school-related activities between 5:30am
and 8:30pm, only on days when school is in session; the MetroCard is good for
three trips each school day. The student MetroCard is financially covered by the
state and city departments of education.



 College and graduate students face well documented financial burdens including
rising tuition, high student loan interest rates, textbook costs and room and
board costs. As of 2015, the average college student will graduate with over
$30,000 in student debt. Schumer explained that the problem of student debt is
compounded by the cost of transportation for college and graduate students.
According to the AAA, in a 9 month academic year the average small sedan would
rack up approximately $5,000 in additional expenses including gas, depreciation,
standard maintenance and insurance. In addition, the cost of on and off campus
parking permits, tickets, and breakdowns can add even more to the cost.
According to US News and World Report, commuter students make up 19 percent of
incoming freshmen. Schumer explained that a national college student discounted
transit fare program would help alleviate the overall financial burden for many
students who commute to and from college each day.



 Furthermore, Schumer highlighted that the program also provides a benefit to
students who live on campus but are pursuing an internship or other similar
academic enrichment activity off campus. While estimates vary, some experts have
estimated that there are as many as 1.5 - 2 million interns each year in the
United States. Schumer argued that graduate and undergraduate students pursuing
these internships as part of their academic program should not have their
choices limited by the cost of transportation. For this reason, Schumer said the
UTRIP program will also cover the costs of a discounted fare for students who
are pursuing academic programs off-campus.



 The UTRIP program is designed to help 2 year college students, 4 year college
students and graduate students access educational programs and facilities by
providing the support needed to transit agencies to off-set the additional costs
of providing discounted student fares. In order for transit agencies to be
eligible for the funding they must provide a discounted fare of at least 25% to
two and four year college and graduate students. Transit agencies can then use
UTRIP funds to help offset revenue losses incurred by providing the discounted.
In addition, UTRIP funds can be used to help cover operating and capital costs
associated with providing new routes geared specifically toward servicing
post-secondary educational facilities.



 Schumer explained that discounted fares will not just make riding public
transit more affordable for students, but it will also help to increase transit
ridership and participation which in turn will decrease congestion on our
roadways and automobile pollution in our atmosphere. For instance, one person
with a 20-mile round trip commute who switches from driving to public transit
can reduce his or her daily carbon emissions by 20 pounds, or more than 4,800
pounds in a year.



 Schumer said that each day thousands of students commute to colleges on Staten
Island and in these cases, the schools are easily accessible to mass transit
options. For instance, the College of Staten Island is located nearby the S92,
S93 and S62 bus stops. The College of Staten Island also offers a shuttle
service from the Staten Island ferry for students traveling from Manhattan;
these students are likely using the subway to commute to the ferry. According to
the College of Staten Island, approximately 2,800 students use this shuttle each
day. Wagner College is located nearby the S66 bus on Howard Avenue, as is St.
John's. Students who live on Staten Island may also commute every day to a
college in another borough. For instance, a student may travel via bus or
subway--after taking the ferry-- to attend classes at NYU or Baruch College or
Hunter College, etc. A 30-day unlimited MetroCard costs $116.50. Schumer
explained that a discounted fare for college students would significantly help
these commuters.



 Schumer pointed to data from US News & World Report and the CollegeBoard that
highlights the approximate number of college commuters on Staten Island:



 &bull; CUNY College of Staten Island: 97 percent of students commute or 13,913
students



 &bull; Wagner College: 30 percent of students commute or 665 students



 &bull; CUNY Brooklyn College: 100 percent of students commute or 17,390
students



 &bull; CUNY Baruch College: 98 percent or 14,560 students commute



 &bull; NYU: 56 percent or 27,593 students commute



 &bull; Fordham: 45 percent or 6,854 students commute



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              603 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                           February 26, 2009 Thursday
                                CENTRAL EDITION

Wegmans drops prices on generic drugs;
Nearly 400 medications will see some discounts

BYLINE: By Samantha Maziarz Christmann - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 489 words


Starting Sunday, consumers with a Shoppers Club card will find lower prices on
389 generic prescription medications at Wegmans pharmacies.

Wegmans announced Wednesday it will implement company-wide price reductions of
select generic drugs, offering 30-day prescriptions of certain generics for $4.
The same set of drugs will be available in a 90-day supply for $10.

A full list of the prescription medications included in the price cut will be
released on the Rochester-based company's Web site, Wegmans.com, on Sunday. An
example is the cholesterol drug Pravastatin, for which a 30-day supply currently
retails at $65.99. Starting Sunday, it will cost $4. Wegmans expects 3.6 million
new and existing prescriptions will be affected annually, saving consumers more
than $15 million.

"We know other companies are offering similar discount programs, and we were
worried customers would cherry pick prices and risk drug interactions," said
Mark Kroetsch, pharmacy manager at the Amherst Street Wegmans. "We see there is
a tremendous need for [discounted medications] in the community."

The company began offering select generics for $11.99 per 90-day supply in 2006,
shortly after Wal-Mart began selling generics at $4 per 30-day supply. In May,
Wal-Mart expanded its discounted offering to include a 90-day supply of select
generic drugs for $10. It also trimmed prices on certain women's medications and
over-the-counter drugs.

Wegmans' newest drug formulary matches all the drugs currently offered in
Wal-Mart's $4 and $10 program, and adds about 90 more. Wal-Mart, with its
increased SuperCenter grocery offerings, has proved fierce competition for
Wegmans, especially as cash-strapped consumers begin comparison shopping more
carefully.

Wegmans' new pharmacy pricing is its latest move in a cost-cutting campaign that
includes free generic oral antibiotics during peak cold and flu season and lower
prices across several categories of what it said are the company's most commonly
purchased household and grocery items.

The success of the free antibiotic program and everyday low pricing movement
lead to the extension of discounted pharmacy pricing, Kroetsch said.

"We got some great feedback. We realized how overwhelming the need was in the
community [for discounted prescriptions] and how much people appreciated the
program," he said.

Lowering prices is a shrewd move in today's economy, said Arun Jain, professor
of marketing at the University at Buffalo School of Management. It's especially
timely as news surfaces of recession-weary consumers cutting back on
prescription drug costs to save money. The program will not only create goodwill
in the community, he said, but should have a healthy effect on the company's
bottom line.

"It's a way to show customers, 'We feel your pain,' and at the same time, by
taking a small hit on pharmacy profit, they're protecting the rest of the
grocery basket," he said.

e-mail: schristmann@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 26, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Harry Scull Jr./Buffalo News Wegmans pharmacist Alan Frydrychowski
consults and fills prescriptions at the Dick Road location in Depew.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              604 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  July 27, 1994, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

TWA FOLLOWS RIVAL'S FLIGHT TO FARE CUTS

BYLINE: Christopher Carey Of the Post-Dispatch Staff Post-Dispatch wire services
contributed some information for this report.

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. 1C

LENGTH: 473 words


Trans World Airlines Inc. said Tuesday that it would copy a rival's fall fare
promotion, which will cut ticket prices for some flights from St. Louis by
between 20 percent and 40 percent.

TWA will match the fares American Airlines is charging in markets where the two
carriers compete.

The discounts apply to "excursion" fares, which require travelers to book their
flights 14 days before departure and buy their tickets within 24 hours of making
reservations.

They also require travelers to stay over a Saturday night at their destinations.

People who want to take advantage of the promotion have until Tuesday to buy
their tickets, most of which are good for travel between mid-August and
mid-December.

Other major airlines, including United and Delta, also are lowering fares to
remain competitive.

The lowest fares are available for flights on off-peak days, generally Tuesdays,
Wednesdays and Saturdays.

Although the size of the discounts are eye-catching, they are hardly a sign that
airlines are desperate, said Christopher Fotos, who follows the industry for
Avmark Inc.

"Certainly, 40 percent is a nice big cut, but it's not available across the
board, for every seat on every flight," he said.

The discounted fares, designed to stimulate travel after the peak summer months,
extend to selected destinations in Mexico, Canada, the Caribbean and Europe.

In American's promotion, the amount of the savings increases with the length of
the flight.

American said its discounted round-trip fares on flights of 500 miles or less
would range from $ 178 to $ 198, representing an average savings of 30 percent.

It said discounted fares on flights of 1,001 miles to 1,500 miles would range
from $ 328 to $ 348, an average savings of 34 percent.

American said the discounted fares on flights longer than 2,001 miles would
range from $ 388 to $ 408, an average savings of 40 percent.

The discounts are available for flights to cities in the mainland United States
and Hawaii from Aug. 15 through Dec. 14.

People who want to travel to Canada must start their trips after Aug. 24, while
those who are bound for select destinations in Mexico and the Caribbean must
wait until Sept. 7.

The discounts on flights to nine European cities require depatures between Nov.
1 and Dec. 14.

People headed overseas must stay more than 7 days and fewer than 30.

Delta, which ranks third in the industry behind American and United, said it was
surprised by the latest fare promotion, adding that its own bookings through
October show double-digit growth over last year.

But because travelers have come to expect frequent fare promotions, airlines
have been forced to oblige, Fotos said.

"This is a pretty normal thing to happen these days," he said. "It would be more
surprising if they weren't doing it."

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1994

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC; Color Graphic/Chart - SAMPLE FARES Round-trip excursion fares
from St. Louis New   Old  Pct. Fare  Fare  Cut Boston        $ 328  $ 449  27%
Dallas        $ 248  $ 356  30% New York      $ 248  $ 377  34% SOURCE: Trans
World Airlines Inc.

                  Copyright 1994 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              605 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              June 23, 2013 Sunday

Young Eugene tech firm provides needed solution

BYLINE: Sherri Buri McDonald, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1632 words


June 23--For years, the PGA Tour has offered members of the military and
veterans free or deeply discounted tickets to its golf tournaments and special
events.

But it hasn't been easy. People had to show proof of their service to the
volunteers working at the gate, who weren't always familiar with various
military ID cards and paperwork.

The PGA Tour also tried having people apply online for vouchers that they could
download and use for admission. But "those were getting resold," PGA Tour
spokesman Marc Raiken said.

This year, the PGA Tour happily handed off the verification chore for some of
its major tournaments to a Eugene start-up called SheerID.

Consumers seeking the special offer are directed to a website SheerID designed
and hosts for the PGA Tour, where they enter their name and date of birth.
SheerID asks the U.S. Department of Defense to confirm the military service.
Once confirmed, consumers pay a $1 service fee and print their ticket or voucher
for entrance to the PGA Tour event.

Last month at the Players Championship at the TPC Sawgrass course near
Jacksonville, Fla., more than 10,000 people with military affiliations received
free or discounted tickets to watch the pros golf, as well as complimentary food
and drinks at the military hospitality tent -- a package that would cost up to
$150 to $200 a day per person, Raiken said.

Calling the event "a huge success," Raiken said SheerID "solved a huge problem
for us. It solved the customer service issue of how to get this offer into just
the hands of the military."

There were other advantages, as well.

"It made it so much smoother at the gate," Raiken said. People would show their
ID, and "we knew since they went through the SheerID process they were good to
go. We could just hand them their ticket and they could go watch some golf. It
made the whole customer experience so much better."

It also gave organizers a good estimate of how many people to expect, which
helped in budgeting and planning for the military hospitality tent.

Since its founding in June 2011, SheerID has built a customer base of about 50
clients, including warehouse retailer Costco and e-commerce giant Amazon.com,
which was SheerID's first customer. SheerID charges those merchants and other
companies and organizations that use its services a fee for each check SheerID
performs.

SheerID has 17 employees and two openings for software engineers. It is on track
for revenues of $4.4 million this year and has been "flirting" with
profitability, which it may hit later this year, said Jake Weatherly, one of the
company's founders and main owners. The others are David Shear and Marci Hansen.
All three previously worked for Palo Alto Software, a business planning software
developer in Eugene.

SheerID, which developed software that can instantly verify someone's status as
a member of the military, among other affiliations, is a product of the Open
Technology Business Center, a nonprofit incubator for high-tech startups in
Beaverton.

In the business planning world you're going to make mistakes, Weatherly said.
"The incubator (allowed) us to accelerate those mistakes, surrounded by
experts," such as attorneys, accountants, former CEOS of publicly traded
companies, angel investors, venture capitalists, and serial entrepreneurs.

Based on his background in customer service/experience, Weatherly said that he
knew that verifying customers' eligibility for promotions targeted to specific
groups, such as college students, was a time-consuming hassle for businesses and
could end up making consumers feel like second-class citizens instead of VIPs.

So, he said, as he and Shear brainstormed early on, "We worked really hard to
understand the size and scope of the market. Is it just students, or others?
Slowly but surely it became an anything-you-belong-to problem."

"Any ID card ... you could have in your purse or wallet we want to verify
instantly," he said.

To build the company, SheerID raised $2.7 million in two rounds of financing,
Weatherly said. The company has about seven investors -- all Oregonians, except
for one Californian.

"They are all different kinds of people," former oil and gas executives; a
dentist/rancher in Bend, a couple of big construction contractors -- "mostly
people who have exited companies they've built, looking to diversify," Weatherly
said.

"The tie that binds is they're all very open, honest, willing to give feedback
and willing to work with us directly," he said.

One of SheerID's early challenges was to develop verification software that
could be integrated into clients' websites instead of using a process that
shunted online shoppers to a totally different website for verification, which
Weatherly called "a formula for losing business."

SheerID clients said they and their customers like the consistency of that
customer experience.

"It allows us to integrate basically seamlessly, so users aren't jarred by
you're with Tableau Software, then SheerID, then (back to) Tableau," said Jason
Schumacher, academic marketing coordinator for Tableau Software, a Seattle-based
developer of software that enables users to analyze data quickly and easily.

"It's consistent image and branding," Schumacher said. "It's very, very smooth."

Tableau has been working with SheerID over the past few months to verify
customers' eligibility for a free Tableau software license, worth $2,000, for
students and teachers, from kindergarten to university level.

"Our entire goal here is to make Tableau accessible to both students and
faculty" to help them with their studies and teaching, while building brand
awareness, he said.

Before working with SheerID, Tableau's process of verifying eligibility was
"very manual and haphazard," Schumacher said. "It didn't allow us to scale very
well."

Now that the process is automated with SheerID, "we've seen an amazing upswing
in traffic in terms of students gaining access to Tableau," he said.

Tableau investigated a handful of verification services before choosing SheerID,
"but there were a number of factors that led us back to SheerID," Schumacher
said.

"All the other services were doing things manually," for example, requiring
customers who wanted the academic discount to scan their IDs and send them in,
he said.

SheerID also was more responsive than the other services Tableau contacted,
Schumacher said.

Schumacher said he initially emailed SheerID at about 6 p.m. on a Friday
evening, and he received a return e-mail within an hour, and set up a time to
talk on the following Monday.

"I didn't get that response from the other vendors we reached out to," he said.

Susan Lieber Smith, marketing director at Individual Software, another SheerID
client, said SheerID provided not only the technology to enable the software
publisher to offer a 60 percent discount to military members, veterans and their
immediate families, but help on how to publicize the discount in the military
community.

"We were interested in pursuing two new audiences: students and the military,"
she said. "But the only way we could do that -- reaching out to them with a
special everyday discount -- was through some method of verification."

"SheerID has been extremely helpful to us," Lieber Smith said. "They worked
side-by-side with us on the technical side integrating this into our website and
worked hard with us on (public relations) support, reaching out to the military
audience, using blogs and social media to get the word out."

So far, SheerID has arranged real-time access to databases to verify members of
the military and veterans, college students, and K-12 teachers and
administrators. The company can access enrollment records for 20 million
students at 3,779 U.S. colleges and universities, and a database of K-12
educators covering 3.8 million teachers and administrators across the country,
Weatherly said.

For the past year and a half, the company has been working to line up data
partners to have access to a database of every faculty member and administrator
at U.S. colleges, Weatherly said.

Some of the data is publicly available, but much of it requires exclusive
relationships with data partners, he said. Depending on the relationship, some
partners make the information available to SheerID because they think the
discounts are valuable to their members. Other data partners charge for the
information, some ask for a small revenue share, and a handful charge a
per-request fee, he said.

Acknowledging the high level of concern about the privacy of consumer
information, Weatherly said SheerID only requests record checks for consumers
who ask for it and none of the records are stored by SheerID.

"We're very front and center about what the information is being used for
because the individual asks for the eligibility check," he said.

"We ... ask for information on behalf of the client," Weatherly said. "We
provide just the answer, and the details of information are (then) purged from
the system."

Expanding into other markets for verification, SheerID is working on a pilot
program with AARP, a nonprofit membership group for people age 50 and older,
Weatherly said.

The company also just signed an exclusive agreement with some global companies
to provide instant business credit verification, so, for example, a contractor
buying supplies in bulk can receive a discount from a home improvement retailer
without having to fill out reams of paperwork.

"We're working with 220 million records," for that project, Weatherly said.

"We have a lot of stuff in the hopper," he said.

"It made the whole customer experience so much better."

-- Marc Raiken, PGA Tour spokesman on the use of Eugene start-up SheerID to
verify customers

___ (c)2013 The Register-Guard (Eugene, Ore.) Visit The Register-Guard (Eugene,
Ore.) at www.registerguard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130623-EU-Young-Eugene-tech-firm-provides-needed-solution-0623-20130623

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2013 The Register Guard


                              606 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Seattle Times (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 26, 2007 Friday

Travel deals: From cruises to tropical hideaways

BYLINE: Carol Sottili, Seattle Times

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 540 words


Jan. 26--Looking for a deal? Here are some travel discounts, from tropical
resorts to cruises. Just be aware that deals may sell out quickly and
restrictions/advance booking may apply.

--Take the scenic route northward from Florida with a deal from Hertz as the
car-rental agency moves its winter car-rentals out of Florida to cities in the
Northeast and Midwest. Called the Florida Drive Out, rates start at $1 a day
(plus taxes) for an economy car for pickups April 8-June 30 from any of seven
Florida airport locations, including West Palm Beach, Miami, Orlando and Fort
Lauderdale. The catch? You must drop the car off at designated locations in one
of 36 cities (not including Seattle; the only Western drop-off city is Salt Lake
City, Utah). .

The rate of $1 daily applies to economy cars rented by Jan. 31 deadline; pay $2
a day by Feb. 28 and $3 a day by March 31. Larger cars are available for higher
fees; an intermediate car, for example, starts at about $10 a day (plus taxes).
Maximum rental period at reduced rates is 14 days. Look for rate code 1WAY at
www.hertz.com or call 800-654-3131.

--Looking for tropical ultra-luxury? Cayo Espanto, a private island off the
coast of Belize, has discounted its rates more than 40 percent for stays of at
least five nights. Rates at the deluxe resort start at $995 per couple per night
(rates usually start at $1,695 a night), including meals, private plunge pools,
transportation from the San Pedro airport and 24-hour butler service. Book by
Feb. 14. www.aprivateisland.com

--Get discounted cruise fares for various 2007 dates on 15 lines, including
Carnival, Princess, Norwegian and Disney, with Expedia's Cruise Getaways
promotion. Deals vary by line but include cabin discounts, cabin upgrades, free
wine and shipboard credits. For example, a seven-night Princess cruise to Alaska
that departs Seattle on May 20 is $1,478 per couple (including taxes) for an
interior cabin, a savings of $413 over the cruise line's price. Each cabin also
receives a bottle of wine and a $50 shipboard credit. Book the sale fares by
Feb. 28. www.expedia.com

--An 11-night Bahamas cruise departing Nassau on March 16 has been discounted 20
percent. The fare for American Canadian Caribbean Line's cruise aboard the
100-passenger Grande Mariner starts at $2,500 per person double, a savings of
$625. Port charges are $250 extra. The ship visits Eleuthera and Exuma Cays
before returning to Nassau on March 27. www.accl-smallships.com

--Crystal Cruises has promotional fares on its European Treasures cruise aboard
the 940-passenger Crystal Symphony from Rome to London departing May 31.
Stateroom starts at $3,499 per person double (previously priced at $3,895) on
the 10-day cruise, which stops in Livorno, Italy; Monte Carlo, Monaco;
Gibraltar; and Bordeaux, France. Rate includes non-alcoholic beverages. Taxes,
fuel surcharge and port charges are an extra $265 per person. Book by March 15.
www.crystalcruises.com

Copyright (c) 2007, Seattle Times Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business
News. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070126-SE-0126-Travel-deals-From-cruises-to-tropical-hideaways

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SE


                          Copyright 2007 Seattle Times


                              607 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Mandatory fees for discounted BART passes coming to college campuses

BYLINE: By Erin Baldassari, Correspondent

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Commuting; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 759 words


San Francisco State University students voted overwhelming earlier this month to
pay a mandatory per-semester fee in exchange for discounted MUNI and BART passes
-- perhaps paving the way for other universities and colleges to follow suit.

Pamela Herhold, BART's manager of financial planning, said at last month's BART
board meeting the initiative could serve as a pilot for other universities and
colleges in BART's service area, opening the possibility for students at nearly
50 other institutes of higher learning in the Bay Area to receive similar
discounts. San Jose State students receive unlimited bus and light-rail passes.

The $180 nonrefundable fee charged to all students provides unlimited MUNI bus
and rail rides and a 25 percent discount for BART travel to and from the Daly
City station, where the majority of SFSU students board and disembark. The
"Gator Passes" are incorporated into students' SFSU identification cards and use
unique Clipper serial numbers to provide the discounted fares.

If replicated elsewhere, Herhold said the cards could be tailored specifically
to any participating university or college.

Roughly one in four San Francisco State students takes BART to get to class, and
of those who do, 80 percent hail from the East Bay, according to a 2014 SFSU
study. In addition, roughly half of students take MUNI for all or part of their
trip, and those trips add up, said Naeemah Charles, vice president of external
affairs for the Associated Students of SFSU, the school's student government.

When Charles first started attending SFSU, she was commuting from Hayward and
spending an average of $250 each month on public transit, she said.

"It makes me feel like we've actually been able to do something to make it more
affordable for students to go to S.F. State," Charles said of the discount
passes.

She said she began working on this issue more than two years ago as a sophomore
at the request of her fellow students. It took several months of research and
two years of meetings with U.S. Rep. Jackie Speier, San Francisco Supervisor
Scott Wiener and BART board director Nick Josefowitz to coordinate MUNI, BART
and Cubic (the company that administers the Clipper card) and to get MUNI, BART
and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) all on board.

At the same time, Charles said, the Associated Students of SFSU held town hall
meetings, conducted surveys and tried to do as much outreach as possible from
the outset to inform students about the plan, all in advance of the student
referendum that began on April 11.

One of the biggest obstacles, she said, was just explaining to students how the
passes would work.

"A lot of students had the same question: 'Why isn't this free?' " Charles said.

To be eligible, the schools must provide the passes to all enrolled students,
who pay a mandatory, nonrefundable fee, assessed as part of students'
registration, said MUNI spokesman Paul Rose. The majority of the fee goes back
to MUNI, which receives $120 per student, per semester. BART takes a $45 cut,
and the remainder goes back to SFSU to administer the program.

The pass will be revenue-neutral for BART, Herhold said, and SFSU will be on the
line to cover any additional costs that arise. BART will also have to kick in
$100,000 to complete programming work, but Herhold said the agency is working
with SFSU to find outside money to fill the funding gap.

Once implemented, the automated system could be replicated, and Herhold said
representatives of Berkeley City College have already expressed interest in
setting up their own discounted fare program.

Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates has been working with the college for the past two
years to implement similar passes, said Bates' spokesman, Charles Burress.
Burress said Berkeley City College has set aside $3.6 million in
parking-mitigation funds, some of which could be used to offset costs of the
program.

The Gator Passes won't go into effect until the 2017 fall semester, Charles
said. First, the BART, MUNI and MTC boards of directors must all sign agreements
with SFSU approving the new fares, which is expected to take place in the coming
months. Then, Herhold said, BART and Cubic will spend roughly a year completing
programming work and testing the new passes.

Charles, a graduating senior who spent several years and countless hours working
to implement the program, said it was bittersweet to see the Gator Pass finally
come to fruition.

"I wish I could use it because I've been working on it for the past two years,"
Charles said, "but I'm happier to graduate."

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              608 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Mandatory fees for discounted BART passes coming to college campuses

BYLINE: By Erin Baldassari, Correspondent

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Commuting; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 759 words


San Francisco State University students voted overwhelming earlier this month to
pay a mandatory per-semester fee in exchange for discounted MUNI and BART passes
-- perhaps paving the way for other universities and colleges to follow suit.

Pamela Herhold, BART's manager of financial planning, said at last month's BART
board meeting the initiative could serve as a pilot for other universities and
colleges in BART's service area, opening the possibility for students at nearly
50 other institutes of higher learning in the Bay Area to receive similar
discounts. San Jose State students receive unlimited bus and light-rail passes.

The $180 nonrefundable fee charged to all students provides unlimited MUNI bus
and rail rides and a 25 percent discount for BART travel to and from the Daly
City station, where the majority of SFSU students board and disembark. The
"Gator Passes" are incorporated into students' SFSU identification cards and use
unique Clipper serial numbers to provide the discounted fares.

If replicated elsewhere, Herhold said the cards could be tailored specifically
to any participating university or college.

Roughly one in four San Francisco State students takes BART to get to class, and
of those who do, 80 percent hail from the East Bay, according to a 2014 SFSU
study. In addition, roughly half of students take MUNI for all or part of their
trip, and those trips add up, said Naeemah Charles, vice president of external
affairs for the Associated Students of SFSU, the school's student government.

When Charles first started attending SFSU, she was commuting from Hayward and
spending an average of $250 each month on public transit, she said.

"It makes me feel like we've actually been able to do something to make it more
affordable for students to go to S.F. State," Charles said of the discount
passes.

She said she began working on this issue more than two years ago as a sophomore
at the request of her fellow students. It took several months of research and
two years of meetings with U.S. Rep. Jackie Speier, San Francisco Supervisor
Scott Wiener and BART board director Nick Josefowitz to coordinate MUNI, BART
and Cubic (the company that administers the Clipper card) and to get MUNI, BART
and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) all on board.

At the same time, Charles said, the Associated Students of SFSU held town hall
meetings, conducted surveys and tried to do as much outreach as possible from
the outset to inform students about the plan, all in advance of the student
referendum that began on April 11.

One of the biggest obstacles, she said, was just explaining to students how the
passes would work.

"A lot of students had the same question: 'Why isn't this free?' " Charles said.

To be eligible, the schools must provide the passes to all enrolled students,
who pay a mandatory, nonrefundable fee, assessed as part of students'
registration, said MUNI spokesman Paul Rose. The majority of the fee goes back
to MUNI, which receives $120 per student, per semester. BART takes a $45 cut,
and the remainder goes back to SFSU to administer the program.

The pass will be revenue-neutral for BART, Herhold said, and SFSU will be on the
line to cover any additional costs that arise. BART will also have to kick in
$100,000 to complete programming work, but Herhold said the agency is working
with SFSU to find outside money to fill the funding gap.

Once implemented, the automated system could be replicated, and Herhold said
representatives of Berkeley City College have already expressed interest in
setting up their own discounted fare program.

Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates has been working with the college for the past two
years to implement similar passes, said Bates' spokesman, Charles Burress.
Burress said Berkeley City College has set aside $3.6 million in
parking-mitigation funds, some of which could be used to offset costs of the
program.

The Gator Passes won't go into effect until the 2017 fall semester, Charles
said. First, the BART, MUNI and MTC boards of directors must all sign agreements
with SFSU approving the new fares, which is expected to take place in the coming
months. Then, Herhold said, BART and Cubic will spend roughly a year completing
programming work and testing the new passes.

Charles, a graduating senior who spent several years and countless hours working
to implement the program, said it was bittersweet to see the Gator Pass finally
come to fruition.

"I wish I could use it because I've been working on it for the past two years,"
Charles said, "but I'm happier to graduate."

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              609 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Mandatory fees for discounted BART passes coming to college campuses

BYLINE: By Erin Baldassari, Correspondent

SECTION: BREAKING; My Town; Alameda; Commuting; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 759 words


San Francisco State University students voted overwhelming earlier this month to
pay a mandatory per-semester fee in exchange for discounted MUNI and BART passes
-- perhaps paving the way for other universities and colleges to follow suit.

Pamela Herhold, BART's manager of financial planning, said at last month's BART
board meeting the initiative could serve as a pilot for other universities and
colleges in BART's service area, opening the possibility for students at nearly
50 other institutes of higher learning in the Bay Area to receive similar
discounts. San Jose State students receive unlimited bus and light-rail passes.

The $180 nonrefundable fee charged to all students provides unlimited MUNI bus
and rail rides and a 25 percent discount for BART travel to and from the Daly
City station, where the majority of SFSU students board and disembark. The
"Gator Passes" are incorporated into students' SFSU identification cards and use
unique Clipper serial numbers to provide the discounted fares.

If replicated elsewhere, Herhold said the cards could be tailored specifically
to any participating university or college.

Roughly one in four San Francisco State students takes BART to get to class, and
of those who do, 80 percent hail from the East Bay, according to a 2014 SFSU
study. In addition, roughly half of students take MUNI for all or part of their
trip, and those trips add up, said Naeemah Charles, vice president of external
affairs for the Associated Students of SFSU, the school's student government.

When Charles first started attending SFSU, she was commuting from Hayward and
spending an average of $250 each month on public transit, she said.

"It makes me feel like we've actually been able to do something to make it more
affordable for students to go to S.F. State," Charles said of the discount
passes.

She said she began working on this issue more than two years ago as a sophomore
at the request of her fellow students. It took several months of research and
two years of meetings with U.S. Rep. Jackie Speier, San Francisco Supervisor
Scott Wiener and BART board director Nick Josefowitz to coordinate MUNI, BART
and Cubic (the company that administers the Clipper card) and to get MUNI, BART
and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) all on board.

At the same time, Charles said, the Associated Students of SFSU held town hall
meetings, conducted surveys and tried to do as much outreach as possible from
the outset to inform students about the plan, all in advance of the student
referendum that began on April 11.

One of the biggest obstacles, she said, was just explaining to students how the
passes would work.

"A lot of students had the same question: 'Why isn't this free?' " Charles said.

To be eligible, the schools must provide the passes to all enrolled students,
who pay a mandatory, nonrefundable fee, assessed as part of students'
registration, said MUNI spokesman Paul Rose. The majority of the fee goes back
to MUNI, which receives $120 per student, per semester. BART takes a $45 cut,
and the remainder goes back to SFSU to administer the program.

The pass will be revenue-neutral for BART, Herhold said, and SFSU will be on the
line to cover any additional costs that arise. BART will also have to kick in
$100,000 to complete programming work, but Herhold said the agency is working
with SFSU to find outside money to fill the funding gap.

Once implemented, the automated system could be replicated, and Herhold said
representatives of Berkeley City College have already expressed interest in
setting up their own discounted fare program.

Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates has been working with the college for the past two
years to implement similar passes, said Bates' spokesman, Charles Burress.
Burress said Berkeley City College has set aside $3.6 million in
parking-mitigation funds, some of which could be used to offset costs of the
program.

The Gator Passes won't go into effect until the 2017 fall semester, Charles
said. First, the BART, MUNI and MTC boards of directors must all sign agreements
with SFSU approving the new fares, which is expected to take place in the coming
months. Then, Herhold said, BART and Cubic will spend roughly a year completing
programming work and testing the new passes.

Charles, a graduating senior who spent several years and countless hours working
to implement the program, said it was bittersweet to see the Gator Pass finally
come to fruition.

"I wish I could use it because I've been working on it for the past two years,"
Charles said, "but I'm happier to graduate."

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              610 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                             April 22, 2016 Friday

Mandatory fees for discounted BART passes coming to college campuses

BYLINE: By Erin Baldassari, Correspondent

SECTION: BREAKING; News

LENGTH: 760 words


San Francisco State University students voted overwhelming earlier this month to
pay a mandatory per-semester fee in exchange for discounted MUNI and BART passes
-- perhaps paving the way for other universities and colleges to follow suit.

Pamela Herhold, BART's manager of financial planning, said at last month's BART
board meeting the initiative could serve as a pilot for other universities and
colleges in BART's service area, opening the possibility for students at nearly
50 other institutes of higher learning in the Bay Area to receive similar
discounts. San Jose State students receive unlimited bus and light-rail passes.

The $180 nonrefundable fee charged to all students provides unlimited MUNI bus
and rail rides and a 25 percent discount for BART travel to and from the Daly
City station, where the majority of SFSU students board and disembark. The
"Gator Passes" are incorporated into students' SFSU identification cards and use
unique Clipper serial numbers to provide the discounted fares.

If replicated elsewhere, Herhold said the cards could be tailored specifically
to any participating university or college.

Roughly one in four San Francisco State students takes BART to get to class, and
of those who do, 80 percent hail from the East Bay, according to a 2014 SFSU
study. In addition, roughly half of students take MUNI for all or part of their
trip, and those trips add up, said Naeemah Charles, vice president of external
affairs for the Associated Students of SFSU, the school's student government.

When Charles first started attending SFSU, she was commuting from Hayward and
spending an average of $250 each month on public transit, she said.

"It makes me feel like we've actually been able to do something to make it more
affordable for students to go to S.F. State," Charles said of the discount
passes.

She said she began working on this issue more than two years ago as a sophomore
at the request of her fellow students. It took several months of research and
two years of meetings with U.S. Rep. Jackie Speier, San Francisco Supervisor
Scott Wiener and BART board director Nick Josefowitz to coordinate MUNI, BART
and Cubic (the company that administers the Clipper card) and to get MUNI, BART
and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission (MTC) all on board.

At the same time, Charles said, the Associated Students of SFSU held town hall
meetings, conducted surveys and tried to do as much outreach as possible from
the outset to inform students about the plan, all in advance of the student
referendum that began on April 11.

One of the biggest obstacles, she said, was just explaining to students how the
passes would work.

"A lot of students had the same question: 'Why isn't this free?' " Charles said.

To be eligible, the schools must provide the passes to all enrolled students,
who pay a mandatory, nonrefundable fee, assessed as part of students'
registration, said MUNI spokesman Paul Rose. The majority of the fee goes back
to MUNI, which receives $120 per student, per semester. BART takes a $45 cut,
and the remainder goes back to SFSU to administer the program.

The pass will be revenue-neutral for BART, Herhold said, and SFSU will be on the
line to cover any additional costs that arise. BART will also have to kick in
$100,000 to complete programming work, but Herhold said the agency is working
with SFSU to find outside money to fill the funding gap.

Once implemented, the automated system could be replicated, and Herhold said
representatives of Berkeley City College have already expressed interest in
setting up their own discounted fare program.

Berkeley Mayor Tom Bates has been working with the college for the past two
years to implement similar passes, said Bates' spokesman, Charles Burress.
Burress said Berkeley City College has set aside $3.6 million in
parking-mitigation funds, some of which could be used to offset costs of the
program.

The Gator Passes won't go into effect until the 2017 fall semester, Charles
said. First, the BART, MUNI and MTC boards of directors must all sign agreements
with SFSU approving the new fares, which is expected to take place in the coming
months. Then, Herhold said, BART and Cubic will spend roughly a year completing
programming work and testing the new passes.

Charles, a graduating senior who spent several years and countless hours working
to implement the program, said it was bittersweet to see the Gator Pass finally
come to fruition.

"I wish I could use it because I've been working on it for the past two years,"
Charles said, "but I'm happier to graduate."



LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              611 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            January 22, 2013 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Mending fences with the aggrieved; How teams are trying to win fans back
post-lockout

BYLINE: Sean McIndoe, National Post

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 550 words


The NHL has returned to action after a lengthy work stoppage, and for many teams
the first order of business was to get to work on repairing their relationship
with angry fans. Whether it was free tickets, discounted merchandise or
meet-and-greets with players, just about every team was trying to earn some
positive publicity.

Of course, some franchises were more creative than others. Here's a look at how
some of the teams around the NHL are trying to make things up to their fans.

Los Angeles Kings Diehard fans will receive a complimentary DVD titled The LA
Kings from May 2012 to today: A complete history, as far as you know.

New York Rangers Coach John Tortorella will answer one question from each of the
17,000 fans in attendance during a special pre-game event that's scheduled to
last five minutes.

St. Louis Blues In a special postgame auction, fans will have a chance to bid on
the game-worn jerseys and equipment of the various opposing players who have
been undressed by Vladimir Tarasenko.

Phoenix Coyotes The first 10,000 fans get to try to explain the economics of
hockey in Phoenix to the remaining 2,400 fans.

Ottawa Senators Each game, one lucky fan will win a complimentary breakfast for
two, which will be delivered the next morning as they're still sitting in the
traffic jam in the Scotiabank Place parking lot.

Calgary Flames General Manager Jay Feaster has announced that any fans
purchasing seats for a regular season game will be eligible for a discount on
this year's playoff tickets and hey wait everyone he's actually serious why are
you all laughing?

Montreal Canadiens All fans aged 18 and under get to casually mention that the
Habs have never won a Cup in their lifetime and then enjoy the awkward silence
from all the old guys sitting nearby.

Vancouver Canucks One lucky spectator will get an official Canucks jersey and
ball cap, a front-row seat, and also $7 million dollars, because they are
Roberto Luongo.

Toronto Maple Leafs One random fan gets a job as a special advisor to the MLSE
board of governors, since that's apparently what ownership gives to people they
have no intention of ever seeing again.

Nashville Predators For each home game, fans who purchase tickets, concessions
and team merchandise can have the chance to place their money directly into a
wheelbarrow being held by a smirking Shea Weber.

Minnesota Wild Zach Parise and Ryan Suter will take part in a special autograph
session together, because God forbid they ever sign anything without getting one
other's permission.

Colorado Avalanche Any fans 14 and under will be offered heavily discounted
tickets, and any second-line centres 21 and under will be offered a heavily
discounted contract.

San Jose Sharks One lucky fan will win a personal grooming kit that's still in
its original wrapper because it has belonged to Brent Burns since last summer.

Detroit Red Wings The team has promised a nonstop series of giveaways that will
start on opening night and last all season long, although come to think of it
they may have been referring to their new blueline.

Boston Bruins Every fan at the home opener gets a chance to be repeatedly
punched in the face by an enraged Jeremy Jacobs shouting "I REGRET NOTHING!"

Sean McIndoe's humour site, Down Goes Brown, is updated regularly at
www.downgoesbrown.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2013 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              612 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              June 1, 2014 Sunday

Taking liberties with bus passes

SECTION: A; ARCHIVES; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 648 words


Necessary reforms target abuse of SCAT discount program

Good government will align with sound social policy starting today in Sarasota
County, due to reforms in transit-system policies.

Sarasota County Area Transit will begin changing the way that deeply discounted
monthly bus tickets -- known as Liberty Passes -- are distributed.

The passes cost $8 and provide unlimited use for 30 days; the normal price is
$50. (The standard single-ride fare is $1.25.)

For years, people could send SCAT their address and $8 to receive a Liberty
Pass. The program is a well-intended effort to make ridership affordable for
individuals -- including homeless people using the addresses of social-service
agencies -- who don't qualify for SCAT discounts offered to over-65 or disabled
residents.

But rumors of abuses -- most notably, that recipients often sold the passes --
have long circulated. An audit report issued in November 2012 by the Clerk of
the Circuit Court and Comptroller documented shortcomings in administration.

The audit found, for instance, that the program lacked "clearly defined program
criteria, targeted recipients and verification of eligibility for applications
submitted."

As Jessie Van Berkel reported in the Herald-Tribune, SCAT sold 16,800 of the
discounted passes last year -- resulting in a subsidy of $705,600.

A beneficial subsidy

The share of that subsidy going to individuals and families who need -- and
appropriately use -- the pass is money well invested. After all, the eligible
recipients -- individuals with an annual income of less than $16,335 and
low-income families (less than $33,525 for a four-member household) -- live on
the edge financially and can benefit from discounts that enable them to get to a
job, shop and attend medical appointments.

But when the system is gamed by people who use the passes as a form of
black-market currency, there is no public benefit.

So, beginning today, SCAT will urge social-service agencies that dispense
Liberty Passes to log into the Homeless Management Information System.

That computerized system, known as HMIS, is widely -- but not universally --
used by agencies and providers of aid. It lets those organizations track
individuals and families, not only to prevent the abuse of services and benefits
but to increase the chances that assistance is being coordinated and effectively
provided.

What's more, the local HMIS system and software is on the verge of being
upgraded, at the recommendation of consultant Robert Marbut, to help agencies
streamline and maximize the value of services and aid offered to people who are
homeless or in danger of winding up on the streets.

Some agencies will need help

SCAT is wisely phasing in the reporting requirement through August;
nevertheless, some organizations say they lack the staff and resources to record
the passes in HMIS.

It would be counterproductive if bureaucratic mandates undermine the intentions
of the discount program and discourage the use of public transit. However,
abuses and unnecessary subsidies cost SCAT money that could be used to maintain
service and keep fares down. And there is significant value -- to the public and
struggling individuals and families -- in using HMIS to track benefits.

Perhaps agencies that are unable to meet the new standard could form
partnerships with other organizations to perform the record-keeping. Or maybe
funds are available in the community to underwrite the costs of participation.

Certainly SCAT, county government and the county's Office of Homeless Services
should monitor implementation of the new rules to ensure they are achieving the
goals and not unduly burdening organizations and legitimate recipients of
Liberty Passes.

But, based on the audit's findings, anecdotal evidence of abuses and the need to
encourage greater use of HMIS, the new safeguards should improve government
efficiency and social service outcomes.

LOAD-DATE: June 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A SCAT customer boards a bus at the downtown Sarasota transfer station.
Reports of abuse of discounted Liberty Passes have prompted the public transit
system to institute reforms. HERALD-TRIBUNE ARCHIVE / 2012

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              613 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            February 13, 2004 Friday

Baltimore tourist attractions joining forces to encourage winter visits to Inner
Harbor

BYLINE: Kara Kridler

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 435 words


Two of Inner Harbor's summertime attractions are engaging in a joint marketing
venture for the first time in an effort to overcome traditionally low attendance
figures during the winter months.

The National Aquarium in Baltimore and the Maryland Science Center are using the
city's miserable weather to push their warmer weather exhibits -- for discounted
admission prices.

The aquarium is promoting its coral reef and rainforest exhibits. The science
center is countering with its underwater exploration IMAX film, "The Living
Sea." And through March -- in an effort to boost sagging winter attendance
numbers -- admission to each is down $2 from the normal rate of $17.50 for the
aquarium and $15.50 for the science center.

During the winter months, admission tends to drop for both attractions, said
Molly Foyle, director of media relations for the aquarium. She declined to
provide statistics, saying only that attendance was seasonal.

"We are hoping to boost attendance a little bit and give people a reason to go
outside in the cold, aside from shoveling snow," Foyle said. "Warmer weather is
a fun thing to think about, especially now. It is summer in the rainforest and
it really is a shot of sun to visit it."

Chris Cropper, senior director for marketing for the science center, said while
the discount is minimal, he expects visitors to jump on the break in prices.

"Anytime, we can offer people a discounted admission, people take advantage," he
said. "The $2 discount really is in line" with the science center's typical
discounts.

In addition to providing discounted admissions to either attraction, both are
involved with Harbor Pass, a three-day discounted ticket to other Inner Harbor
sites such as the Port Discovery children's museum and the World Trade Center's
Top of the World observation level.

Promotions to Inner Harbor attractions have been used for the past few years to
aid the struggling industry.

The Travel Industry Association of America predicted spending by travelers, in
general, will increase by 4.4 percent this year. Specifically, leisure travel is
expected to jump 3.2 percent nationally.

This should be beneficial for Baltimore -- highly dependent on leisure travelers
-- which weathered the industry's overall downturn fairly well, based on a
recent report by the Port Discovery and the World Trade Center.

Foyle added the aquarium and science center are running joint television and
radio spots to get the word out about the promotions.

She said, "They focus on escaping the winter blahs and having a tropical"
experience.

LOAD-DATE: February 13, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2004 Dolan Media Newswires


                              614 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            April 4, 2012 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Allegiant puts fee on use of overhead bin;
Only small bags that can fit under the seat will be free

BYLINE: Ben Mutzabaugh, USA TODAY

SECTION: MONEY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 416 words


Starting today, Allegiant Air is charging passengers up to $35 to stow carry-on
bags in its overhead storage bins.

Allegiant's new policy, which doesn't apply to tickets booked before today,
means passengers cannot avoid paying the airline a fee for their bags unless all
their belongings can fit into a small "personal item" bag that can fit under the
seat in front of them.

Allegiant charges a fee for checked luggage: $35 if done at the airport or $15
to $30 if the fee is paid online, depending on the route.

The Las Vegas-based airline is the second U.S. carrier to charge fliers for
carry-on bags that have to be stored in bins during flights.

Florida-based Spirit Airlines began charging passengers up to $45 for carry-ons
last year. The new charge sparked protests from passengers' rights advocates and
threats of action from Congress.

Spirit's fee remains in place, and the airline's CEO, Ben Baldanza, has
proclaimed it a success.

Allegiant says it will offer a discounted rate to passengers who pay online
ahead of their flight for carry-on bags. It hasn't announced what the discounted
charge will be, but Allegiant spokesman Brian Davis said most would be  $10 to
$15, depending on route.

He says that the airline will monitor customer reaction to the fee but that it
doesn't expect  lasting repercussions.

Davis points out that Allegiant was one of the first airlines to begin charging
for soft drinks in 2005. "People told us we were crazy and that there would be a
backlash from our customers," Davis says. "But there wasn't a backlash, because
people knew they were still getting a great deal."

Davis says the carry-on fee is being driven by a combination of factors,
including rising fuel costs that are hitting all airlines, and slower boarding
because more people are carrying more bags onto planes to avoid paying to check
them.

Allegiant says it hopes the fee will prompt customers to reconsider their
packing habits and that the fee will bring a better balance between the number
of carry-on bags and the number that are checked -- thereby easing the jostling
between passengers for space in overhead bins.

And, Davis says, if the fee prompts some passengers to pack lighter, they can
help reduce Allegiant's fuel costs by lightening the load of its planes.

"Behavior change is an important part of it," Davis says of the fee. "Our
customers can watch their shopping cart fill up (on the airline's booking page)
and decide whether that's a reasonable cost before they buy their ticket."

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2012 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              615 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            November 19, 2010 Friday

Heating help for families in need

BYLINE: By JOSH STILTS / Reformer Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 422 words


Friday November 19, 2010

BRATTLEBORO -- In 2004 Richard Davis and Daryl Pillsbury were watching the
Boston Red Sox mount one of the greatest comebacks in sports history defeating
the New York Yankees after being behind in the series 0-3.

During one of the games, Davis turned to Pillsbury to comment on how cold it had
gotten in mid-October.

"There's gonna be a lot people who can't afford to heat their house," Davis
said.

And so the duo began to plot out how to raise money for families in Windham
County who were having trouble paying for the rising costs of heat.

Six years later, more than $150,000 has been raised to help more than 400
families.

"I've never done something that made me feel so good in my entire life,"
Pillsbury said. "When people put their minds together, great things can be
achieved."

The heating fund program worked closely with Flemming Oil to purchase a large
amount of fuel at a discounted rate. After seeing how great the need was,
Flemming donated an additional $2,000 to purchase fuel at the discounted rate.

"The generosity of this community is tremendous," Pillsbury said. "At first it
was only going to be a one-year effort, but after listening to so many people's
stories I don't think I'll ever stop."

Earlier this year the Windham County Heat Fund was granted non-profit status and
can now accept tax-deductible donations.

"We have no administrative costs, no overhead," Davis said. "Every dollar
donated goes directly to help families in need."

This year Davis and Pillsbury have raised nearly $18,000 of their $50,000 goal
for the 2010-11 heating season, the same as last year's goal.

The heating fund also received a $5,000 grant from Entergy Corporation, which
has been a supporter of the program for several years.

Working closely with the South Eastern Vermont Community Action, which screens
people for fuel assistance program, and the Windham County HELP Fund, Davis and
Pillsbury have also help numerous families ensure that those who may be eligible
for fuel assistance programs are able to explore those options.

To make a donation, checks can be made out to the Windham County Heat Fund and
sent to Richard Davis at 679 Weatherhead Hollow Road, Guilford, VT 05301. Direct
deposits can be made to the Windham County Heat Fund at the Brattleboro Savings
and Loan.

"When heat isn't available people don't have very long before hypothermia or
worse, sets in," Pillsbury said.

He added that any donation can make a difference.

Josh Stilts can be reached at jstilts@reformer.com , or 802-254-2311 ext. 273.

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              616 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            April 1, 2015 Wednesday

FLORIDA:Downtown Disney Hotel Teacher Appreciation Rates from $87

LENGTH: 268  words

DATELINE: Tallahassee


Tourism Industry Marketing Corporation, State of Florida has issued the
following news release:

I can't say enough about teachers.

As the daughter of an elementary school teacher and now homeroom mom for my own
daughter's preschool class, I've seen how hard they work. They arrive at school
early, stay late, take work home and often spend their own money on classroom
supplies.

For everything teachers do, the seven Downtown Disney Resort Area Hotels want to
show their appreciation with discounted stays this spring and summer. Starting
nightly room rates are as follows:

B Resort & Spa: $119
    Best Western Lake Buena Vista Resort Hotel: $89
    Buena Vista Palace Hotel & Spa: $79
    DoubleTree Suites by Hilton: $129
    Hilton Orlando Lake Buena Vista: $89
    Holiday Inn Orlando - Lake Buena Vista: $89
    Wyndham Lake Buena Vista Resort: $87

These discounted rates are available for educators from kindergarten to college,
plus support staff, in the United States and Canada who show proof of employment
at check-in.

The offer is valid on stays from May 1 to July 31, 2015 -- and there's plenty to
do in the Orlando area during that time:

Epcot International Flower & Garden Festival (March 4 to May 17, 2015)
    Star Wars Weekends at Disney's Hollywood Studios (May 15 to June 14, 2015)
    Sounds Like Summer concert series at Epcot (June 7 to July 25, 2015)

Extra credit: Each hotel offers a free shuttle to the theme parks, and you'll
get a coupon book good for even more savings on your vacation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:
editorial@plusme.com

LOAD-DATE: April 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              617 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Vallejo Times-Herald (California)

                             July 7, 2016 Thursday

Discounted fair tickets now available online

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 391 words

ABSTRACT

Discounted pre-sale tickets available for the Solano County Fair.

FULL TEXT

The Solano County Fair is less than a month away and now is the time to get
tickets and take advantage of special pre-sale discounts.

This year's Fair takes place from July 27-31. The Solano County Fair will bring
back some favorite acts and attractions, along with new entertainment for the
whole family, including free headline concerts with admission every night.

Discounted pre-sale tickets are available online at SCFair.com and on the Fair's
Facebook page now through midnight July 26. Pre-sale tickets also can be
purchased at the Fairgrounds' office during regular business hours through July
26.

By purchasing tickets in advance, fairgoers save $5 per carnival unlimited ride
wristband and $2 per adult, child, senior and military veteran admission tickets
off of the regular on-site prices during the fair. Children age 5 and under are
free.

Pre-sale ticket discounts also are available for several sporting events that
will be part of this year's action-packed entertainment, including two brand new
events for 2016 in the Fair's Outdoor Arena: MMA Madness, a mixed martial arts
fight series at 7 p.m. July 29 at 7 p.m. and Throwdown in V'Town, a tournament
of PAL boxers at 8 p.m. July 30.

The Demolition Derby returns again this year at 5 p.m. July 30.

Tickets can be purchased in advance online for $8 for adults and $4 for
children. Day of tickets are $10 for adults and $6 for children.

Also in the Sports Arena, riders will pit their skills against magnificent
bucking bulls at 3:30 p.m. July 31. The Jaripeo (bull riding) event also will
feature traditional Hispanic music and comedic interludes by a daring team of
cowboy-clowns. Tickets to the Jaripeo can be purchased in advance online for $8
for adults and $4 for children. Day of tickets are $10 for adults and $6 for
children.

The 2016 Fair hours are 3 p.m. to 11 p.m. Wednesday through Friday, and noon to
11 p.m. Saturday and Sunday. In addition, the Fair is offering three special
admission days.

o Wednesday, July 27: Seniors Day - seniors age 60+ receive free admission.

o Thursday, July 28: Kids Day - kids age 12 and under receive free admission.

o Friday, July 29: Military & First Responders Appreciation Day - military, law
enforcement and firefighters and their families receive free admission.

LOAD-DATE: July 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 The Times-Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              618 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                RedEye, Chicago

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

Discounted Divvy memberships for students

BYLINE: Rachel Cromidas, RedEye, Chicago

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


Oct. 06--Six Chicago area colleges and universities are participating in a new
program to lower the cost of a Divvy bike-share membership for some college and
graduate students.

The Divvy Student Membership program, announced Monday by the mayor's office,
will drop the price of a Divvy membership to $55, from the usual annual fee of
$75, for students at City Colleges of Chicago, Columbia College, Northwestern
University, DePaul University, Rush University Medical Center, and University of
Illinois at Chicago (UIC), according to a press release.

In a statement, Mayor Rahm Emanuel said the program would help make the city's
year-old bike-share program set a "new standard for other cities to follow."

The city expects more academic institutions to sign onto the program in the
coming months, according to the release.

The release directs students at participating institutions to
http://DivvyBikes.com/student, where they can sign up with their school email
addresses.

Chicago's bike share program has more than 23,000 annual members, according to
officials, and has sold half a million 24-hour passes to non-members to date.
The program has about 3,000 bikes across 300 docking stations around the city,
and plans to expand to 545 station locations in the next year, including Oak
Park and Evanston, where Northwestern University's main campus is based.

___ (c)2014 RedEye (Chicago) Visit RedEye (Chicago) at www.redeyechicago.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141006-1RC-Discounted-Divvy-memberships-for-students-1006-20141006

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1RC


                                 Copyright 2014


                              619 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Sunday Times (London)

                             August 7, 2016 Sunday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Universities to slash entry grades

BYLINE: Sian Griffiths; Katherine Cowles

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 726 words


SOME of Britain's top universities are offering thousands of degree places
through clearing - the system that matches students with unfilled places on
courses - even though A-level results are not announced for 11 days.

Many universities, some of which have drawn up ambitious expansion plans, are
poised to slash A-level grade offers when teenagers get their results and will
accept students who may have underperformed in the exams. Sir Steve Smith,
vice-chancellor of Exeter University, which lists 225 degree options in
clearing, said: "People are nervous and universities are being defensive; if EU
students do not turn up, universities want to make sure they fill their places.
There is a lot of uncertainty post-Brexit. Students will have a lot of choice
this summer."

He said Exeter, which has expanded by more than 50% in recent years, was in
clearing only to pick up high-flyers.

Leeds is advertising more than 1,000 degree course combinations in clearing.
Sheffield has flagged up 377 courses, Southampton has 324 and York has 186
courses in the system. Liverpool is listing 946 degree courses, Manchester 277,
and Newcastle 219.

Early clearing courses range from single to joint subjects, including degrees in
medical sciences, modern foreign languages, maths, engineering and humanities
subjects.

The large number of courses being offered through clearing by universities,
including members of the elite Russell Group, comes amid one of the biggest
scrambles for students in years. A range of incentives are being offered to
entice students, including the kind of bulk-buying deals favoured by
supermarkets.

Universities are offering free or discounted master's degrees to top-flight
students who enrol on their £9,000-a-year undergraduate courses.

Other incentives on offer range from free tickets to games involving the Premier
League champions, Leicester City - offered by the city's De Montfort University
- iPads and airport transfers to discounted courses if applicants persuade a
sibling or spouse to sign up to a place as well.

However, it is the discounted offers on multiple degrees that could be the most
attractive, especially for high-flying students. Sheffield University is
offering students with three As at A-level the chance of a free master's course
worth up to £10,000 if they enrol on an undergraduate degree.

Eden Ladley, 21, from Doncaster, will start a free master's degree costing
£7,000 in tuition fees from Sheffield on completing his politics and philosophy
undergraduate course. Ladley said that without the deal, he might not have been
prepared to take out a £10,000 loan to cover fees and living costs.

Elsewhere, York offers 10% off a postgraduate course, while Kingston, London,
will knock 25% off for graduates who go straight to a master's course after
finishing their first degree.

Kent is offering a £1,000 discount for postgraduate courses and 10% off
first-year tuition if a student has a sibling or spouse who joins the
university. At Lancaster, it is 10% off a postgraduate course which rises to 20%
off if you get a first.

The offers are evidence that this autumn is going to be a buyers' market for
students, according to experts. The glut in places is blamed on fears that
European and overseas students will turn their backs on Britain because of
uncertainties over funding after Brexit.

There has also been a drop in the number of 18-year-olds in the UK - especially
boys - applying for university.

Mary Curnock Cook, chief executive of the universities admissions service, said:
"The fact that the number of UK 18-year-olds is smaller this year means talented
students are in demand.

"Pretty much the full range of university types will have some vacancies, so
whether your grades are stellar or frankly a bit middle-of-theroad, there will
be plenty of opportunities in clearing."

Anglia Ruskin University is setting up temporary shops in Costa Coffee outlets
in Cambridge to sign up students and De Montfort has launched a
#LoveInternational campaign, spearheaded by the university's vice-chancellor who
is touring Europe to promote incentives for EU students.

Since the vote to leave the EU some universities have had their credit ratings
downgraded amid concerns that curbs to free movement will hit recruitment of
academics and students.

Additional reporting: Tom Butler-Roberts.

Editorial, page 22 @siangriffiths6

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Students who find out next week that they have achieved good grades
will be in high demand as universities scramble to fill places amid uncertainty
triggered by the Brexit vote

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STS


                    Copyright 2016 Times Newspapers Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              620 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                            March 20, 2013 Wednesday

LENGTH: 534 words


If your spring break plans have kept you close to home this week, fear not.
There's still time to enjoy a local "stay-cation," and the Topeka Metropolitan
Transit Authority has offered to do the driving.

Through Saturday, the bus company is offering free rides to families as part of
its "Family Spring Fling" promotion. Families - one or two adults and at least
one child younger than 18 - can ride any of the fixed bus routes for free; just
step on and ride. The promotion, which started Monday, coincides with spring
break for the majority of area schools.

We like the idea of enticing additional families with young children to break
from the car or minivan habit and give public transportation a try, if they
haven't already. It's a great way to see the city, relax and enjoy one another's
company without the stress of driving, and save on gas money.

We also think Topeka is a great place to spend your spring break. The city is
full of family-friendly entertainment and recreation options, many of which
don't cost a thing.

As added incentive for the "Spring Fling," a number of local businesses and
recreational spots have teamed up to offer discounted rates and promotions of
their own as part of the deal. For example, the Kansas Children's Discovery
Center, which is located on the TMTA's Green routes, is offering discounted
admissions of $5 per person to families who ride the bus. The Kansas Museum of
History is also offering a $5 discounted admission price, and a temporary route
detour will help riders reach this destination.

Other participating spots offering specials include CiCi's Pizza, Going Bonkers,
the ArtLab at Washburn's Mulvane Art Museum (which is always free), Gage Center
Bowl, Great Overland Station, Sk8away, and the Topeka and Shawnee County Public
Library (also cost-free), all of which are on or near the buses' fixed routes.
To access copies of the routes, go to www.topekametro.org.

This isn't the first time the TMTA has offered free fares to entice riders. A
nearly identical promotion, called the "Winter Holiday Family Special," ran
during the week of schools' winter break, from Dec. 26 through Dec. 31.
Active-duty and retired veterans received free rides in November, and library
card holders were able to ride free between Feb. 4 and Feb. 9, as part of the
Big Read promotion.

These creative marketing campaigns to entice new riders are a good idea. They
cost the TMTA little if anything, as the buses already traverse these fixed
routes daily, and they address one of the hurdles to increasing ridership, which
is simply getting new people familiar with riding the bus. Someone who feels
comfortable navigating the route and the fare structure is much more likely to
consider the bus for daily commuting or errand running routines versus someone
who fears that unknown.

Offering free rides to children, along with their families, is a great way to
help those who may need to use the bus for rides to school familiarize
themselves, and it's a chance to give them some freedom to traverse the city as
they get old enough to ride alone. In the process, TMTA is creating future
customers so that the city can maintain a vibrant and viable public
transportation system.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              621 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 11, 2011 Sunday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Inquirer tabbing the mobile digital reader

BYLINE: By Jeff Gelles; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 1047 words


Will tablet computers such as the Apple iPad and its Android counterparts be the
answer to the advertising and circulation problems plaguing the newspaper and
magazine industries?

That's the guarded prediction of some media analysts as well as the hope of a
growing list of publishers - including Philadelphia Media Network Inc., owners
of The Inquirer and Philadelphia Daily News, which plans to roll out an offer
this week aimed at riding the digital wave on the hottest new electronic
platform.

Although company officials declined to provide details before a news conference
Monday, they said last week that they would begin the "soft launch" Tuesday of a
new digital product: a deeply discounted Android tablet loaded with discounted
subscriptions to replica editions of The Inquirer and Daily News and a new
multimedia Inquirer tablet app.

About 5,000 units will be sold in a beta-test phase, during which purchasers
will be asked for feedback. If all goes as planned, PMN plans to start offering
the preloaded tablet for general sale on "Black Friday," the day after
Thanksgiving that is the traditional start of the holiday shopping season.

PMN chief executive officer Gregory J. Osberg announced plans for the tablet in
July, when he said the company would become the nation's first newspaper and Web
publisher to offer a discounted tablet bundled with news apps. Since then, news
reports have said that the Tribune Co., owner of the Chicago Tribune, Los
Angeles Times, and Baltimore Sun, is developing a similar product.

PMN and Tribune are hoping to build on the iPad's huge success for Apple, which
has sold more than 28 million iPads since the tablet's April 2010 launch, and
meanwhile address two problems that have bedeviled publishers: how to regain
sales revenue from readers who have grown accustomed to getting their content
for free on the Web, and how to recapture ad revenue lost as readers gradually
shift away from printed publications.

Osberg said last week that PMN hopes to grow its business with an offer aimed at
a swiftly expanding market niche: people who see the light, portable tablet
format as ideal for reading and viewing high-resolution photos and videos.

The company views tablet apps as separate new products, not as replacements for
print. It also plans to introduce an iPad version of its new multimedia Inquirer
app, and to eventually offer new iPad and Android apps pegged to the Daily News'
content.

"We don't want to cannibalize our print readership," Osberg said in an
interview. "This is about expanding the number of options for consumers, not to
limit the number of options available."

Osberg said PMN sees the success of Google's Android smartphone platform as a
harbinger of success for Android-based tablets. The first smartphone based on
Google's open-source Android platform was introduced more than a year after
Apple's iPhone. But by the end of last year, Android phone sales were outpacing
the iPhone's.

Osberg said Android tablet-makers see a similar opportunity in the larger-format
devices that, much like smartphones, can wirelessly access the Internet and have
spurred the development of thousands of specialized applications - the now
familiar "apps" - that can create a more seamless experience for getting
information, playing games, reading or viewing media, or engaging in any
imaginable online activity.

"Their intention is to become number one in the tablet market also," Osberg
said. "They believe there's tremendous growth opportunity, and we wanted to be a
part of that."

Industry analysts and researchers say the tablet platform offers promise for
media companies, but also see reasons to temper their optimism.

"There's reason to believe it's going to be very big in the next four or five
years, so there's good reason to get in at the ground floor," said Rick Edmonds,
a media-business analyst at the Poynter Institute who said that the tablet
format seems especially conducive to reading as well as for viewing pictures and
video.

"In contrast to the Web and in contrast to smartphones, there's quite a lot of
evidence that tablet users sit down in the evening and read something, whether
it's newspapers or magazines," he said. For publishers, he said, tablets offer
"hope that some element of the good old days could be recaptured."

Ad revenue, disappointing on the Web, could also prove more lucrative with the
new format, according to Roger Fidler, a digital-publishing expert at the
University of Missouri's Donald W. Reynolds Journalism Institute.

Fidler said Web ads generally bring in about a tenth as much as a print ad on a
cost-per-thousand basis. "Tablet ads have been running four to six times the
cost of a Web ad," said Fidler, who said that tablet ads "can be more
interactive and much deeper" than Web ads, and can also be designed to draw
revenue from "in-app" purchases.

Publishers also stand to benefit from collecting data about subscribers and
their interests, which can be used to better target advertising or sold to other
marketers or data aggregators, Fidler said.

Despite the format's advantages, Fidler said he remained skeptical about
publishers' hopes for tablets - especially non-iPad versions.

"The iPad is really the dominant tablet out there" with more than 80 percent of
the U.S. market, he said. "I'm not convinced that Android tablets will be a
significant competitor in the near future."

One reason Android tablets may not enjoy the same growth trajectory as Android
smartphones is that Apple iPhones initially worked only on AT&T's wireless
network, leaving rival Android phones a wide swath of the market to exploit.
Tablets, meanwhile, are all functional over WiFi connections, yet the iPad has
hung onto its dominance - so far.

To Inquirer editor Stan Wischnowski, the new tablet and apps offer an
opportunity to reach readers who find digital platforms more attractive, such as
commuters who can download the Inquirer's apps before they leave home and read
them on the bus or train, or college students who have grown up reading nearly
everything online.

"This is a great device to extend our reach in so many different ways,"
Wischnowski said. "Mobility is the name of the game right now."

Contact staff writer Jeff Gelles

at 215-854-2776 or jgelles@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              622 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        May 27, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Super Shoes: Discounted Women's Sandals Now Available at Super Shoes

LENGTH: 339  words


May 27 -- Summer is right around the corner and it's time to show off those
perfect toes! With the warm weather upon us, it's time for tootsies to make a
grand re-entry onto the runway; so grab a pedicure and check out these
discounted women's sandals. From utility to fashion, there's no style that isn't
on sale in this batch of discounted women's sandals at Super Shoes.



To take the classic beachy flip-flop to a new level, find one with a good
walking sole. Check out the Columbia Sportswear Kambi Thong. A sporty take on
this classic style makes the Kambi Thong the perfect go-to for boardwalking this
summer; comfort and style blended into one cozy package!

For something a bit more rugged that will support and aerate while hiking or
biking, give the Columbia Sunlight Vent River Sandal or Clarks Morse Tour
Quarter Strap Sandal a try. Both are fully outfitted with thick straps to stay
solidly on feet even while on the go, and provide comfort soles for cushion
while staying active.

The Women's Bio Feet 2 Buckle Thong and Women's Skechers USA Reggae Jammin' 2
Buckle Slide are good for hitting the city streets. Both shoes offer
construction to support and room to breathe for long walks around urban
environments.

For something a bit more fashion forward, have a look at the Brown's Landing Mae
Slide and Aerosoles Plush Around Quarter Strap. Both offer some lift at the back
with a sassy wedge heel that pairs seamlessly with a maxi skirt or sundress.
Your daytime glam will be shining with these options!

Evening chic style is all the rage with the Skechers Cali Rumblers Tangled
Slide. A wedge heel offers sophisticated support to the strappy leather body and
gives any LBD an elegant pop of sophistication. For something with a bit more
bling, check out the Madeline All of a Sudden Thong. Shining silver detail takes
date night to the max with low-maintenance glamour.

So what is there to wait for? Check out these discounted women's sandals at
supershoes.com and catch up with the season; celebrate summer in comfort and
style!

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              623 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               India Pharma News

                        May 27, 2014 Tuesday 6:30 AM EST

Super Shoes: Discounted Women's Sandals Now Available at Super Shoes

LENGTH: 339  words


May 27 -- Summer is right around the corner and it's time to show off those
perfect toes! With the warm weather upon us, it's time for tootsies to make a
grand re-entry onto the runway; so grab a pedicure and check out these
discounted women's sandals. From utility to fashion, there's no style that isn't
on sale in this batch of discounted women's sandals at Super Shoes.



To take the classic beachy flip-flop to a new level, find one with a good
walking sole. Check out the Columbia Sportswear Kambi Thong. A sporty take on
this classic style makes the Kambi Thong the perfect go-to for boardwalking this
summer; comfort and style blended into one cozy package!

For something a bit more rugged that will support and aerate while hiking or
biking, give the Columbia Sunlight Vent River Sandal or Clarks Morse Tour
Quarter Strap Sandal a try. Both are fully outfitted with thick straps to stay
solidly on feet even while on the go, and provide comfort soles for cushion
while staying active.

The Women's Bio Feet 2 Buckle Thong and Women's Skechers USA Reggae Jammin' 2
Buckle Slide are good for hitting the city streets. Both shoes offer
construction to support and room to breathe for long walks around urban
environments.

For something a bit more fashion forward, have a look at the Brown's Landing Mae
Slide and Aerosoles Plush Around Quarter Strap. Both offer some lift at the back
with a sassy wedge heel that pairs seamlessly with a maxi skirt or sundress.
Your daytime glam will be shining with these options!

Evening chic style is all the rage with the Skechers Cali Rumblers Tangled
Slide. A wedge heel offers sophisticated support to the strappy leather body and
gives any LBD an elegant pop of sophistication. For something with a bit more
bling, check out the Madeline All of a Sudden Thong. Shining silver detail takes
date night to the max with low-maintenance glamour.

So what is there to wait for? Check out these discounted women's sandals at
supershoes.com and catch up with the season; celebrate summer in comfort and
style!

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                           Copyright 2014 Contify.com
                              All Rights Reserved


                              624 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Courier Mail (Australia)

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday
                               EscapeQLD Edition

CRUISE DEALS

BYLINE: BRAD CROUCH

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 427  words


Top End and more SEE sights from the Kimberley to Kakadu on a 15-night Top End
adventure departing on August 20, 2015 and priced from $5179 a person, twin
share. Flights to Perth from Brisbane will take guests to board the Dawn
Princess for nine nights cruising from Fremantle to Darwin with port calls in
Geraldton, Lombok (Indonesia), Broome and scenic cruising along the Kimberley
coastline. After a night's stay in Darwin, a five-night guided tour visits
Litchfield National Park, Mindil Beach Sunset Markets, Wangi Falls, Adelaide
River War Cemetery, Katherine Gorge with a cruise, Edith Falls, Kakadu National
Park, Nourlangie Falls and a safari cruise on Corroboree Billabong. A flight
from Darwin to Brisbane rounds out the trip.

Ph 1300 854 897 or see holidaysofaustralia.com.au

Two countries CONTRAST Vietnam and Cambodia on a 14-day trip including return
flights from Australia discounted by $250 to $2999 a person, twin share, valid
until January 31 for an August 27 departure. The trip includes flight from
Australia, three nights in Ho Chi Minh City, seven-night cruise aboard the
Mekong Navigator, two nights in Siem Reap, flight to Bangkok with one night's
accommodation and flight to Australia. Tours, transfers and most meals are
included. Quote ASMA250A for the discounted price.

Ph 1300 653 618 or see www.gate1travel.com.au

Dazzle and tropics BET on having some fun and sun on a cruise trip that also
takes in Las Vegas departing on August 8, 2015. The 14-night itinerary includes
a seven-night roundtrip cruise from Honolulu visiting Kahului in Maui, Hilo,
Kona and Nawiliwili in Kauai on board Norwegian Cruise Lines' Pride Of America
with its 18 dining venues, nine bars and lounges, fitness centre and spa, three
pools and hot tubs and more. Prices start from $6209 a person, twin share, and
include return airfares from Brisbane, three nights at the Westgate Las Vegas
Resort and Casino with helicopter tour, airfare from Las Vegas to Honolulu, four
nights at the Hilton Waikiki Beach in Honolulu with Pearl Harbor tour and the
seven-night cruise.

Ph 1300 369 848 or see ecruising.travel

Myanmar magic SEE the sights of Myanmar on a nine-night cruise aboard the
Irrawaddy Explorer departing Yangon on March 2, 2015.

The trip takes in the city of Pyay, Mandalay, Amarapura, Ava and the plains of
Bagan with thousands of temples and pagodas.

The package is priced from $2643 a person, twin share, for bookings made by
January 20, 2015 and includes meals, port taxes and a comprehensive sightseeing
program.Ph 1300 558 987 or see tempoholidays.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Courier-Mail


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              625 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Crain's Detroit Business
                                 Print Version

                               November 25, 2013

RUMBLINGS

SECTION: Pg. 26 Vol. 29

LENGTH: 649  words


Tigers' big deal yields bargains in jersey trade

One of the immediate financial ripple effects of the Detroit Tigers' blockbuster
trade of first baseman Prince Fielder last week to the Texas Rangers for second
baseman Ian Kinsler? Discount prices on jerseys.

The authentic No. 28 Fielder jersey in Tigers livery at Major League Baseball's
official online retail shop, shop.mlb.com, had been discounted by $43.02 and was
selling Friday for $171.97.

Kinsler's No. 5 Rangers jersey was $288.99, but had been discounted to $214.97.

The replica Fielder and Kinsler jerseys dropped to $79.97 from $99.99.

It hasn't been determined what numbers Kinsler and Fielder will wear with their
new teams, and their new jerseys won't be available until they have a number.

Both players will have new uniform numbers: Kinsler wore No. 5 for Texas, but
that number belonged to Tigers Hall of Famer Hank Greenberg and has been
retired; Fielder would have to persuade the Rangers' relief pitcher Joakim Soria
to give up his No. 28 jersey.

The players are expected to undergo physicals this week to finalize the swap.

Revenue from merchandise sales on the MLB website is split equally among all 30
teams.

WSU sets up Ben Burns scholarship fund

Ben Burns was a legend of local journalism, a former executive editor of The
Detroit News who spent two decades turning know-nothing kids into reporters as
head of the journalism program at Wayne State University.

Many of them went through the Journalism Institute for Media Diversity, which
Burns, a veteran of the days when big-city newsrooms were made up of white
males, helped found at WSU in 1984.

Burns died at his Grosse Pointe home 14 months ago of acute myeloid leukemia.

In his honor, WSU has established the Ben Burns Endowment for Journalism, which
hopes to fund multiple scholarships in his name.

Tax-deductible donations made to the endowment can be sent to the WSU Department
of Communication, 906 W. Warren Ave., 585 Manoogian Hall, Detroit, MI 48201.

News show to put spotlight on Pictures of Hope

The Pictures of Hope campaign organized by Birmingham-based celebrity
photojournalist Linda Solomon will be featured on Thanksgiving Day on TV's "Fox
and Friends."

Children ages 6-13 from homeless shelters in a dozen cities were given cameras
and photography lessons to take pictures of whatever represents their hopes and
dreams.

The photos are turned into holiday greeting cards, which the shelters sell to
raise funds. In the past, Detroit Rescue Mission Ministries has been one of the
featured shelters.

Details about the campaign are at LindaSolomon Photography.com/Pictures ofHope.

Chevrolet is underwriting the cost of the campaign.

Breakfast aimed at charter school board interest

Want to serve on a charter school board in metro Detroit, but don't have the
foggiest idea about charter school governance or finances? Look no further than
the Detroit Regional Chamber's Board Fellowship Program and its Dec. 5 "Bagels &
Boards Informational Breakfast."

The free event, from 8:30 to 10 a.m. at the Detroit Edison Public School Academy
at 3403 St. Aubin St., will feature speakers such as current charter school
leaders and board members.

The chamber is accepting registrations up until the day of the event, which is
open to both chamber and non-chamber members.

"There are a lot of folks in the business and broader community that know what
charter schools are, but not everyone understands their governance," said Greg
Handel, senior director of education and talent programs for the chamber. "It's
a good way to connect for people who don't really understand the process."

Anyone interested in serving on a board can register for a full-day orientation
that will be held on an as-of-yet undetermined date in late January.

Handel said the program started on a pilot basis, and about a dozen people have
gone through past orientations and went on to serve on charter school boards.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CD


                      Copyright 2013 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              626 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 10, 2007 Saturday

SEC formalizes KLA probe;
ACTION ALLOWS AGENCY TO ISSUE SUBPOENAS TO FORCE DISCLOSURE

BYLINE: Mark Schwanhausser and Ryan Blitstein, Mercury News

SECTION: BU; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 636 words


The Securities and Exchange Commission has elevated its probe into stock option
backdating at KLA-Tencor into a formal investigation, the company said Friday.

The San Jose maker of chip-inspection equipment, which said it learned the news
Feb. 2, has faced an informal investigation by the SEC and a separate probe by
the Justice Department since last May, when newspaper reports raised questions
about the fortunate timing of options awarded to Chairman Kenneth Levy.

Last week, KLA acknowledged in its 2006 annual report that the company
intentionally priced stock options ``retroactively,'' falsified documents and
violated its stock plan rules about issuing discounted options. The company said
that some former executives selected the ``fortuitously low'' prices, while
others were aware of the abuses.

The internal inquiry led to the ouster of Levy, a Silicon Valley pioneer,
General Counsel Stuart Nichols, and director Jon Tompkins, the former CEO of
Tencor before it merged with KLA.

The company also fired Kenneth Schroeder, a former chief executive who most
recently served as a senior adviser, and canceled all tainted options he held.
Although KLA-Tencor hasn't said so explicitly, its reports appear to blame
Schroeder for much of the options abuses. Schroeder plans to fight his firing
and the cancellation of his options, KLA-Tencor said.

A formal investigation means the SEC can issue subpoenas to force the disclosure
of information, rather than asking for information to be provided voluntarily
during an informal inquiry.

But it doesn't necessarily indicate a dramatic shift by the SEC, said Darryl P.
Rains, a partner with Morrison & Foerster in Palo Alto. For example, the SEC
might formalize an investigation in order to subpoena an uncooperative former
executive or a financial institution that can't otherwise turn over an
executive's private banking or brokerage statements.

``People often mistake it to mean it's more serious,'' Rains said. ``KLA's case
is quite serious, but I don't think it became more serious all of a sudden.''

KLA is ``cooperating fully'' with the SEC and Justice Department investigations
``and intends to continue to do so,'' it said in its quarterly report to the
SEC.

The company recently restated results from 1994 through 2005 to include $370
million in charges related to those backdated options. KLA-Tencor expects to
record up to $6 million in additional charges in coming financial periods
related to the backdating.

The SEC filing released Friday also provides details about what the company is
doing to help rank-and-file employees deal with the fallout of the backdating
scandal. The company said that all employees who got options got tainted
options.

If workers hold discounted options, the company intends to offer to reprice them
so that workers can avoid a new 20 percent tax and interest on discounted
options. In turn, it intends to pay bonuses to compensate workers for the lost
discount. It also might consider paying tax penalties that workers incur. If
workers exercised tainted options in 2006, the company intends to pay any
additional taxes they incur.

Such payments are expected to cost the company about $30 million.

The company also will compensate employees who were unable to buy discounted
stock in the employee stock purchase plan, or ESPP. The company had to suspend
the ESPP last year because it was prohibited from issuing stock while it was
behind in releasing up-to-date earnings information. KLA-Tencor began making
such payments last year, and it decided Jan. 24 to continue doing so into 2007.

KLA also disclosed that the Department of Labor is examining its 401(k) plan in
connection to the backdating, but a company spokeswoman declined to elaborate
late Friday.

Contact Mark Schwanhausser at mschwanhausser @mercurynews.com or (408) 920-5543.

LOAD-DATE: February 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              627 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                    Marion County News (Pleasantville, Iowa)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 10, 2015

MidAmerican Energy Program Makes Trees Available To Iowa Customers

BYLINE: Marion County News staff

LENGTH: 376  words


Iowa residential customers of MidAmerican Energy Company have the opportunity to
purchase high-quality trees for only $30 through the company's Plant Some
Shade(r) program.

The program promotes long-term energy and natural resource conservation through
tree planting. MidAmerican Energy provides trees at discounted prices to
customers willing to add to their property. Strategically placed deciduous trees
provide shade on hot summer days, easing the cooling load on air conditioners,
while conifers shield homes from blustery Iowa winter winds.

Order forms for the program can be found on the company's website. Customers can
purchase up to two trees -- 3-to 4-foot conifers or 5-to 8-foot landscape trees
-- for a discounted price of $30 each; the company pays for the balance of the
cost through a grant from MidAmerican Energy. A variety of shade trees,
low-growing ornamental trees and conifers are being offered. Advance purchase is
required; quantities are limited; and orders will be taken on a first-come,
first-served basis until all trees are sold.

"Encouraging residents to plant trees around their homes is an effective way to
promote energy efficiency and environmental beautification," said Tina Yoder,
MidAmerican Energy manager of energy efficiency. "Plant Some Shade trees provide
year-round protection of homes from the elements, which helps our customers save
energy and money."

Plant Some Shade events for customers to pick up their trees will be held in
Oskaloosa in late September and in Sioux City, Waukee and Des Moines in early
October.

The program is administered by the Iowa Department of Natural Resources --
Forestry Bureau and implemented by numerous local partners throughout the state.
"This is a wonderful opportunity for homeowners to purchase high-quality trees
at an excellent price," said Evan Miller, partnership coordinator with the Iowa
Department of Natural Resources. "Autumn is an ideal time to plant new trees.
The season's warm days and cool nights are perfect for establishment and root
growth."

For more information about the program, contact Evan Miller at 515-725-8455. To
order, please visit www.midamericanenergy.com/iowa_plantsomeshade and follow the
instructions provided under the Plant Some Shade heading.

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Energy

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MAR

                      Copyright 2015 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                       Copyright 2015 Marion County News


                              628 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    August 20, 1996, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION
                              Correction Appended

Cheap seats just got cheaper

BYLINE: MICHAEL PRENTICE; THE OTTAWA CITIZEN

SECTION: SPORTS; CONSUMING PASSION; Pg. C2


Half-price tickets will be offered for select games

Watching the Ottawa Senators will be a lot more affordable for a lot more people
this season -- but not when the biggest NHL attractions, like Toronto and
Montreal, visit the Corel Centre.

The Senators are offering seats at half price to about one-half of their home
games.

For eight of these games, anyone can buy a half-price ticket. For 14 of the
games, the half-price discount will only be available to youths 16 years of age
and under.

Under the greatly expanded discount plan, the cheapest seat in the Corel Centre
will be just $ 13.50. That's at the rear of the third and top tier in the
18,500-seat arena.

The Senators are offering half-price seats in the three cheapest price ranges,
all in the top tier. The seats regularly sell for $ 36, 32 and $ 27, including
all taxes. Under the discount plan, they will cost $ 18, $ 16 and $ 13.50.

More than 4,000 seats will be available to each of five preseason games and to
17 regular-season games.

That's 10 times as many seats per game as were offered last season in the
Citizen Family Zone, for which tickets cost $ 15. However, 400 seats were
available at that price for all games.

Season-ticket holders have already bought most of the 9,000 most expensive seats
in the Corel Centre. That includes the two lowest tiers and luxury suites. It
leaves almost 9,000 seats per game, mostly in the top tier.

The discount offer is an imaginative plan that recognizes the fact it's more
difficult to sell tickets to some games than to others. It should boost
attendance for less attractive games.

Few want to pay full price to watch a preseason game, which is why five
exhibition games have been discounted. Still, these include one against the
Stanley Cup-champion Colorado Avalanche, to which youths 16 and under can get in
for half price.

The 17 discounted regular-season games are not all against the worst teams in
the league. They include a Dec. 19 game against last season's Stanley Cup
runners-up, the Florida Panthers. Youths get in for half price to that game.

Also discounted is a game on New Year's Day against the Boston Bruins. That,
too, is half price for youths.

Details of the Senators' discount plan can be seen on the Senators' web site on
the Internet. The address is:

http://www.ottawasenators.com

Half-price tickets

These are the Ottawa Senators games for which half-price tickets will be
available. The seats are at the rear of the third and top tier of the Corel
Centre. These seats regularly cost $ 36, $ 32 and $ 27, including taxes. With
half-price discount, they will cost $ 18, $ 16 and $ 13.50.

Some discounted games have been designated family nights, meaning fans can buy
up to four tickets at half price. Other games have been designated youth nights,
meaning youths 16 and under can buy tickets at half price.

Here are the dates, opponents and whether discount is for everyone (family
night) or for those 16 and under (youth):

Preseason

Sept. 15. Hartford. Family.

Sept. 17. Chicago. Youth.

Sept. 21. Washington. Youth.

Sept. 28. Tampa Bay. Family.

Sept. 30. Colorado. Youth.

Regular season

Oct. 30. Los Angele. Family.

Nov. 13. Edmonton. Youth.

Nov. 19. New Jersey. Family.

Nov. 23. Hartford. Youth.

Dec. 15. Dallas. Family.

Dec. 19. Florida. Youth.

Dec. 30. Anaheim. Youth.

Jan. 1. Boston. Youth.

Jan. 6. Tampa Bay. Family.

Jan. 15. Hartford. Youth.

Jan. 27. Tampa Bay. Family.

Feb. 8. San Jose. Youth.

Feb. 16. Hartford. Family.

Feb. 28. N.Y. Islanders. Youth.

March. 20. Florida. Youth.

April 3. Washington. Youth.

April 9. Hartford. Youth.


LOAD-DATE: August 21, 1996

LENGTH: 613 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 22, 1996, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

CORRECTION:  An Ottawa Senators schedule published in the sports section Tuesday
contained incorrect information provided by the team on the its Internet web
site. The Senators' opponents in a pre-season game Sept. 30 will be Montreal
(not Colorado). The Senators' opponents Jan. 15 will be Washington (not
Hartford).


               Copyright 1996 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              629 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Daily Telegraph (Australia)

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday
                               EscapeNSW Edition

CRUISE DEALS

BYLINE: BRAD CROUCH

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 650  words


Top End and more SEE sights from the Kimberley to Kakadu on a 15-night Top End
adventure departing on August 20, 2015 and priced from $5179 a person, twin
share. Flights to Perth from Sydney will take guests to board the Dawn Princess
for nine nights cruising from Fremantle to Darwin with port calls in Geraldton,
Lombok (Indonesia), Broome and scenic cruising along the Kimberley coastline.
After a night's stay in Darwin, a five-night guided tour visits Litchfield
National Park, Mindil Beach Sunset Markets, Wangi Falls, Adelaide River War
Cemetery, Katherine Gorge with a cruise, Edith Falls, Kakadu National Park,
Nourlangie Falls and a safari cruise on Corroboree Billabong. A flight from
Darwin to Sydney rounds out the trip.

Ph 1300 854 897 or see holidaysofaustralia.com.au

Two countries CONTRAST Vietnam and Cambodia on a 14-day trip including return
flights from Australia discounted by $250 to $2999 a person, twin share, valid
until January 31 for an August 27 departure. The trip includes flight from
Australia, three nights in Ho Chi Minh City, seven-night cruise aboard the
Mekong Navigator, two nights in Siem Reap, flight to Bangkok with one night's
accommodation and flight to Australia. Tours, transfers and most meals are
included. Quote ASMA250A for the discounted price.

Ph 1300 653 618 or see www.gate1travel.com.au

Dazzle and tropics BET on having some fun and sun on a cruise trip that also
takes in Las Vegas departing on August 8, 2015. The 14-night itinerary includes
a seven-night roundtrip cruise from Honolulu visiting Kahului in Maui, Hilo,
Kona and Nawiliwili in Kauai on board Norwegian Cruise Lines' Pride Of America
with its 18 dining venues, nine bars and lounges, fitness centre and spa, three
pools and hot tubs and more. Prices start from $6209 a person, twin share, and
include return airfares from Sydney , three nights at the Westgate Las Vegas
Resort and Casino with helicopter tour, airfare from Las Vegas to Honolulu, four
nights at the Hilton Waikiki Beach in Honolulu with Pearl Harbor tour and the
seven-night cruise.

Ph 1300 369 848 or see ecruising.travel

Myanmar magic SEE the sights of Myanmar on a nine-night cruise aboard the
Irrawaddy Explorer departing Yangon on March 2, 2015. The trip takes in the city
of Pyay, Mandalay, Amarapura, Ava and the plains of Bagan with thousands of
temples and pagodas. The package is priced from $2643 a person, twin share, for
bookings made by January 20, 2015 and includes meals, port taxes and more.

Ph 1300 558 987 or see tempoholidays.com

French flavours APT has announced plans to introduce Bordeaux as a destination
to its already popular and expanding French river cruising program in 2016. The
luxury river cruise operator plans to relocate its 74-suite AmaDolce from its
existing base on the Danube to the Garonne and Dordogne rivers in southwestern
France in early 2016 to deliver a series of cruises that focus on the rich
cultural, wine and gourmet heritage of the region. Details will be revealed in
APT's forthcoming Europe River Cruising 2016 preview brochure.

Ph 1300 196 420 or see aptouring.com.au

Cool trip to Great Wall CRAM plenty into a month on a trip taking in glaciers
and the Great Wall. Departing on September 1, 2015, the holiday starts with a
flight from Sydney to Canada, an overnight stay in Vancouver then a seven-night
Inside Passage cruise visiting Tracy Arm Fjord, Juneau, Skagway, Ketchikan and
Glacier Bay aboard Holland America Line's Volendam. After two more nights in
Vancouver with tours, board Celebrity Millennium for a 16-night cruise to
Shanghai calling at Dutch Harbour, Yokohama, Kobe and Miyazaki. From Shanghai,
fly to Beijing for four nights with tours including the Great Wall, Ming Tombs
and Forbidden City before flying back to Australia. The 30-night package is
priced from $6999 a person, twin share, valid until January 31, 2015.See
worldwidecruisecentres.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: The Telegraph


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              630 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Herald Sun (Australia)

                            January 11, 2015 Sunday
                               EscapeVIC Edition

CRUISE DEALS

BYLINE: BRAD CROUCH

SECTION: ESCAPE; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 648  words


Top End and more SEE sights from the Kimberley to Kakadu on a 15-night Top End
adventure departing on August 20, 2015 and priced from $5179 a person, twin
share. Flights to Perth from Melbourne will take guests to board the Dawn
Princess for nine nights cruising from Fremantle to Darwin with port calls in
Geraldton, Lombok (Indonesia), Broome and scenic cruising along the Kimberley
coastline. After a night's stay in Darwin, a five-night guided tour visits
Litchfield National Park, Mindil Beach Sunset Markets, Wangi Falls, Adelaide
River War Cemetery, Katherine Gorge with a cruise, Edith Falls, Kakadu National
Park, Nourlangie Falls and a safari cruise on Corroboree Billabong. A flight
from Darwin to Melbourne rounds out the trip.

Ph 1300 854 897 or see holidaysofaustralia.com.au

Two countries CONTRAST Vietnam and Cambodia on a 14-day trip including return
flights from Australia discounted by $250 to $2999 a person, twin share, valid
until January 31 for an August 27 departure. The trip includes flight from
Australia, three nights in Ho Chi Minh City, seven-night cruise aboard the
Mekong Navigator, two nights in Siem Reap, flight to Bangkok with one night's
accommodation and flight to Australia. Tours, transfers and most meals are
included. Quote ASMA250A for the discounted price.

Ph 1300 653 618 or see www.gate1travel.com.au

Dazzle and tropics BET on having some fun and sun on a cruise trip that also
takes in Las Vegas departing on August 8, 2015. The 14-night itinerary includes
a seven-night roundtrip cruise from Honolulu visiting Kahului in Maui, Hilo,
Kona and Nawiliwili in Kauai on Norwegian Cruise Lines' Pride Of America with
its 18 dining venues, nine bars and lounges, fitness centre and spa, three pools
and more. Prices start from $6209 a person, twin share, and include return
airfares from Melbourne, three nights at the Westgate Las Vegas Resort and
Casino with helicopter tour, airfare from Las Vegas to Honolulu, four nights at
the Hilton Waikiki Beach in Honolulu with Pearl Harbor tour and the seven-night
cruise.

Ph 1300 369 848 or see ecruising.travel

Myanmar magic SEE the sights of Myanmar on a nine-night cruise aboard the
Irrawaddy Explorer departing Yangon on March 2, 2015. The trip takes in the city
of Pyay, Mandalay, Amarapura, Ava and the plains of Bagan with thousands of
temples and pagodas. The package is priced from $2643 a person, twin share, for
bookings made by January 20, 2015 and includes meals, port taxes and more.

Ph 1300 558 987 or see tempoholidays.com

French flavours APT has announced plans to introduce Bordeaux as a destination
to its already popular and expanding French river cruising program in 2016. The
luxury river cruise operator plans to relocate its 74-suite AmaDolce from its
existing base on the Danube to the Garonne and Dordogne rivers in southwestern
France in early 2016 to deliver a series of cruises that focus on the rich
cultural, wine and gourmet heritage of the region. Details will be revealed in
APT's forthcoming Europe River Cruising 2016 preview brochure.

Ph 1300 196 420 or see aptouring.com.au

Cool trip to Great Wall CRAM plenty into a month on a trip taking in glaciers
and the Great Wall. Departing on September 1, 2015, the holiday starts with a
flight from Melbourne to Canada, an overnight stay in Vancouver then a
seven-night Inside Passage cruise visiting Tracy Arm Fjord, Juneau, Skagway,
Ketchikan and Glacier Bay aboard Holland America Line's Volendam. After two more
nights in Vancouver with tours, board Celebrity Millennium for a 16-night cruise
to Shanghai calling at Dutch Harbour, Yokohama, Kobe and Miyazaki. From
Shanghai, fly to Beijing for four nights with tours including the Great Wall,
Ming Tombs and Forbidden City before flying back to Australia. The 30-night
package is priced from $6999 a person, twin share, valid until January 31,
2015.See worldwidecruisecentres.com.au

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: Herald Sun


                   Copyright 2015 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              631 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The News Herald (Panama City, Florida)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 27, 2009 Thursday

Bay Town Trolley fare holds steady

BYLINE: Will Hobson, The News Herald, Panama City, Fla.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 399 words


Aug. 27--PANAMA CITY, Fla. -- Bay Town Trolley fares are staying the same.

The Bay County Transportation Planning Organization voted Wednesday to endorse
the current fare structure: $1.25 for a regular fare, $3 for a day pass, and $20
for a monthly pass.

The trolley offers a 60-cent fare for seniors, students and people with
disabilities. Two trolley riders asked the TPO in June to consider discounted
monthly or yearly passes for the disabled.

Rob Mahan of the West Florida Planning Council spoke on behalf of the current
fares. AlthoughtheFederalTransitAdministration requires that transit systems
receiving federal funds offer half-priced fares to seniors and the disabled,
Mahan said, that applies only to cash fares for one ride. The FTA does not
mandate discounted passes.

Mahan did note that 23 of the 28 transit agencies in Florida offer discounted
passes. For the trolley to do that, Mahan said, either the municipal
contribution to the trolley or the services offered would have to change.

"We will either have to reduce service or ask for more money from the local
municipalities," Mahan said.

The trolley has asked municipalities for $202,603 this year, after asking for
$169,495 last year. That money is used to draw state match grants, and has been
instrumental in funding expanded hours and Saturday service, according to
trolley officials.

TPO board members asked what the trolley would have to charge riders to
eliminate the need for municipal assistance, and Mahan estimated a fare of $3
per ride.

"There's no public transit system in the world that pays for itself," Mahan
said.

His stance was supported by former Regions Bank president Rick Dye.

"The trolley is a valuable economic tool. It gets people to work and keeps them
off the streets. To constantly try to make it pay for itself, in my opinion, is
not fair," said Dye, who led the nonprofit which funded the Pier Park Express
last summer, the discounted route from the Walmart Supercenter to Pier Park.

To see more of The News Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsherald.com. Copyright (c) 2009, The News Herald, Panama City,
Fla. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints, email
tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax
to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave.,
Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20090827-PY-Bay-Town-Trolley-fare-holds-steady-0827

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PY


                         Copyright 2009 The News Herald


                              632 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Mortgage Servicing News

                                  August 2010

Investment Manager Seizes Opportunities in Distressed

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 27 Vol. 14 No. 8

LENGTH: 354  words


In order to capitalize on the distressed commercial real estate market, Marathon
Asset Management in New York acquired two commercial real estate investments
that emanate from its debt operations.

Marathon, an investment manager whose core focus is credit investing, acquired a
defaulted note, sourced directly from a regional U.S. commercial bank,
collateralized by a St. Petersburg, Fla., residential condominium/rental
project. As a result of the purchase, Marathon expects to negotiate a settlement
with the borrower or assume control of the project.

"It is consistent with our strategy of working with lenders to acquire
nonperforming distressed debt on high-quality real estate located in major
metropolitan areas," said Ron Bernstein, co-head of Marathon Real Estate.

Marathon also originated a $24 million senior mortgage secured by a 386-room,
13-story full-service hotel in New York. Proceeds of the loan were used to
effectuate a discounted pay-off of the existing senior mortgage from a
third-party lender.

"The hotel borrower had the opportunity to take advantage of an attractive,
discounted pay-off opportunity, but needed to obtain the required funds in less
than a month," said Scott Schwartz, co-head of Marathon Real Estate.

"By working with the borrower to reliably structure and execute loans under
tight time constraints in a manner that fit its needs, Marathon provided a new
money lending solution that was accretive for this borrower."

In another commercial development, CapitalSource Inc., Chevy Chase, Md.,
completed the sale of 40 long-term care facilities to Omega Healthcare Investors
Inc. in accordance with the terms of the agreement between the parties executed
in November 2009.

At the closing, CapitalSource received net proceeds from Omega of $270 million,
which included the assumption of $182 million of Department of Housing and Urban
Development mortgages and $20 million of other debt, net cash proceeds of $65
million and $3 million of Omega common stock. In addition, CapitalSource
received $15 million of Omega common stock as consideration for certain escrow
amounts transferred at closing.

URL: http://www.mortgageservicingnews.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newsletter

JOURNAL-CODE: MSN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              633 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             National Mortgage News

                                 July 12, 2010

Marathon Acquires Defaulted Note

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 25 Vol. 34 No. 40

LENGTH: 356  words


In order to capitalize on the distressed commercial real estate market, Marathon
Asset Management in New York acquired two commercial real estate investments
that emanate from its debt operations.

Marathon, an investment manager whose core focus is credit investing, acquired a
defaulted note, sourced directly from a regional U.S. commercial bank,
collateralized by a St. Petersburg, Fla., residential condominium/rental
project. As a result of the purchase, Marathon expects to negotiate a settlement
with the borrower or otherwise assume control of the project.

"It is consistent with our strategy of working with lenders to acquire
nonperforming distressed debt on high-quality real estate located in major
metropolitan areas," said Ron Bernstein, co-head of Marathon Real Estate.

Marathon also originated a $24 million senior mortgage secured by a 386-room,
13-story full-service hotel in New York. Proceeds of the loan were used to
effectuate a discounted pay-off of the existing senior mortgage from a
third-party lender.

"The hotel borrower had the opportunity to take advantage of an attractive,
discounted pay-off opportunity, but needed to obtain the required funds in less
than a month," said Scott Schwartz, co-head of Marathon Real Estate.

"By working with the borrower to reliably structure and execute loans under
tight time constraints in a manner that fit its needs, Marathon provided a new
money lending solution that was accretive for this borrower."

In another commercial development, CapitalSource Inc., Chevy Chase, Md.,
completed the sale of 40 long-term care facilities to Omega Healthcare Investors
Inc. in accordance with the terms of the agreement between the parties executed
in November 2009.

At the closing, CapitalSource received net proceeds from Omega of $270 million,
which included the assumption of $182 million of Department of Housing and Urban
Development mortgages and $20 million of other debt, net cash proceeds of $65
million and $3 million of Omega common stock.

In addition, CapitalSource received $15 million of Omega common stock as
consideration for certain escrow amounts transferred at closing.

URL: http://www.nationalmortgagenews.com//

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NMN


                        Copyright 2010 SourceMedia, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              634 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                            January 15, 2013 Tuesday

Disney parks begin practice to combat ticket renting

BYLINE: Sarah Tully Register writer, The Orange County Register

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. B

LENGTH: 245 words

DATELINE: ANAHEIM



HIGHLIGHT: Multiday pass holders screened through digital photo system.


 Disney parks are testing out a new way to crack down on businesses that rent
out discounted, multiday tickets by the day - a practice that violates company
policy.

On Jan. 8, the parks began the practice of taking digital pictures of visitors
using multiday passes and putting the pictures in computers. That way, Disney
employers can check the pictures against the tickets as those visitors enter
Disneyland or Disney California Adventure.

Children and adults are photographed. The photos are erased when the tickets
expire.

Suzi Brown, a Disneyland Resort spokeswoman, said the parks are testing out the
practice as a way to prevent businesses from renting out multiday passes by the
day at discounted rates.

Disneyland Resort sells one-day tickets for those ages 10 and up that allow
visitors to go to both parks on the same day for $125 each.

Longer-term tickets are sold at a lower per-day rate, such as five-day passes
for $290, or $58 a day. Off-site businesses would get the multiday tickets and
rent them for $90 to $99 a day.

The practice was legal but violated Disney's policy, which states that Disney's
tickets are nontransferable and must be used by the same person each day.

Until last fall, Disney would only check identification sporadically, so most
visitors using those discounted passes got away with it.

Brown said the picture-taking is the same process that Disney has used for
annual pass holders, whose photos also are checked as they enter the park.

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: A man advertises discounted tickets at Ball Road and Disneyland Drive
last year. Disney is cracking down on businesses that rent out discounted
multiday passes.

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              635 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                            August 2, 2008 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

End near in Stop & Shop lawsuit;
Whole Foods settlement talks near conclusion

BYLINE: STEVE ADAMS, The Patriot Ledger

SECTION: Business; pg. ONE19

LENGTH: 308 words


Settlement talks have begun in a trademark infringement lawsuit filed by Stop &
Shop Supermarket Co. against Whole Foods Market after the natural foods chain
began using the phrase "Real Deal" in a promotion.

Attorneys for both companies this past week asked that the deadline for Whole
Foods' response to Stop & Shop's suit be extended until Aug. 8 because
settlement talks may eliminate the need for any further action by the court.

Quincy-based Stop & Shop and its sibling chain, Giant Food, this spring
developed a discount promotion using the phrase "Real Deal" to highlight
products that are discounted or can be purchased to earn points for free milk
and gasoline. The campaign began May 30 and was being used in all Stop & Shop
and Giant stores by June 4, Stop & Shop said in its suit.

Austin, Texas-based Whole Foods launched a new marketing campaign on June 17
that uses the phrase "The Real Deal" on a blog and in a quarterly circular.
Discounted items are identified on the shelves with "Real Steal" signs. Stop &
Shop filed its suit in U.S. District Court in Boston on July 22, claiming
trademark infringement.

Stop & Shop's lawyers claim that the use of "The Real Deal" and "Real Steal"
phrases is virtually identical to Stop & Shop's and Giant's use of its "Real
Deal" trademark, and is likely to confuse consumers.

Stop & Shop, in its suit, says Whole Foods is attempting to capitalize on Stop &
Shop's reputation for value as Whole Foods "tries to shed its longstanding
reputation for high prices that has earned it the nickname 'Whole Paycheck.'"

Whole Foods appears to be feeling the effects of the economic slowdown, with
second-quarter earnings down 13 percent. This summer, it launched a "Value
Tours" campaign including guided walk-throughs of stores which give shoppers
money-saving tips.

Steve Adams may be reached at sadams@ledger.com

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Patriot Ledger


                              636 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

USPTO Published Patent application of 4IMPRINT, INC titled as "METHOD, SYSTEM
AND SOFTWARE PRODUCT FOR PROVIDING DISCOUNTED PRICING"

LENGTH: 249  words

DATELINE: ALEXANDRIA, Va


United States Patent and Trademark Office has received an application no.
20140358658, published on December 04, 2014, by 4IMPRINT, INC, titled as
"METHOD, SYSTEM AND SOFTWARE PRODUCT FOR PROVIDING DISCOUNTED PRICING" for the
registration of patent.

Inventors:  Lyons-Tarr; Kevin; (Neenah, WI) ; Morton; Richard J.; (Oshkosh, WI)
Assignee:       4IMPRINT, INC
Oshkosh
WI
US

According to the abstract released by the U.S. Patent & Trademark Office: "A
computer implemented method and a computer program product allow a retailer to
provide a discounted price for a product by electronically offering a product
for sale to a buyer; using a computer to display the product to the buyer on a
user interface, the display comprising a product detail page; displaying on the
product detail page the original full price of the product, the discounted
outlet price of the product and the percentage off amount for that product;
displaying a screen indicia to the buyer; inviting the buyer to use the screen
indicia to open a virtual negotiation panel on the display; inviting the buyer
to enter a quantity of products that the buyer wants to buy and the per product
price that the buyer is willing to pay; and using the computer to calculate the
lowest price per product that the retailer will accept for the product."

The Patent was filed on June 3, 2014 under application No. 20140358658

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              637 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Discounted cab rides offered for St. Paddy's drinkers

BYLINE: The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 157 words


March 17--St. Patrick's Day revelers do not have to rely on lucky shamrocks to
get home safely Thursday night.

The Santa Fe County DWI Program is offering $5 cab rides home from 5:30 p.m.
Thursday to 2 a.m. Friday. The same deal is available within the city of Santa
Fe on Friday and Saturday.

The number to call is 505-438-0000.

Drivers from Capital City Cab will transport adults from a bar, restaurant or
party to their residence.

The National Highway Traffic Safety Administration says more than a quarter of
fatal motor vehicle crashes during the 2014 St. Patrick's Day holiday period
involved drunken drivers.

Across the country between 2010 and 2014, a news release said, 266 people were
killed in crashes involving drunken drivers during the St. Patrick's Day
holiday.

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160317-SF-BRF-Discounted
-cab-rides-offered-for-St-Paddy-s-drinkers-0317-20160317

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              638 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Colorado Daily, Boulder

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 6, 2012 Monday

BRIEF: Comedian Eddie Izzard to preform at Macky Auditorium in October

BYLINE: Whitney Bryen, Colorado Daily, Boulder

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 143 words


Aug. 06--Discounted tickets went on sale today for University of Colorado
students to see Emmy winning comedian Eddie Izzard at Macky Auditorium on Oct.
13.

There are a limited number of the discounted, student-only tickets priced at
$30. Tickets will go on sale to the public on Saturday for $35. Tickets are
available at macky.colorado.edu.

The celebrated comedian will preform his stand-up routine at the campus
auditorium before his 2012-2013 world tour, "Force Majeure." The show is
sponsored by Boulder's Amplitude Entertainment and CU's Gay, Lesbian, Bisexual,
Transgender, Queer Resource Center and Gay-Straight Alliance.

The English comedian, actor and writer visited Denver's Paramount Theatre in
2008.

___ (c)2012 the Colorado Daily (Boulder, Colo.) Visit the Colorado Daily
(Boulder, Colo.) at www.coloradodaily.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120806-1BO-BRF-Comedian-Eddie-Izzard-to-preform-at-Macky-Auditorium-in-October
-0806-20120806

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1BO


                         Copyright 2012 Colorado Daily


                              639 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Daily Deal/The Deal

                           February 14, 2008 Thursday

Delphi exit financing in jeopardy

BYLINE: by Lou Whiteman

SECTION: BANKRUPTCY; Private Equity

LENGTH: 597 words



HIGHLIGHT: The auto parts maker's lenders are having difficulty syndicating the
loans for the exit.


Delphi Corp.'s plan to emerge from bankruptcy could be in danger as turbulence
in the credit markets has left banks unable to raise the $6.1 billion needed to
fund the auto parts maker's reorganization.

Delphi lenders J.P. Morgan Chase & Co. and Citigroup Global Markets Inc. are
finding it difficult to syndicate the loans for the exit, according to a report
on The Wall Street Journal's Web site. Would-be buyers of the debt are
reportedly complaining that the loans are not priced for the risk, the report
said.

Troy, Mich.-based Delphi filed for Chapter 11 protection in October 2005 at the
U.S. Bankruptcy Court for the Southern District of Manhattan. In late January,
the company won court approval for a reorganization backed by a $2.55 billion
investment led by Appaloosa Management LP, Harbert Management Corp.'s Harbinger
Capital Partners Master Fund I Ltd., Merrill Lynch & Co., UBS Securities LLC,
Goldman, Sachs & Co. and Pardus Capital Management LP.

Industry sources predicted when the plan was approved, however, that Delphi
still faced a daunting task in getting its exit financing package syndicated.

The credit troubles may not sink the plan entirely, but the company could be
forced to find other sources of financing. General Motors Corp., Delphi's former
parent and largest customer, could be asked to step in and provide the capital
needed for Delphi to exit, according to the report.

A rescue by GM could create issues both for the automaker, which is trying to
preserve cash resources to fund its own out-of-court restructuring, but if
Delphi turns to GM, it would likely face criticism from shareholders that it is
still too reliant on its former parent.

The Journal report quoted GM CFO Fritz Henderson as saying the company is
exploring options in the event that Delphi is unable to raise funding as
planned.

Under Delphi's plan, the company will carry out two rights offerings: a discount
rights offering in which subscribers will get to buy Delphi stock at a
discounted value ($38.39 per share, a 35.6% discount), and a par value rights
offering in which subscribers will get to purchase Delphi stock at the plan's
equity value, which is $59.61 per share.

Delphi's general unsecured creditors will receive new common stock and discount
rights equal to 100% of their allowed claims. The unsecureds would get 77.3% of
their claims through new common stock distributed at plan value, while the
remaining 22.7% will be recouped through the pro-rata share of participation in
a discounted rights offering.

GM will get $1.07 billion in junior preferred securities and about $1.5 billion
through cash and a second-lien note. The cash portion will be worth at least
$750 million, filings show.

Holders of Section 510(b) note claims will receive an allowed claim of $179
million that will be satisfied through an issue of new common stock at plan
value as well as participation in the discounted rights offering.

Delphi's common stockholders will get a pro-rata share of 469,720 shares of new
common stock at plan value, six-month warrants to purchase another $1 billion in
common stock at a 9% premium to the plan's value and seven-year warrants to
purchase about 6.9 million shares of new common stock at a 20.7% premium to the
plan's value.

They also receive 10-year warrants to purchase 2.82 million shares of new common
stock at the plan's value and nontransferable par value rights to purchase up to
21.68 million shares of new common stock at the plan's value.

That treatment has resulted in a $348 million payout for shareholders.

-- Ben Fidler contributed to this report.

URL: http://www.TheDeal.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Publication


                        Copyright 2008 The Deal, L.L.C.


                              640 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

EIU Hall of Fame Tickets Now On Sale

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: New York



 Chicago: Northeastern Illinois University has issued the following news
release:



  Tickets are now on sale for this year's Eastern Illinois Athletic Hall of Fame
Banquet set to take place on Saturday, October 8.   The luncheon will take place
at 12 pm in the Grand Ball Room of the MLK Union on campus.





 Tickets for the luncheon are $20 per person and can be purchased by phone by
calling the EIU Ticket office at 217-581-2106 or by downloading and returning
the online order form at www.eiupanthers.com



 The Hall of Fame football game will be that evening at 6 pm against Tennessee
State followed by a fireworks show.  Tickets for the football game are $20 per
person.



 Individuals wishing to attend both the luncheon and football game may purchase
a combination package at a discounted rate of $32 per person.



 Discounted tickets for children (ages 4-11) for both the football game and
luncheon are also available.  Game tickets are $5 per child, while luncheon
tickets are $10 per person.



 Tickets for this year's Hall of Fame Banquet must be ordered by Friday,
September 30.  Any ticket/banquet ticket orders returned prior to Sept. 20 will
be mailed.  All other orders will be available for pick-up at the banquet or
football game.



 The 2016 EIU Athletic Hall of Fame Class includes Jeff Christensen (football),
Brett Nommensen (baseball), Sandyn Short Connolly, Gabe Spezia (track) and Dr.
Gail Richard (administrator).



 In addition to the Hall of Fame Banquet and football game, EIU volleyball will
play at home that afternoon at 1:30 pm against Murray State.  Admission to the
volleyball match is free.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              641 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

EIU Hall of Fame Tickets Now On Sale

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: New York



 Chicago: Northeastern Illinois University has issued the following news
release:



  Tickets are now on sale for this year's Eastern Illinois Athletic Hall of Fame
Banquet set to take place on Saturday, October 8.   The luncheon will take place
at 12 pm in the Grand Ball Room of the MLK Union on campus.





 Tickets for the luncheon are $20 per person and can be purchased by phone by
calling the EIU Ticket office at 217-581-2106 or by downloading and returning
the online order form at www.eiupanthers.com



 The Hall of Fame football game will be that evening at 6 pm against Tennessee
State followed by a fireworks show.  Tickets for the football game are $20 per
person.



 Individuals wishing to attend both the luncheon and football game may purchase
a combination package at a discounted rate of $32 per person.



 Discounted tickets for children (ages 4-11) for both the football game and
luncheon are also available.  Game tickets are $5 per child, while luncheon
tickets are $10 per person.



 Tickets for this year's Hall of Fame Banquet must be ordered by Friday,
September 30.  Any ticket/banquet ticket orders returned prior to Sept. 20 will
be mailed.  All other orders will be available for pick-up at the banquet or
football game.



 The 2016 EIU Athletic Hall of Fame Class includes Jeff Christensen (football),
Brett Nommensen (baseball), Sandyn Short Connolly, Gabe Spezia (track) and Dr.
Gail Richard (administrator).



 In addition to the Hall of Fame Banquet and football game, EIU volleyball will
play at home that afternoon at 1:30 pm against Murray State.  Admission to the
volleyball match is free.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              642 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2016 Monday

EIU Hall of Fame Tickets Now On Sale

LENGTH: 290  words

DATELINE: New York



 Chicago: Northeastern Illinois University has issued the following news
release:



  Tickets are now on sale for this year's Eastern Illinois Athletic Hall of Fame
Banquet set to take place on Saturday, October 8.   The luncheon will take place
at 12 pm in the Grand Ball Room of the MLK Union on campus.





 Tickets for the luncheon are $20 per person and can be purchased by phone by
calling the EIU Ticket office at 217-581-2106 or by downloading and returning
the online order form at www.eiupanthers.com



 The Hall of Fame football game will be that evening at 6 pm against Tennessee
State followed by a fireworks show.  Tickets for the football game are $20 per
person.



 Individuals wishing to attend both the luncheon and football game may purchase
a combination package at a discounted rate of $32 per person.



 Discounted tickets for children (ages 4-11) for both the football game and
luncheon are also available.  Game tickets are $5 per child, while luncheon
tickets are $10 per person.



 Tickets for this year's Hall of Fame Banquet must be ordered by Friday,
September 30.  Any ticket/banquet ticket orders returned prior to Sept. 20 will
be mailed.  All other orders will be available for pick-up at the banquet or
football game.



 The 2016 EIU Athletic Hall of Fame Class includes Jeff Christensen (football),
Brett Nommensen (baseball), Sandyn Short Connolly, Gabe Spezia (track) and Dr.
Gail Richard (administrator).



 In addition to the Hall of Fame Banquet and football game, EIU volleyball will
play at home that afternoon at 1:30 pm against Murray State.  Admission to the
volleyball match is free.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              643 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                              March 6, 2016 Sunday

Oklahoma DHS wants to downsize hundreds of workers while paying millions to
consultants

BYLINE: By Randy Ellis Staff Writer rellis@oklahoman.com

SECTION:

LENGTH: 1631 words


The Oklahoma Department of Human Services has paid out more than $5.6 million
over the past four years to a New Jersey-based consulting group that includes
three experts paid $315 an hour to oversee reforms to the state's troubled child
welfare system.Taxpayer funded payments to Public Catalyst - which average more
than $100,000 a month - continue at a time when DHS has offered voluntary
buyouts to more than 400 employees as agency officials seek to make tens of
millions of dollars in spending cuts over the next 16 months because of
declining state revenues.The three out-of-state experts were appointed by a
Tulsa federal judge to recommend and monitor reforms that were agreed upon as
part of a settlement to a class-action lawsuit that focused on the horrific
abuse of some children in state care.The experts, sometimes called co-neutrals,
aren't the only ones being paid under the Public Catalyst contract. Their
partners, associates, support staff and consultants also have been paid hourly
rates ranging from $67 to $315, public records reveal.Many of those individuals
also have been reimbursed for travel expenses associated with frequent trips to
Oklahoma City, where they sometimes stayed at hotels that cost more than $200 a
night and collected reimbursements for meals that occasionally cost more than
$30 per person.Of the $5,627,818 spent under the first 47 months of the Public
Catalyst contract, $4,960,353 went to cover professional service fees, $278,222
for travel, $383,326 for consultant fees and $5,917 for other expenses.Children
better off?

But the most critical question is this: Are Oklahoma children better off for the
state having spent that money?DHS officials say "yes," even though early
statistical evidence would appear to point to a different conclusion.In 2011,
the year before the co-neutrals were appointed, the Oklahoma Department of Human
Services reported to the federal government that 0.48 percent of children had
experienced maltreatment while in state care.That statistic has gone in the
wrong direction under the three experts' oversight, rising to 0.89 percent in
2012, 1.19 percent in 2013, and 1.27 percent in 2014, the last year for which
complete statistics are available.In response to written questions, the three
experts said it would be incorrect to conclude that the maltreatment of Oklahoma
children in state care had more than doubled under their watch.Before the
oversight period began, DHS was only reporting to the federal government
instances of abuse and neglect that had occurred in family settings that were
investigated by Child Protective Services. However, beginning in federal fiscal
year 2013, DHS began also including instances of abuse and neglect in
institutional settings that had been investigated by the DHS Office of Client
Advocacy. That increased the numbers, they said.The co-neutrals said the only
Oklahoma maltreatment number they consider to be "verified and accurate" is the
1.27 percent maltreatment rate reported in federal fiscal year 2014, because
that's the only one that was independently monitored and verified. DHS reported
206 substantiated instances of children being maltreated out of 16,272 children
in state care that year.Maltreatment rate&nbsp;That maltreatment rate is dismal.
It is nearly four times the national standard of 0.32 that was met by more than
62 percent of reporting states. The only state with a worse rate was Colorado,
which reported a maltreatment rate of 1.42 percent.DHS officials contend it is
not meaningful to try to compare states because different states have different
criteria for what constitutes abuse that should be reported. Oklahoma has a
broader definition of abuse and neglect than most, they say.They also insist it
would be wrong to blame the three expert consultants for the high rates of abuse
during the first three years under their oversight.The real problem is the
number of Oklahoma children in out-of-home care soared from 7,911 at the end of
state fiscal year 2011 to 11,301 at the end of fiscal 2014, overloading social
workers and overwhelming the state's ability to provide quality foster homes,
said Sheree Powell, DHS spokeswoman.Powell said a lot of the co-neutral's work
during the early years of the contract focused on how DHS investigated and
collected data and developing ways to measure progress.However, in late 2014 and
early 2015 they began zeroing in on understanding why maltreatment in care was
continuing and helping the staff develop specific strategies to address the
problem, she said.'Dramatic drop'Even though it doesn't yet show up in federal
reports, Powell said preliminary data indicates the rate of maltreatment of
Oklahoma children in state care declined every quarter during calendar year
2015, with a "dramatic drop" between the first quarter and the last one.Marcia
Robinson Lowry, one of the attorneys who sued DHS over the conditions of its
child welfare system, likewise defended the co-neutrals' work to date."The role
of the co-neutrals has been and continues to be absolutely critical to the
state's ability to do a better job in protecting Oklahoma's children," she said.
"Unfortunately, it takes time to turn around a deeply ingrained system that has
been so damaging to children, and in violation of constitutional standards, for
so long.... Reforms got off to a slow start, partly because so much of the
system's data was misleading or incorrect and because there were too few
services for children.""Already the state has ended the placement of babies and
young children in public shelters and increased the number of caseworkers so
they can do a better job of protecting children," she said.Co-neutrals
beneficialPowell said the money spent on the co-neutrals' contract to date would
have been enough to hire 20 caseworkers and 4 supervisors over the four-year
period, but leaders at DHS believe the work accomplished by the co-neutrals has
been more beneficial.Although oversight by the consultants has been expensive,
it hasn't been as expensive as it could have been, records reveal.At times, the
three experts have elected not to bill the state for a portion of some of their
more costly travel expenses.For example, when consultant Kathleen Noonan paid
$365.92 to spend one night at The Skirvin Hilton in April 2012, she billed the
state a discounted amount of $211.99.The consultants said they asked for $211.99
in reimbursement because the two other expert consultants were able to find
rooms in the Skirvin that night at that lower rate, with taxes included.The
co-neutrals "personally absorbed the difference," they said.While a review of
records revealed several instances in which the consultants billed the state for
rooms in the Skirvin and Renaissance Hotels that cost more than $200 a night, it
also revealed numerous instances in which the consultants billed for rooms at
those hotels and others that cost substantially less."In the interest of
providing your readers a fair and balanced report, we expect you will note that
the co-neutrals and their staff had 215 stays in Oklahoma from 2012-2015," they
said in their written statement. "The average nightly rate for these stays was
$156.49/night and the median nightly rate from 2012-2015 was $159.00/night."Lot
of factorsThey said they took a lot of factors into consideration in selecting
hotels, including overall cost; whether discounted or complimentary meals and
discounted or complimentary internet access were included in the rate;
availability of a discounted government contractor rate; nearness to meeting
locations; room availability for themselves and their staff; availability of
complimentary or discounted meeting space; and on-site food availability.The
co-neutrals, staff members and consultants usually ate meals that ranged from $5
to $20, but sometimes splurged on meals that cost a lot more. On splurge meals,
the co-neutrals typically discounted the amount they billed the state.For
example, when four individuals spent $232.91 dining at The Mantel in June 2012,
they billed the state a discounted amount of $140, which amounted to $35 per
person.And when three persons spent $124.04 on dinner at the Flint Restaurant in
the Colcord Hotel in April 2013, they chose to bill the state $84.04.In both
instances and several similar ones "the balance was personally absorbed by the
co-neutrals," they said.Limousines not usedThe co-neutrals billed the state for
numerous payments to limousine service companies, but said all the payments were
for car service and no actual limousines were used."The co-neutrals have never
requested or taken a limousine in connection with any Oklahoma business," they
said.Some of the more expensive payments for car service were actually efforts
to save the state money, they said.For example, the state reimbursed co-neutral
Kathleen Noonan for four payments of $329.93 each that she made to Gallant
Knight Limousine in April 2012."These trips occurred between Ms. Noonan's home
in Madison, Wisc., and Chicago-O'Hare airport," the co-neutrals said. "The car
service was less expensive than booking a flight for Ms. Noonan from Madison to
Chicago on the departure side of the trips," they said. "The car service was
also less expensive than booking an overnight hotel in Chicago followed by a
flight to Madison the following day on the returning side of the
trips."Co-neutral Ryan once billed the state for a $58.90 tip that was included
in a $188.78 payment to Arrow Limousine Worldwide in New Jersey in May 2013. The
co-neutrals said Ryan had to call that car service to obtain a ride late on a
Sunday after another car service failed to show up as scheduled to drive him to
the airport. A surcharge was added to the gratuity because of the late notice,
the co-neutrals said.

LOAD-DATE: March 9, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              644 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             WXIN-TV (Indianapolis)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 3, 2012 Tuesday

Clinics offer discounted testing after warm winter raises heartworm risk

BYLINE: Ann Keil, WXIN-TV, Indianapolis

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


April 03--Indianapolis' warm winter is expected to create a larger mosquito
population that may raise the risk of unprotected pets getting heartworms. For
that reason, several area clinics are discounting heartworm testing.

"We found out that we were three weeks late on our heartworm [medicine]. We ran
out," said Joel Cole, who was inside the Humane Society of Indianapolis' clinic
on Tuesday afternoon with his Australian Shepherd, who he said is more like his
child.

The clinic has been filling up with pet owners and their four-legged friends. On
Tuesdays this month, heartworm testing has been reduced by half. Testing is now
$10.

"We're expecting to see more incidences of heartworm-positive dogs because of
the warmer winter," said Jessica Lifford, Vaccine Clinic Manager.

When the heartworms have matured inside an animal, they damage blood vessles and
reduce the heart's pumping ability which can prove deadly.

Several dogs that are inside the adoption area are looking for forever homes and
medical donations. They are heartworm positive, and Lifford said the medication
can be difficult to get, and it can cost between $800 and $1,500. The medicine
can also be hard on an animal.

"They go through a series of deep muscle tissue injections," she said.

Near Downtown Indianapolis, the FACE Low Cost Spay/Neuter Clinic just started
discounting its heartworm testing on Fridays.

"We really want to encourage owners to be more proactive," said Dr. Jackie
Busch, who has worked at the FACE clinic for several years.

They are expecting many more positive test results in six to eight months now
that the weather is warming up. That is the amount of time it takes for the
heartworms to develop inside a dog or even a cat.

Heartworm preventatives, on the other hand, can cost about $25 for a six month
supply. That depends on the type of medicine and the size of a pet.

"Heartworm is one of the most easily preventable diseases that we see in
veterinary medicine, but it's also fatal so for dollars a month you're really
saving your pet's life," said Dr. Busch.

Heartworms cannot travel from dog to dog. A mosquito is the carrier.

___ (c)2012 WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) Visit WXIN-TV (Indianapolis) at www.fox59.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120403-5IN-Clinics-offer-discounted
-testing-after-warm-winter-raises-heartworm-risk-0403-20120403

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5IN


                             Copyright 2012 WXIN-TV


                              645 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 22, 2011 Monday

Comcast offering discounted Internet to low-income families

BYLINE: Sarah Hofius Hall, The Times-Tribune, Scranton, Pa.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 319 words


Aug. 22--Low-priced Internet is now available to low-income families.

Comcast announced last week that its Internet Essentials program is now
available in the Scranton area. Families that have a child eligible for free
lunch under the National School Lunch Program can receive residential internet
service for $9.95 a month.

The nationwide initiative, which also allows families to purchase a computer for
$149.99, aims to increase Internet access and understanding, according to
Comcast.

Along with the $9.95 monthly rate, which will not increase as long as the child
is in school, there are no activation or equipment-rental fees. Families also
are able to receive digital literacy training in print, online or in person,
said Bob Grove, Comcast spokesman. Without the program, the internet service
would be $40.95 a month, he said.

A household is able to participate if it:

- Is located where Comcast offers Internet service.

- Has at least one child eligible to receive a free school lunch under the NSLP
(a household of three would have to make less than $24,809 a year).

- Has not subscribed to Comcast Internet service within the last 90 days.

- Does not have an overdue Comcast bill or unreturned equipment.

In the Scranton School District, 54 percent of the 9,600 students qualify for
free lunches. School Director Nathan Barrett, who has led an effort for the
district to go paperless for progress reports, said the program could help
provide access to families who could not afford it before.

For more information about Internet Essentials, visit www.internetessentials.com
for English and visit www.internetbasico.com for Spanish. Parents looking to
enroll in the program may call 855-846-8376 or for Spanish, 855-765-6995.

Contact the writer: shofius@timesshamrock.com

___ (c)2011 The Times-Tribune (Scranton, Pa.) Visit The Times-Tribune (Scranton,
Pa.) at thetimes-tribune.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110822-YT-Comcast-offering-discounted
-Internet-to-low-income-families-0822-20110822

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: YT


                        Copyright 2011 The Times-Tribune


                              646 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Rwabrands

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.rwabrands.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Rwabrands for Imports & Exports is located in Khartoum- Sudan. It is an
importer, exporter, wholesaler and distributor of quality top brands. We are
importing a wide range of products from countries throughout the world. We
receive brand new merchandize that comers directly from the original
manufacturers. However, we accept discounted offers of top-quality brand names
at unbeatable discounts. We strive to supply our customers with best quality
products for less and less. We import products from reliable suppliers' base. We
also import stock lots of top branded products by dealing in discounted
ex-chainstore stock of famous brands. We buy closeouts of first quality
merchandize, surplus, liquidation merchandize, store returns in a wide range of
products by the lot or pallet.  Rwabrands has particular focus in dealings
relating to discounted ex-chainstore stock of the most excellent brands and
quality. Discounted lines may embrace liquidation stock, end of season,
cancelled orders, bankrupt stock and dropshippers. We are always on the look out
for importing brand new surplus stock at unquestionable, indisputable prices.
Pallets should be sorted out with manifests showing the initial catalogue price
and cost price by item. The stock we import is regularly changing to ensure the
collection our customers need. Our dedication to excellence, value and
customer-focused service has permitted us to have a constantly increasing and
loyal customers' base.  Email Us at:

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              647 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, West Virginia)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            March 2, 2016 Wednesday

Nonprofit offers discounted prom attire

BYLINE: Ann Kennell, The Dominion Post, Morgantown, W.Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 330 words


March 02--When the calendar hits March 12, young women in high school will be
able to buy the prom outfit of their dreams through The Cinderella Project.

Hospice Care Corp. runs the Cinderella Project, and all proceeds go to patient
care. Hospice knows how expensive attending a prom can be, and knows not
everyone is in the position to afford it.

So, instead skipping the prom, the Cinderella Project offers gently used or new
prom attire starting as low as $5.

"Years ago and even today, prom is considered something that is expected that
you would go to," Hospice Vice President of Public Affairs Cynthia Woodyard
said, "We at Hospice try to make that possible for every girl."

Shops and community members donate prom and formalwear, shoes and accessories to
be sold at affordable prices.

One of the biggest contributors to the Cinderella Project is Oliverio's Bridal
Boutique.

"Last year, Oliverio's donated close to $30,000 worth of dresses," Woodyard
said.

Along with the thrift store prices, attendees will enjoy a fashion show at 11
a.m. March 12 and be eligible to win door prizes and giveaways that can include
nail salon gift certificates and dinner gift cards.

"We have high school girls in the fashion show, so it is really like grownup
dress-up," Woodyard said.

The last day to donate items will be March 9.

Donations in Monongalia County will be accepted from 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Mondays
through Fridays, at Hospice Care Corp., 3363 University Ave., in Morgantown.

Donations in Preston County will be accepted from 8 a.m.- 4:30 p.m. Mondays
through Fridays at Hospice Care Corp., 519 G. Road, Route 92S, Arthurdale. Other
locations can be found by calling 304-864-0884.

Donations in Marion County will be accepted from 8 a.m.-4:30 p.m. Mondays
through Fridays, at the Hospice Care Corp., 1409 Country Club Road, in Fairmont.

___ (c)2016 The Dominion Post (Morgantown, W.Va.) Visit The Dominion Post
(Morgantown, W.Va.) at www.dominionpost.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160302-MV-Nonprofit-offers-discounted-prom-attire-0302-20160302

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MV


                        Copyright 2016 The Dominion Post


                              648 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 27, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              649 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              650 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              651 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 20, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              652 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 19, 2015 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: January 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              653 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 17, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              654 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              655 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 16, 2015 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              656 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 15, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              657 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              658 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              659 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              660 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              661 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 12, 2015 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              662 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 10, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              663 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              664 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              665 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 8, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              666 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              667 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              668 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              669 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 5, 2015 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              670 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 3, 2015 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              671 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2015 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              672 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              673 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 1, 2015 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              674 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              675 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 31, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              676 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              677 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 26, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              678 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 23, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              679 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 22, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              680 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              681 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              682 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 18, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              683 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 16, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              684 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 15, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              685 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 13, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              686 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              687 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              688 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 11, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              689 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              690 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              691 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              692 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              693 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              694 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              695 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 5, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              696 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 4, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              697 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 3, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              698 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              699 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              700 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              701 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 28, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              702 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 27, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              703 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 25, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              704 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              705 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              706 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 21, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              707 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              708 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 20, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              709 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 19, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              710 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              711 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              712 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 18, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              713 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 15, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              714 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 13, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              715 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              716 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 12, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              717 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 11, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              718 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              719 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 10, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              720 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              721 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 8, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              722 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 5, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              723 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            November 4, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              724 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              725 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 1, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              726 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 31, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              727 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              728 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 30, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              729 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 29, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              730 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 28, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              731 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 27, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              732 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              733 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 24, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              734 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              735 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 22, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              736 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              737 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 21, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              738 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 20, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              739 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 18, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              740 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 17, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              741 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 16, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              742 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              743 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              744 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 15, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              745 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              746 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 14, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              747 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              748 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 11, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              749 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 10, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              750 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 8, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              751 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 7, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              752 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 6, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              753 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 5, 2014 Sunday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              754 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              755 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              756 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           October 1, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              757 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 30, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              758 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 26, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              759 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              760 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 25, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              761 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              762 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 24, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              763 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 23, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              764 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 22, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              765 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              766 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              767 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              768 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 19, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              769 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              770 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              771 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 18, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              772 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 17, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              773 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              774 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 15, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              775 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 13, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              776 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              777 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 12, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              778 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              779 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 10, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              780 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 9, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              781 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 8, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              782 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              783 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              784 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              785 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 4, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              786 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              787 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          September 3, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              788 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 2, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              789 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              790 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 29, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              791 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 28, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              792 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              793 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 27, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              794 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              795 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 26, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              796 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 25, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              797 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 22, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              798 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 21, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              799 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              800 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 19, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              801 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              802 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 18, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              803 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              804 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              805 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 15, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              806 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 14, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              807 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 12, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              808 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 11, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              809 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 8, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              810 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 5, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              811 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 4, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              812 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              813 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 1, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              814 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 31, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              815 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 31, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              816 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            July 30, 2014 Wednesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              817 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 28, 2014 Monday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              818 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 26, 2014 Saturday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              819 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              820 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 25, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              821 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              822 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              823 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              824 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 24, 2014 Thursday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              825 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              826 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              827 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 15, 2014 Tuesday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              828 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 11, 2014 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1324  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:


AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.


This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

For further information please visit: http://senate.ca.gov/

LOAD-DATE: July 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              829 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 13, 2002 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

TRAVEL ADVISORY;
Deals and Discounts

BYLINE:  By JOSEPH SIANO

SECTION: Section 5; Column 4; Travel Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 463 words


BRITRAIL OFF PEAK: All BritRail Classic Passes or FlexiPasses bought between
Nov. 1 and Feb. 28 for train travel completed by Feb. 28 will be discounted 25
percent. The Classic pass provides unlimited travel on national railways in
England, Scotland and Wales in increments of 4, 8, 15 or 22 consecutive days or
one month. The FlexiPass provides 4, 8 or 15 days of unlimited travel,
distributed at the holder's choice over a two-month period. At the discounted
prices, a four-day Classic is $139 in standard class, $224 in first class for
adults; a 15-day Classic is $299 standard, and $449 first class. A four-day
FlexiPass is $176 in standard, $262 in first class for adults. Passes must be
purchased in North America. Information: (877) 677-1066 or www.britrail.com.


KANSAS CITY SPECIAL: For those who can book by Thursday, American Airlines has a
$178 round-trip introductory fare for its service between La Guardia and Kansas
City, Mo. Travel can be anytime through Dec. 18. A Saturday-night stay is
required; there are two nonstop round trips each weekday, one a day on weekends.
Availability of this fare is limited. Taxes and surcharges are extra, and fares
are nonrefundable. It costs $100 to change a ticket; (800) 433-7300 or
www.aa.com.

CRUISING WITH THE INCA: Fares are being cut in some cabins for a Jan. 4 sailing
of the 208-passenger Seabourn Pride on its 18-day Treasures of the Inca Coast
itinerary. It leaves from Fort Lauderdale and ends in Valparaiso, Chile, with
stops in Mahahual, Mexico; Manta (the port for Quito) in Ecuador; Callao (Lima)
and Paracas Bay in Peru; and Arica and Iquique, Chile; there is a Panama Canal
transit as well. The rate, for a Category A suite or better, is $4,995 a person,
based on double occupancy. The published fare is $10,765 a person. Availability
is limited, air fare extra; www.seabourn.com.

FAR EAST: Rates begin at $1,140 a person, double occupancy, for Pacific Holidays
packages that include round-trip air fare from Newark, three nights'
accommodations in Kuala Lumpur and four nights in Bali or Bangkok (first class
or deluxe), daily breakfast, airport transfers and sightseeing tours. Other
plans include three nights each in Bali, Kuala Lumpur and Singapore (from $1,340
a person, double). There are surcharges for some dates. Information: Pacific
Holidays in New York at (800) 355-8025 or www.pacificholidaysinc.com.

QUICKER REWARDS: Through Feb. 28, Hyatt is allowing members of its Gold Passport
frequent-guest program (no cost to belong) to earn free nights faster -- one
with every two stays, if payment is with a MasterCard. The free nights can be
used through April 30, 2003. Information: (800) 514-9288 or
www.goldpassport.com. Current members must register to earn the quicker free
nights.   JOSEPH SIANO

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Drawing

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              830 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 23, 1997, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Treasury Prices Are Up In Quiet Day

BYLINE: By Bloomberg News

SECTION: Section D; Page 20; Column 1; Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 527 words


Treasury prices rose in quiet trading yesterday, helped in part by credit rating
cuts in South Korea, Indonesia and Thailand, which accelerated a flight to the
relative safety of United States securities.

"There's a flight to quality taking place," said Vic Thompson, who helps oversee
about $105 billion at State Street Global Advisors in Boston.

Moody's Investors Service Inc. cut the foreign currency debt ratings of
Indonesia, South Korea and Thailand yesterday to below investment grade, or junk
status. The debt of a string of Korea's largest companies, including the Samsung
Electronics Company, were cut to junk ratings by Moody's and the Standard &
Poor's Corporation.

The price of the 30-year Treasury bond rose 20/32 , to 103 15/32 . The bond's
yield, which moves in the opposite direction from the price, fell to 5.88
percent from 5.92 percent. Prices of shorter-term maturities were weaker as the
market absorbed a stream of new supply. The Treasury auctioned $15 billion of
new two-year notes in addition to its regular weekly auction of new three-month
and six-month bills.

The yield on the two-year note rose 3 basis points -- or hundredths of a
percentage point -- to 5.67 percent.

Bonds pared some of its gains after stocks recovered somewhat from Friday's
sharp drop, reducing the allure of Treasuries as a safe alternative for stock
investors.

"There's a perception of flows from one asset class to another," said Matt
Alexy, bond strategist at Credit Suisse First Boston.

The Treasury sold $15 billion of new two-year notes at a yield of 5.69 percent.
The bid-to-cover ratio, a measure of demand showing the dollar amount of bids
received divided by the amount of securities sold, was 2.28, smaller than the
2.41 average at the previous 10 auctions. In December 1996, the bid-to-cover
ratio for the two-year note auction was 2.2, however.

"There's no incentive to take the market much higher in the next couple of
days," with the new supply, said Rob McCool, a trader at First Chicago Capital
Markets.

Following are the results of the Treasury's auctions of two-year notes and
three-month and six-month bills:

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

High Price . . .  99.879
High Yield . . .  5.690%
Low Yield . . .  5.630%
Median Yield . . .  5.670%
Accepted at low price . . .  33%
Total applied for . . .  $35,829,008
Accepted . . .  $16,698,658
Noncompetitive . . .  $725,428
Interest set at . . .  5 5/8

The twp-year notes mature on Dec. 31, 1999.

(000 omitted in dollar figures)
                                 3-Mo. Bills    6-Mo. Bills

Average Price                         98.676         97.328
Discounted Rate                        5.29%          5.31%
Coupon Yield                           5.44%          5.53%
High Price                            98.681         97.338
Discounted Rate                        5.27%          5.29%
Coupon Yield                           5.42%          5.51%
Low Price                             98.675         97.325
Discounted Rate                        5.30%          5.32%
Coupon Yield                           5.44%          5.54%
Accepted at low price                    62%            21%
Total applied for                $34,058,133    $32,087,247
Accepted                         $10,426,761    $10,472,597
Noncompetitive                    $1,197,258       $973,602


Both issues are dated Dec. 26, 1997. The three-month bills mature on March 26,
1998, and the six-month bills mature on June 25, 1998.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graph: "3-Month Treasury Bills" shows average discounted rate for
3-month Treasury bills, from Sept. to Dec. (Source: The Bond Buyer)


                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              831 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                 Tire Business
                                 Print Version

                                 June 10, 2013

Tire Supply denies Inter City affair involvement

SECTION: Pg. 3 Vol. 31

LENGTH: 280  words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Tire Supply of New Jersey L.L.C. has denied any involvement in a dispute Inter
City Tire & Auto Center Inc. has with Michelin North America Inc. and Service
Tire Truck Centers Inc. (STTC) that led to a lawsuit over claims of a corruption
scheme and unfair competition.

Tire Supply, based in the Bronx, was mentioned in the lawsuit under claims that
former Michelin employees allegedly involved in a scheme to sell discounted
tires had held an interest in the business.

But Tire Supply owner Stephen Picciocchi said he is the sole owner in the small
tire dealership, that there are no other ownership interests in his business and
he denied all the claims of his business' involvement in the case.

"There are no facts. It's all fabrication and unsupported claims," he told Tire
Business.

In the lawsuit filed April 23 in the U.S. District Court for the District of New
Jersey, Elizabeth, N.J.-based Inter City said it uncovered a scheme involving
former Michelin sales executives who allegedly used shell corporations to divert
discounted tires intended for national fleet accounts and resell them to its
competitors while funneling kickbacks to themselves.

The lawsuit alleges Michelin and/or Bethlehem, Pa.-based STTC violated the
Racketeer Influenced and Corrupt Organizations (RICO) Act, among other commerce
laws, in addition to fraud and breach of contract.

Michelin declined to comment, but noted that two "rogue" employees were
terminated. STTC has denied all claims in the suit.

Michelin has filed suit in the U.S. District Court for the District of South
Carolina seeking to terminate its dealer agreement with Inter City because the
dealership allegedly breached the agreement.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TB


                      Copyright 2013 Crain Communications
                              All Rights Reserved


                              832 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Journal Record (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            January 18, 2010 Monday

Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Report: January 18, 2010

BYLINE: Journal Record Staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 884  words


Licenses

The Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission Licensing Division
has issued three mixed-beverage licenses, one caterer/mixed-beverage license,
one beer and wine license and one retail license.

Receiving mixed-beverage licenses are:

Tulsa County Line, 19011 E. Admiral Pl., Tulsa, TCL Inc.

Brass Buckle, 2606 E. Hwy. 66, Elk City, Dixie Denise Rose.

Cambria Suites OKC Airport Hotel, 4410 SW 19th St., Oklahoma City, Suenos
Oklahoma City LLC.

Receiving a beer and wine license is:

Roma's, 1202 S. Division St., Guthrie, Roma's Italian Restaurant LLC.

Receiving a caterer/mixed-beverage license is:

Comanche Nation Casino, 402 SE Interstate Dr., Lawton, Comanche Nation Gaming
board of directors.

Receiving a retail license is:

PB Liquor, 2719 N. Main, McAlester, Harlan D. Heinicke and Dorothy V. Heinicke.

Intents

Two parties have published notices of intent to apply for licensing through the
Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission. There was one notice
published for a mixed-beverage license and on notice published for winemaker
license.

Seeking a winemaker license:

Farfalla Wines, 505 Poplar Ave., Yukon, Farfalla Wines LLC.

Seeking a mixed-beverage license:

El Charro Mexican Restaurant, 902 Industrial Ave., Henryetta, El Charrito.

Cases

The Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission has resolved a case
against the following businesses.

Casa Laredo at The Farm in Tulsa will pay $150 for advertising discounted drinks
during certain hours.

Garlic Rose 2 in Tulsa will pay $150 for advertising discounted drinks during
certain hours.

Chimi's Mexican Food #3 in Tulsa will pay $150 for advertising discounted drinks
during certain hours.

Michael R. Shore of Oklahoma City will pay $1,000 for furnishing alcoholic
beverages to a person under the age of 21.

Hideout in Guymon will pay $500 for purchasing alcohol from other than a
wholesaler.

Citations

The Oklahoma Alcoholic Beverage Laws Enforcement Commission has issued citations
to the following businesses.

Hideout in Guymon was cited for purchasing alcohol from other than a wholesaler.

Cowboys in Alva was cited for advertising and an illegal act.

Red Robin America's Gourmet Burgers in Owasso was cited for an employee
interfering with an ABLE agent and employees performing activity in which a
license is required.

Red Robin America's Gourmet Burgers in Broken Arrow was cited for an unlicensed
manager and failure to display employee licenses.

Sunset Bar and Grill in Disney was cited for furnishing alcohol to a person
under the age of 21.

Outlaw's Roadhouse Club in Tulsa was cited for an unlicensed manager.

Abuelo's Mexican Food Embassy in Tulsa was cited for failure to maintain a
designated bar area and for an unlicensed employee.

American Legion #001 in Tulsa was cited for allowing illegal gaming activity on
the premises.

Yokozuna in Tulsa was cited for failure to display employee licenses.

Hinie Wine & Spirits in Tuttle was cited for failure to a renew license.

Marquee in Tulsa was cited for failure to timely renew a license.

WSL Properties LLC in Tulsa was cited for failure to timely renew a license.

Don Quixote Club in Oklahoma City was cited for purchasing alcohol from other
than a wholesaler.

Richard's Club in Oklahoma City was cited for allowing criminal conduct -
gambling on premises.

Brannigan's in Stillwater was cited for failure to notify ABLE of an officer
change.

The following received warning citations.

Service Systems Associates Inc. in Tulsa was cited for failure to maintain a
designated bar area and failure to notify ABLE of catered events.

In The Raw South in Tulsa was cited for failure to maintain a designated bar
area.

Chili's Southwest Grill & Bar in Tulsa was cited for failure to maintain a
designated bar area.

Zio's Italian Kitchen in Tulsa was cited for an unlicensed employee and failure
to maintain a designated bar area.

Twisted Lizard in Tulsa was cited for an unlicensed employee.

Texas Roadhouse in Tulsa was cited for failure to maintain a designated bar area
and for an unlicensed manager.

Oliveto Italian Bistro in Tulsa was cited for failure to display employee
licenses.

Exit 6C in Tulsa was cited for an unlicensed manager.

Alan Haggard of Edmond was cited for false representation to the ABLE Commission
- hidden ownership.

Carol Haggard of Edmond was cited for false representation to the ABLE
Commission - hidden ownership.

Michael Haggard of Edmond was cited for false representation to the ABLE
Commission - hidden ownership.

Kane A. Miller of Tulsa was cited for interfering with an ABLE agent and
performing activity in which a license is required.

The following received uniform citations from the ABLE Commission.

Samantha M. Bass of Hulbert was cited for furnishing alcohol to person under the
age of 21. The citation was issued at Sunset Bar & Grill in Disney.

Tyler Davidson of Jenks was cited for being under the age of 21 and entering a
package store and possession of another person's valid ID. The citation was
issued at Crossing Wine & Spirits in Tulsa.

Christopher A. King of Tulsa was cited for being under the age of 21 and
entering a package store. The citation was issued at Crossing Wine & Spirits in
Tulsa.

Michael A. Brestel of Tulsa was cited for being under the age of 21 and entering
a package store. Brestel was arrested at Crossing Wine & Spirits in Tulsa.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Government activity

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved


                              833 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Erie Times-News (Pennsylvania)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 20, 2013 Monday

Erie clinic offers discounted hearing aids

BYLINE: David Bruce, Erie Times-News, Pa.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 368 words


May 20--Hearing aids can be so expensive that seniors on a fixed income are
sometimes reluctant to buy them.

If health insurance doesn't cover the device's cost, a person can pay more than
$2,000 for a popular model.

"I've had patients tell me they can't afford the hearing aid they need," said
Susan McLaughlin, an Erie audiologist.

A new program created by UnitedHealth Group and offered locally by McLaughlin
promises high-quality hearing aids for as low as $340.

The hearing aids are available through a collaboration of two UnitedHealth Group
companies: health insurer UnitedHealthcare and hi HealthInnovations, a
nationwide group of audiology clinics. McLaughlin is the audiologist at the Erie
clinic, 1611 Peach St.

UnitedHealth Group uses its nationwide buying power to offer hearing aids at a
significant discount, said spokesman Will Shanley.

"These hearing aids are comparable to the top-five selling brands of hearing
aids," Shanley said. "They look the same and work just as well."

UnitedHealthcare plan members see the most significant savings. Erie-area
residents with the insurer's Medicare Advantage plan pay $340 to $390 for a
device, while other UnitedHealthcare plan members might pay a little more,
McLaughlin said.

The devices are available to anyone no matter what insurance they have. U.S.
veterans and their spouses pay $649 to $849 for a hearing aid, and others
without UnitedHealthcare will pay $749 to $949.

Some health insurers cover the cost of hearing aids but many -- including
Medicare -- do not, McLaughlin said.

To receive a hearing aid from hi HealthInnovations, a patient must visit a
health-care provider for a hearing test. McLaughlin offers free tests at her
office.

"Patients can either get tested at the office or bring in their test results
from their doctor," McLaughlin said. "Most of the time they walk out with a
hearing aid."

To learn more about hi HealthInnovations and its hearing aids, call 580-8837 or
visit hihealthinnovations.com.

DAVID BRUCE can be reached at 870-1736 or by e-mail. Follow him on Twitter at
twitter.com/ETNbruce.

___ (c)2013 the Erie Times-News (Erie, Pa.) Visit the Erie Times-News (Erie,
Pa.) at www.GoErie.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: May 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130520-EI-Erie-clinic-offers-discounted-hearing-aids-0520-20130520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EI


                         Copyright 2013 Erie Times-News


                              834 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 10, 2011 Wednesday

Farmers Market to sell discounted food

BYLINE: Austin Daily Herald, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 477 words


Aug. 10--In celebration of National Farmers Market Week, Aug. 7-13, the Austin
Area Farmers Market announces affordable, healthy food is now easier to buy for
people who receive food support thanks to a coordinated effort by the market,
Blue Cross and Blue Shield of Minnesota and the Minnesota Farmers' Market
Association.

MFMA, with funding received through a Specialty Crop Grant from the Minnesota
Department of Agriculture, recently installed point-of-sale terminals to accept
electronic benefits transfer at the Austin Area Farmers Market, enabling people
to use their EBT cards at the market and thereby purchase healthier foods. As an
added incentive to encourage people to give the market a try and eat more fruits
and vegetables, Blue Cross and MFMA are offering "Market Bucks" coupons. Market
Bucks match the first $5 in EBT card purchases with an additional $5 in Market
Bucks each market day. That amounts to $10 of food for just $5.

Positive results from a pilot program at three Minneapolis farmers markets last
year were driving forces behind the decision to expand EBT and Market Bucks to
more markets this year.

"We were really pleased with the results, so we jumped at the opportunity to
work with more markets this year and help introduce more people to the healthy
foods available to them at farmers markets," said Dr. Marc Manley, chief
prevention officer for Blue Cross. "We're invested in this effort because we
care about the health of all Minnesotans. This work makes the healthy choice the
easy choice, so we have a better chance at preventing unnecessary disease due to
unhealthy eating."

The Austin Area Farmers Market began in 1981 and currently has 20 farmers
selling a wide variety of products, including heirloom tomatoes, burgundy and
scarlet green beans, yellow zucchini, potatoes, lamb, pork, free-range chicken,
pasture raised beef, eggs, honey, raspberries, strawberries and much more. In
the most recent season, the strong customer base for the Austin Area Farmers
Market generated $100,000 in total sales for these local producers, a valuable
economic boost for the region.

"The Austin Area Farmers Market is pleased to have the addition of the EBT and
Market Bucks program," said Heidi Harrabi, market manager. "It will enhance the
ability of our customers not only to eat healthy, but also to stretch their food
dollars, while increasing the income of their local growers."

For more information about the Austin Area Farmers Market, visit austinafm.org
or locate on Facebook.

To see more of the Austin Daily Herald or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.austindailyherald.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Austin Daily Herald,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110810-1AU-Farmers-Market-to-sell-discounted-food-0810-20110810

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1AU


                       Copyright 2011 Austin Daily Herald


                              835 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                       May 12, 1991, Sunday, City Edition

Discounted mortgages

BYLINE: ROBERT J. BRUSS

SECTION: BRANDON TIMES; REAL ESTATE; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 929 words



For a few moments, dream a little. Suppose you can design the perfect
investment. What elements would you like that investment to have?

    Perhaps you might include high yield on dollars invested, no physical labor,
low risk and high safety of invested dollars, little or no management time and
substantial cash flow.

    If I tell you there is such an investment and it involves real estate, can
you guess what it is? Go to the head of the class if you answered "discounted
mortgages."

    A discounted mortgage is an existing mortgage that you can purchase for less
than its loan balance. When you add the interest rate on the mortgage plus your
discount upon purchasing the mortgage for less than its balance, you have the
total yield.

    To illustrate, suppose you recently sold your home and carried back a $
20,000 second mortgage to help finance the buyer's purchase. The loan carries a
10 percent interest rate (which is higher than you can earn elsewhere on your
money with safety), and you will receive a $ 264.30 monthly payment for the next
10 years to pay off the loan in full.

    But now you decide that 10 years is a long time, and you want some money now
to travel around the world. Turning to the newspaper classified want ads under
"loans" or a similar heading, you see ads of investors who buy discounted
mortgages, such as my ad, which says: "I buy existing mortgages fast. Call Bob
555-5555." After reviewing your mortgage I offer you $ 13,676.26 for your $
20,000 mortgage. You accept. You're very happy. So am I.

    The borrower will continue paying just 10 percent interest with a $ 264.30
monthly payment. He is unaffected by the discounted sale of your mortgage.
However, from my viewpoint as an investor in discounted mortgages, I just made a
very profitable investment, which will yield me 20 percent on my $ 13,672.26
investment. If the borrower should default, I can foreclose on your former home
and probably make a substantial profit.

    The first rule of profitable investing in discounted mortgages is never buy
a loan secured by property you wouldn't want to own if the borrower stops making
payments.

    Single-family houses are the best loan security, but the loan-to-value ratio
should not exceed 75 or 80 percent. The worst loan security is a
management-intense property such as a hotel or restaurant because, if you have
to foreclose, you could wind up having to operate the business.

    If discounted mortgages are the ideal investment, where can they be
purchased? Because so many shrewd investors have discovered discounted
mortgages, they are hard to find.

    Forget the banks and savings and loan associations. They would rather go
broke than sell their low interest rate mortgages at a discount.

    The primary source of discounted mortgages is individuals who have sold
their homes and carried back a first, second or even a wraparound mortgage.
Newspaper classified ads and personal letters to these mortgage holders, listed
at the county office where mortgages are recorded, are the best ways to find
these discounted loans.

    Additional sources include real estate brokers, mortgage brokers, real
estate developers, home builders and mortgage lenders with loans in foreclosure.


    Still another source is any private lender to whom you owe money.  Every
time you make a monthly payment to a private party, include a handwritten note
such as "How much of a discount will you give me if I can pay off your mortgage
now?"

    For example, month after month I included a little note like that with my
mortgage payment to a seller who had a $ 63,000 second mortgage on a rental
house I purchased from him. No reply.

    Then one month I included a note that said, "If I can pay you $ 40,000 cash
within 30 days, would that be enough to pay off my loan in full?" The day he
received my payment and note he phoned me to accept. As a result, I discounted
that mortgage by $ 23,000.

    If you have money to invest, at this point you are probably thinking it
might be easier to make direct, hard-money mortgage loans to borrowers who need
money. However, you will run into state usury limits as well as loan disclosure
requirements, but buy-ing existing mortgages means you have no usury limitations
on the interest rate you can receive since the borrower continues paying the
original non-usurious interest rate.

     The general investment rule is the higher the yield, the higher the risk,
but discounted mortgages can be the exception if you check the loan-to-value
ratio, the property security, the loan's position (a first mortgage is safer
than a second mortgage), whether similar properties in the vicinity are
appreciating or depreciating and the borrower's on-time payment record.

    Although discounted mortgages can be very safe and profitable trouble-free
investments, they should not be purchased without careful study before
investing.

    To begin your study, the two best books to read are The Number One Real
Estate Investment No One Talks About by Sanford W.  Hornwood and I. Lucretia
Hollingsworth (Prentice-Hall), available in stock or by special order at local
bookstores, and Invest in Debt by Jimmy Napier, available for $ 12 from Jim
Napier Inc., P.O. Box F, Chipley, Fla. 32428.
 Robert J. Bruss is a nationally syndicated columnist on real estate.  Write to
him in care of At Home, St. Petersburg Times, P.O. Box 1121, St. Petersburg,
Fla. 33731.

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: BRANDON TIMES; TAMPA

TYPE: COLUMN

                            Times Publishing Company


                              836 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Salem News (Beverly, MA)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           February 11, 2017 Saturday

Family wins award for hiking more than 27 miles

BYLINE: Arianna MacNeill, The Salem News, Beverly, Mass.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 533 words


Feb. 11--IPSWICH -- Some families run, others play sports. For Liz Seltenrich
and her three young boys, their time outdoors is often spent hiking.

In fact, Seltenrich and her boys -- ages 7, 4 and 18 months -- hiked enough that
they won the Trustees of Reservations Hike125 challenge in the family category,
wandering through 27.6 miles on eight different Trustees properties from October
through the end of last year.

For their efforts, the family received nearly $1,000 worth of camping gear, a
one-year extension on their Trustees membership, discounted or free admission to
Trustees properties, discounted stays at the Trustees' inns and campgrounds, and
other prizes.

Their accomplishment was celebrated during an awards ceremony earlier this
month, which also honored other individuals for their hiking during the
challenge.

"I feel like I really hit the jackpot," Seltenrich said.

Though the challenge is over, she and her sons -- Leo, 7; Oskar, 4; and Johann,
18 months -- will keep hiking.

"To be honest, it was really, really fun," Seltenrich said, adding that being
outside with three growing boys is essential. "I said at the event, we need to
be outside all the time. It's just crazy town if we're inside."

The boys particularly enjoyed the Crane Estate -- there's a hill there the boys
loved rolling down -- and Crane Beach. The family also went to Appleton Farms in
Hamilton and Agassiz Rock in Manchester, where the boys liked to climb up the
smaller rock.

Old Town Hill in Newbury allowed Leo, who received a remote control helicopter
for Christmas, the opportunity to fly his new aircraft in an open field.

All the properties offer "good trails," Seltenrich said, and there's always
something to look at -- a scenic view or vista.

She's looking forward to exploring other properties, especially when Johann is a
little older -- she had to wear him on her back in a carrier when they hiked.

The Hike125 challenge was part of the Trustees 125th anniversary celebration; it
ran from May 21 through Dec. 31.

The eight top hikers logged a total of nearly 1,480 miles. Collectively, all
participants logged 15,920 miles total throughout the challenge through 5,100
hikes, according to the Trustees.

"The hiking challenge was created to inspire more Massachusetts residents and
visitors to be active, get outside, and explore some of the best destinations in
Massachusetts protected for everyone, forever, by the Trustees," said President
& CEO Barbara Erickson.

Seltenrich's husband, Richard, has a special connection to the Trustees -- he
grew up in Ipswich and used to work on the Crane Estate during the summer. He
also runs and has been to many of the properties.

The properties offer something for everyone, Seltenrich said, from activities
for her kids, to places to walk and run for adults.

"I really am grateful for it," she said, adding that for her husband and his
family, "it's something that's been in their lives for a while."

Arianna MacNeill can be reached at 978-338-2527 or at amacneill@salemnews.com
Follow her on Twitter at @SN_AMacNeill.

___ (c)2017 The Salem News (Beverly, Mass.) Visit The Salem News (Beverly,
Mass.) at www.salemnews.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20170211-ZS-Family-wins-award-for-hiking-more-than-27-miles-0211-20170211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZS


                         Copyright 2017 The Salem News


                              837 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 13, 2014 Friday
                                 Every Edition

14th Street's Tico has an international flavor

SECTION: WEEKEND; Pg. T12

LENGTH: 589 words


In Tom Sietsema's most recent chat, he answered reader questions about tipping
on discounted food, ordering at Barmini and where to find the best hot dog in
town.

Birthday dinner

 I have my birthday coming up this week, on Monday night. I'm looking for a
place to have a nice dinner with my boyfriend, along with a couple drinks,
nothing too expensive. I've already been to Rose's Luxury, Little Serow, Le
Diplomate, and love all of these places, but am hoping to try something new,
preferably in a fun neighborhood where there will be options for places to go
out for a drink with some friends after dinner. Suggestions?

Have you been to the new Tico, on 14th Street NW? It's an expansive and arty
restaurant from Boston-based chef Michael Schlow. The menu is a little Mexican,
a little Spanish, somewhat South American, and based on the chef's travels. The
drinks there are especially good.

Tipping total

 Last night my partner and I ate at Facci, south of Columbia, Md. It was early,
and we discovered that signature drinks were half price, as were all appetizers.
I had a signature drink, and we each had two appetizers in lieu of a main
course. My question is, should we have paid the tip on the actual total or what
it would have been without the discounts? We opted for what the total would have
been.

Bless you. If only more diners thought the way you do. While you were under no
obligation to tip on more than the actual cost of the discounted food and drink,
your generosity no doubt put a smile on the face of the server and helped
stimulate the economy.

Barmini advice

 We've got reservations at Barmini this weekend, which we're very much looking
forward to. Can you provide any guidance about the food (and any drinks we
should be sure not to miss)? Are the "snacks" on offer enough to make a light
dinner, or should we plan to eat dinner afterward?

Barmini has over 100 drinks in its repertoire. A signature of the collection is
the smoky and earthy Highlander, a cocktail so dramatic it was featured on the
cover of my fall dining guide last year. One could certainly make a meal from
among the snacks, which change from visit to visit. With luck, you'll find pork
rinds flavored with kaffir lime and served with tamarind yogurt, a fancy twist
on a lobster roll and an amazing banh mi burger made juicy with bone marrow. If
you're still hungry afterward, you can always stroll over to one of owner Jose
Andres's other small-plates purveyors: Zaytinya for Middle Eastern mezze or
Oyamel for Mexican fare.

Hot dog help

 Where can one get a great hot dog in this area? Bonus points if the location is
Northern Virginia. And no, a half-smoke is not a hot dog. Thanks.

Check out Baby Wale near the convention center. A spinoff of the fancy Corduroy,
the sprawling tavern counts a $10 New Jersey hot dog with fries on its
crowd-pleasing menu.

Just desserts

 Today is my birthday, and I'm excited to go out for dessert later with a few
friends. What's the best restaurant in town to visit just for dessert?

Go to Vidalia and order one slice each of the pastry chef's pecan and chess
pies! Or whatever seasonal sweet happens to be offered.

Sushi suggestion

 Going out for sushi next week. I get to choose the venue. What would you
recommend these days? We need to go somewhere where we can make reservations.
Standing in line is not an option.

There's a reason you'll find members of the Japanese Embassy hoisting chopsticks
at Sushi Taro in Dupont Circle, which comes with the bonus of fun street views
from the second-floor dining room.

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2014 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              838 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 November 3, 1995, Friday, Late Edition - Final

CREDIT MARKETS;
Prices Rise On Treasury Securities

BYLINE: By ROBERT HURTADO

SECTION: Section D;  Page 17;  Column 1;  Business/Financial Desk

LENGTH: 797 words


Prices of Treasury securities rose for the third time in as many days yesterday,
as traders gained solace from soft chain store sales reports and talk of softer
numbers to describe how many jobs were added to the nation's payrolls last
month.

Investors bought on rising expectations of a Fed easing sometime soon, with
December likely.

The initial rise in prices came from on an unexpected jump in the weekly initial
jobless claims report for the week ended Saturday. Claims increased 6,000 over
the previous week to 365,000. Economists had forecast a slightly lower 356,000
reading.

By the close of the New York market the current issue 30-year Treasury bond was
up 24/32 , to a price of 108 17/32 to yield 6.24 percent, down from 6.29 percent
on Wednesday.

Kim Rupert, an economist with MMS International, a market research and analysis
firm in San Francisco, said the market remained in a bullish mood and it was
hard to find anything that would keep it down at the moment. "It has been
impressive the way it has ignored even strong data, and rallied considerably on
any signs of weakness," she said.

"I think the market is putting all its chips on a Fed easing and ignoring the
particulars coming from a budget agreement, since the impact wouldn't be felt
for a couple of years at least," Ms. Rupert said.

Retailing companies that report same-store sales on the first Thursday of every
month reported weak numbers yesterday, analysts said, and that may have helped
raise expectations of a weak retail sales report for October due on Nov. 14.
Market participants say it gives the Fed a stronger case for an easing down the
line.

The Commerce Department said September factory orders were up 1.5 percent, which
was lower than expected and down from the August gain of 2.7 percent. The
Conference Board's help-wanted index fell 4 points, to 126 in September. While
the level is still respectable, analysts say, the direction was enough to fuel
perception of a sluggish job market, especially considering the rise in the
weekly initial jobless claims yesterday and forecasts for a payroll gain of less
than 100,000 in today's employment number.

The Conference Board added that job growth had softened after the spring/summer
gains.

Jay Goldinger of Capital Insight, Beverly Hills, Calif., said: "On a day when
everybody is bullish, I may be the only voice of cautiousness here. The
unemployment picture obviously gets painted tomorrow. No matter what the news is
tomorrow, I think we're going to have sellers in the market."

The mentality of the bond market right now, he said, is very similar to that of
the stock market, which is to buy on every dip, and within a week you have a
profit.

"The market is probably a little frothy and over done," Mr. Goldinger said, "and
no matter what the news is tomorrow, the market is set up for some selling."

Larry Berman, senior fixed-income analyst with Technical Data, Boston, forecast
some profit taking would occur. "We have reached short-term targets on a yield
basis at 6.25 percent, and that should add some selling pressure by position
traders" who expect to take profits at these levels, he said.

He said the longer-term picture remained very bullish for a move to the 6
percent level, but cautioned that it would not be an easy ride, as the
Government faces several key economic issues, including the debt ceiling and
budget problems.

Since next week's note auction dates are not concrete because no debt ceiling
has been passed, there has not been any when-issued trading, but in the cash
market the current three-year note is yielding 5.52 percent and the 10-year
note, 5.88 percent.

The following are the results of yesterday's Treasury auctions of new 48-day and
83-day cash management bills, which the Government occasionally sells to meet
cash flow shortages when it needs to meet interest payments.

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 99.284
Discounted Rate . . . 5.37%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.50%
High Price . . . 99.287
Discounted Rate . . . 5.35%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.48%
Low Price . . . 99.284
Discounted Rate . . . 5.37%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.50%
Accepted at low price . . . 93%
Total applied for . . . $29,372,000
Accepted . . . $6,008,150
The cash management bills mature on Dec. 21, 1995.

(000 omitted in dollar figures)

Average Price . . . 98.778
Discounted Rate . . . 5.30%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.46%
High Price . . . 98.778
Discounted Rate . . . 5.30%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.46%
Low Price . . . 98.776
Discounted Rate . . . 5.31%
Coupon Yield . . . 5.46%
Accepted at low price . . . 48%
Total applied for . . . $33,200,000
Accepted . . . $8,060,800
The cash management bills mature on Jan. 25, 1996.

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              839 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Fashion-bag.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.fashion-bag.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Fashion-bag.com is a unique company that provides time-limited deals in many
fashion categories.  All of our products has limited quantity and we sell it at
a specified time. Once they are gone, you will not be able to get it. If time's
up, the special discounted price will no longer apply.  Our company is located
in Santa Fe Spring of Southern California. We have been in the retail of trading
fashion merchandise over 10 years. Our goal is to provide the best and most
fashionable products at discounted and most affordable price.  We spend
considerable amount of time purchasing and making selection for each product and
we make sure we can discounted them heavily. All of our products are brand new
and not refurbished or factory seconds.  We offer heavily discounted fashion
goods. You will not have too break the bank to shop for new handbag, wallet,
scarf, belt, or jewelry again!  We sell a range of products: from handbags,
jewelry, wallets, scarf, to unique timepieces. What is special about us? We only
offer one discounted item for each category. If a product is sold out during
it's sales period, another item will not be available until its next released
time. So each item in each category is truly only available under limited time.
We are proud of the quality we offer and all of our products have department
store quality and stickered at warehouse prices. You will be able to look and
feel fashionable without paying those expensive department store prices.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              840 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                Reboot Illinois

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 20, 2014 Wednesday

Foreclosure discounts in Illinois indicate bigger market issue

BYLINE: Caitlin Wilson, Reboot Illinois

SECTION: NATIONAL POLITICAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1036 words


Aug. 20--A July report from RealtyTrac (a real estate services company that
researches housing trends throughout the country) found that foreclosed homes in
Illinois sold for some of the deepest discounts in the nation from March 2013 to
March 2014. The biggest discount available for buying foreclosed homes was in
Illinois, with a nearly 56 percent cut from what such homes would be worth at
the normal market price.

The report looked at factors that may influence whether a foreclosed home sells
at a discount, such as what stage the foreclosure was at when it sold, how much
equity the sellers had in the house, the year it was built and if the sellers
were still living there.

Houses with different combinations of these factors (combining those four
factors made 24 profiles to analyze) sold at the deepest discounts in different
states. In Illinois, properties which were vacant, older and in which the seller
was no longer living at the property sold at the biggest discounts, according to
RealtyTrac Vice President Daren Blomquist. This property profile had the biggest
discount nationwide too, according to the report.

Offering the biggest property discounts behind Illinois' 56 percent were
Missouri at 49.6 percent, Oklahoma at 40.2 percent, New York at 38.5 percent and
Wisconsin at 37.3 percent. Rhode Island and Kansas had some of the smallest
discounts available, with foreclosed homes there selling for about 6 percent
less than the normal market price. Foreclosed homes in North Dakota actually
sold at a premium. The lowest-priced foreclosed homes there were still selling
at 14 percent above the market price. Illinois' Midwestern neighbors had varying
discounts. Missouri and Wisconsin had some of the biggest discounts in the
country, while Minnesota, Iowa and Indiana's biggest discounts were between
approximately 22 and 30 percent.

Even though Illinois had the highest foreclosure discounts available, the state
only had the seventh-highest number of properties with the top five biggest
discount-getting types of properties (out of the 24 property types researched).
California, Ohio, Florida, Pennsylvania and Georgia all had more individual
properties with profiles expected to grab the biggest discounts. Homes in
California tended to be newer than the discounted homes in Illinois, Blomquist
said. Those older homes have had more opportunity to fall into disrepair,
translating to bigger discounts.

The fact that the discounts on these homes when resold after foreclosure are so
high says a lot about Illinois' housing market and inventory in general,
Blomquist said. Properties in Illinois may be generally more "distressed," plus
another RealtyTrac report from July showed that Illinois had the third-highest
number of foreclosures in the country in June. Blomquist said such big discounts
indicate a market that is "out of balance and not healthy."

That's because, even though discounted foreclosed homes might be good news for
individual buyers looking to buy cheaper houses, it can throw the prices of
traditional-sale houses out of whack as they try to compete with the ultra-cheap
ones.

"The bigger the discount, the bigger the drag on overall home prices from a
macro market perspective," Blomquist said.

Blomquist also said such discounts might show that in Illinois, "properties that
are in trouble are in a lot of trouble" -- they may be older, less well-kept and
more likely to be vacant than homes in foreclosure in other states. That means
there is possibly a bigger disparity between distressed and not distressed homes
and a bigger disparity between good and bad neighborhoods in Illinois than in
other states.

While it might be bad news for the market overall, individual Illinoisans can
take advantage of buying foreclosed houses cheaply. Blomquist said interested
buyers can look at websites, such as RealtyTrac,that list foreclosed homes,
speak to a realtor who knows about foreclosed homes or even walk or drive around
to see what homes are in foreclosure in their area. Most homes in foreclosure
(that are not yet owned by the bank) don't appear on traditional listing sites.

According to Blomquist, these are mostly buyer-motivated sales. The buyer
(generally through a real estate) agent approaches the seller, instead of the
other way around. The buyer is offering a last-ditch solution to the seller (so
that their house isn't possessed by the bank) and in return the buyer gets a
discounted price on the house. But, Blomquist advised, buyers should be aware
that this is a sensitive situation for the sellers. They usually don't want to
leave their homes and are being forced out by circumstance and may be emotional
about the transaction. Plus, such properties are usually in physical disrepair
and have a greater need for renovations than most traditional-sale homes.

Blomquist also said the report found that properties where the foreclosure
process had already finished and the bank was in control of the house function
more like traditional sales. The houses may be listed, and they may even be more
expensive than market value, because such sales offer some benefits.

"There is no emotionally distressed homeowner to deal with, so it is a bit of a
cleaner transaction," he said.

But as long as discounted foreclosures remain so high in Illinois, it might be
hard for the state's housing market to balance itself out.

"At the end of the day, it's not good for the market to have such a deep
discount," Blomquist said.

Caitlin Wilson is a staff writer for Reboot Illinois. She graduated from Loyola
University Chicago, where she studied journalism and political science. Caitlin
has become both endeared to and frustrated with her adopted home state and wants
to bring Illinoisans the information they need to actively participate in the
politics that directly affect them. You can find Reboot on Facebook here and on
Twitter at @rebootillinois.

Reboot Illinois is a nonpartisan website and social media effort dedicated to
involving Illinoisans in the key issues facing our state, including state debt,
corruption and waste and improving business and schools.

___ (c)2014 Reboot Illinois Visit Reboot Illinois at www.rebootillinois.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20140820-2IL-Foreclosure-discounts-in-Illinois-indicate-bigger-market-issue-0820
-20140820

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 2IL


                                 Copyright 2014


                              841 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                             June 26, 2004 Saturday
                                  All Editions

Defense lawyers irate over Brown's murder trial media leak

BYLINE: Dave Orrick, Daily Herald Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 438 words


Defense attorneys for Brown's Chicken murders suspect Juan Luna reacted with
anger Friday to a media leak in violation of a Cook County judge's order.

The leak to the Chicago Sun-Times reported specifics of a defense motion that,
according to the newspaper, seeks to introduce testimony about an alleged 1999
confession that police discounted during their investigation. Judge Vincent
Gaughan had ordered the motion be kept secret temporarily.

"I don't think we'll agree to any more prosecution requests to seal motions
while they spin it in the media," said Mark Lyon, one of the attorneys for
defendant Juan Luna. "I don't know of any particular prosecutor involved. But
it's obvious ... that it's something from the prosecution's side - and by that I
include police and investigators."

Prosecutors declined to comment.

The motion - the first substantial motion dealing with the 1993 Palatine crime -
deals with one of several alleged confessions made by people never charged.

"We have filed a motion seeking to have that kind of evidence admitted," Lyon
said, refusing to go into specifics.

The Sun-Times story Friday quoted unnamed "law enforcement sources" as
discounting the 1999 confession.

John Gorman, spokesman for the Cook County state's attorney's office, told the
Daily Herald in an interview Friday that authorities concluded the statement was
unreliable.

"It was investigated and discounted," he said. "If it wasn't discounted ... we
would have brought charges."

The uncommon order to keep the motion secret, at least until prosecutors have a
chance to respond in writing, appears to have been decided behind closed doors.
Lawyers often meet with Gaughan in his chambers in non-recorded proceedings
intended to hash out scheduling issues and other procedural matters.

After the meeting last month, Gaughan announced in court a motion had been filed
under seal. No reason was given, and defense attorneys didn't object.

Gaughan could not be reached for comment Friday.

Prosecutors have said Luna confessed on videotape to his involvement in the
seven killings and that co-defendant James Degorski partially confessed on tape.
In addition, DNA from saliva found on a piece of partially eaten chicken in the
restaurant places Luna at the crime scene, they said.

Prosecutors allege shortly after closing Jan. 8, 1993, the pair went into the
restaurant, rounded up the seven workers inside and shot and stabbed them
because they wanted to do "something big."

According to criminal law, in order for defense attorneys to tell jurors about
confessions by other people, they'll have to show evidence supporting details in
the confession.

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2004 Paddock Publications, Inc.


                              842 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Norman Transcript (Oklahoma)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           September 13, 2016 Tuesday

Variety Care offers discounted health care costs for insured and uninsured
patients

BYLINE: Jacob Mcguire, The Norman Transcript, Okla.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 502 words


Sept. 13--Health care is important, but it can be costly. For Norman families
who cannot afford it, there is a solution.

Variety Care is a Community Health Center (CHC), which aims to provide health
care for people who have problems accessing health care services.

Variety Care Chief Operating Officer Carol Martin said the funding the center
receives from the United Way allows the nonprofit to offset a lot of the costs
for patients who need dental, medical or pediatric services.

"Many of the patients we see in Norman clinics are low-income adults," she said.
"There are many times when patients come in with the money to pay for the visit,
but the provider may set up a series of lab tests to determine the best
treatment plan.

"Variety Care uses United Way funds to help the patient with a portion of those
costs."

Justin Barrow, a Variety Care practice administrator, said insured or uninsured,
it doesn't matter.

"Anyone can be seen at a Variety Care," he said. "A lot of places will turn
people away if they are uninsured. We won't do that. Being able to provide
patients with everything they need at a low cost is truly a great thing."

Barrow said without the United Way's help, people would not have the chance to
seek the help they need.

Story continues below video

"There are a lot of people who would not be able to see a doctor or seek health
care otherwise," he said. It's an unfortunate reality, and that is why
organizations like the United Way are so important."

Martin agreed with Barrow and said if someone is suffering from a severe
illness, they can't wait it out. They need to see someone immediately, and
Variety Care is the answer.

"Many patients will just wait until the problem becomes more chronic and more
expensive to treat," Martin said. "The patient will eventually end up in the
emergency room, where the visit will be much more costly than if he had accessed
care through a community health center."

In addition to offering basic health services, Variety Care also offers mental
health services, Barrow said.

According to data collected from the U.S. Census Bureau, in 2014, Oklahoma had
the sixth highest percentage of residents without health insurance. Centers like
Variety Care continue to focus on providing those without insurance a peace of
mind.

Variety Care has 16 locations spread out across the state, including Fort Cobb,
Grandfield, Thomas, Del City, Norman and Oklahoma City.

To make an appointment, call the Variety Care business line at 632-6688. For
more information, go to the Variety Care website, varietycare.org.

The United Way of Norman funds programs at 27 local nonprofit organizations. The
United Way and these agencies work together to create lasting community changes
in Norman, Noble and southern Cleveland County. For more information or to give
to the United Way of Norman, visit UnitedWay-Norman.org.

___ (c)2016 The Norman Transcript (Norman, Okla.) Visit The Norman Transcript
(Norman, Okla.) at www.normantranscript.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160913-NQ-Variety-Care-offers-discounted
-health-care-costs-for-insured-and-uninsured-patients-0913-20160913

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NQ


                      Copyright 2016 The Norman Transcript


This document could not be formatted for delivery. If your delivery request
included other documents, they completed successfully.

                              844 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lancaster New Era (Pennsylvania)

                             April 27, 2007 Friday
                              Correction Appended

Dentist's offer aids kids' charities

BYLINE: Lancaster New Era Staff

SECTION: A; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 139  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


From now until June 30, local dentist Dr. G.J. Palmieri is offering discounted
teeth whitening services to raise money to support children with developmental
disabilities and delays.

The discounted charge for the teeth whitening is $250, with Discus Dental
donating whitening materials and Palmieri donating his time.

Half of the proceeds are designated to a national charity and half go to the S.
June Smith Center, a local non-profit agency that provides early intervention
services to children from birth through age 6 with developmental disabilities
and delays.

The "Smiles for Life" campaign of the Crown Council, an alliance of dental teams
throughout North America, has raised more than $20 million for children's
charities across the country.

Palmieri has office locations in Columbia and Lancaster. For appointments, call
684-2372.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: April 28, 2007



CORRECTION: An incorrect phone number accompanied a story in Friday's New Era on
a "Smiles for Life" fund-raising campaign run by local dentist Dr. G. J.
Palmieri. For appointments, call 684-2371. The New Era regrets the error.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              845 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               September 14, 1993, Tuesday, Late Edition - Final

COMPANY NEWS;
Airlines Cut Fares by Up to 45%

BYLINE: By EDWIN McDOWELL

SECTION: Section D; Page 1; Column 3; Financial Desk

LENGTH: 637 words


Following the lead of Northwest Airlines, the nation's airlines cut fares
yesterday up to 45 percent on domestic flights through Dec. 16. But tickets must
be bought before Saturday.

Some airlines, including Northwest, have included flights to Mexico and the
Caribbean in the sale. But on all carriers, including American, United, Delta
and T.W.A., the fares are nonrefundable, a Saturday stay is required, flights on
certain days of the Thanksgiving holiday weekend are out and tickets must be
bought at least 14 days ahead. Seats on all flights are limited, and the lowest
fares apply to travel on Tuesdays, Wednesdays or Saturdays.

At the same time, Continental Airlines announced it would begin high-frequency
nonstop service on more than 50 routes in the East starting Oct. 1, with no
restrictions and low everyday fares. In addition, with a reservation only a day
in advance and a stay of one night, any night, a companion can travel on the
same itinerary for an additional one cent.

Rivals Surprised

While the outlines of the new Continental route strategy had been known since
last week, the size of Northwest's discounts disclosed yesterday surprised
rivals, even though the industry suspected something was afoot Friday when only
Northwest among major airlines did not follow Trans World's lead by raising
domestic round-trip fares by $20.

Northwest said its 45 percent discount generally applied on nonstop flights or
heavily traveled routes, with shorter flights or those that connect at hubs
discounted at 35 percent. For example, its New York-Los Angeles regular
round-trip fare of $578 has been discounted 45 percent, to $318, while New
York-Chicago, regularly $305, has been discounted 35 percent, to $198.

"We want to give travelers a strong incentive to make their fall travel plans
now," said Jon Austin, a Northwest spokesman. He described current advance
bookings as "typical for this time of year."

"What the sale suggests is that fourth-quarter travel is likely to be sluggish,"
said Kim Frazier, director of sales and marketing for Topaz Enterprises in
Portland, Ore., an air fare auditing firm.

But he noted that overall air fares continued to rise, as airlines -- which have
lost more than $9 billion in the last three years -- struggle to stanch the red
ink. "In the second quarter of 1992 the average domestic ticket price was $453,"
Mr. Frazier said. "In the second quarter of this year it was $546, a 20.5
percent increase."

Convinced that fares are still too low, several carriers said they would
reimpose the $20 increase at the expiration of the new sale on Friday.  "While
it isn't a big increase," Donald Fleming, the director of public relations for
T.W.A., said, "we believe it's justified by the market and industry conditions."

Whether or not it raises ticket prices, T.W.A., which is preparing to emerge
from Chapter 11 of Federal bankruptcy law, is expected to announce enhancements
to its frequent flier program, enhancements that other carriers are likely to
match or exceed. While it would not disclose those changes, industry officials
said they included naming five new frequent flier partners and awarding gold
card members (the carrier's most frequent fliers) a minimum of 1,000 miles, up
from 750, for each flight segment.

In addition to attracting passengers with lower fares, Continental, by
instituting nonstop flights, hopes to attract passengers who did not previously
fly Continential because they would have had to double back through the
carrier's hubs.

For example, flying Fort Lauderdale to Jacksonville, Fla., would have required
changing planes in Houston or Newark. Continental said the new fares typically
saved at least 50 percent, and often up to 80 percent, against other carriers'
unrestricted fares on the affected routes.

LOAD-DATE: September 14, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



GRAPHIC:  Sample discounts in the latest fare war, initiated by Northwest
Airlines and matched by its competitors. The new fares, which are available
through Friday for round-trip travel through Dec. 16, are non-refundable and
require a Saturday night stay and a 14-day advance purchase. They are not valid
for travel on certain days of the Thanksgiving weekend.

New York-Los Angeles
Graph: "Deep Discounts, Short Deadline"

Regular fare -- $578

Discount fare -- $318

Tampa-Seattle

Regular fare -- $557

Discount fare -- $306

Cleveland-Omaha

Regular fare -- $305

Discount fare -- $168

New York-Chicago

Regular fare -- $305

Discount fare -- $198

New Orleans-Kansas City

Regular fare -- $283

Discount fare -- $156

(Source: Northwest Airlines)

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company

                              846 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

Playhouse offering discount to 'Christmas Carol'

LENGTH: 122  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

The Omaha Community Playhouse is offering discounted tickets to members of the
UNMC community for its seasonal production of "A Christmas Carol."

The playhouse is offering discounted pricing for two performances, including one
this weekend:

6:30 p.m. on Sunday (Nov. 23)
    6:30 p.m. on Nov. 30

Adult tickets are $25, an $11 discount from the usual price of $36.

Student tickets are $18, a $7 discount from the usual price of $25.

Call 402-553-4890, ext. 147, for reservations and mention that you are
affiliated with UNMC. Seating is limited.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              847 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 22, 2014 Saturday

Playhouse offering discount to 'Christmas Carol'

LENGTH: 122  words

DATELINE: Omaha


University of Nebraska Madical Center has issued the following news release:

The Omaha Community Playhouse is offering discounted tickets to members of the
UNMC community for its seasonal production of "A Christmas Carol."

The playhouse is offering discounted pricing for two performances, including one
this weekend:

6:30 p.m. on Sunday (Nov. 23)
    6:30 p.m. on Nov. 30

Adult tickets are $25, an $11 discount from the usual price of $36.

Student tickets are $18, a $7 discount from the usual price of $25.

Call 402-553-4890, ext. 147, for reservations and mention that you are
affiliated with UNMC. Seating is limited.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              848 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Manchester Evening News

                            January 17, 2014 Friday
                                   Edition 1;
                                National Edition

Reds under fire for student tickets lure

BYLINE: JOHN SCHEERHOUT

SECTION: SPORT; Pg. 66

LENGTH: 292 words


UNITED fans have slammed the club for selling discounted tickets to students in
a bid to boost Old Trafford attendances.

The club sometimes offers a few hundred tickets to Manchester University
Students' ' Unionfor fixtures that have not sold out.

The discounted tickets - priced £24 - would normally be sold at £37 to season
ticket holders.

They are currently being offered to any Manchester University student who can
show their ID for the up-coming game against Cardiff. The university has 40,000
students.

As the Reds have struggled this season under new manager David Moyes, some games
at Theatre of Dreams have not been sell-outs and the club has moved to fill the
stadium.

A spokeswoman for Manchester Students' ' Union said: We''re an outlet for
Manchester United. They set the prices.

"We don''t get them for every game, just on an ad hoc basis. We get a couple of
hundred at most. United set the price and we just sell them. We''ve been doing
it now for a year.

"It''s been quite popular with the students. They go quite quickly but obviously
they have to show a valid student ID and have to be prepared to show it at the
ground.

Some United fans vented their frustration on Twitter.

Gary Sandiford wrote: "What a joke? Talk about looking after your season ticket
holders!" "  Paul Caton tweeted directly to the club: "I"I'm a season ticket
holder. What about meA spokesperson said: "United offers a small number of
concessionary tickets in limited areas of the stadium for select midweek games.

"Alongside the club's concessionary prices for children and young adults,
Manchester United has also been working with local schools and universities for
several years to offer more younger fans the chance to attend matches at Old
Trafford for a reduced price."

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MEN


                     Copyright 2014 Manchester Evening News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              849 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              June 19, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: Travel; P03

LENGTH: 702 words


*  The Tides Inn on the Chesapeake Bay in Irvington, Va., is offering a second
room at half price. Book a room starting at $195 a night for at least two
consecutive Sunday-Thursday nights and receive a second room starting at $97.50.
Taxes are 7 percent more, and the service fee is $14 per night per room.
Promotion good through Sept. 30. Info: 800-843-3746, www.tidesinn.com.

*   Via Rail has discounted by 30 percent its new Easterly Class between
Montreal and Halifax for Sept. 10-Oct. 31 travel. The overnight rail trip with
accommodations in a double bedroom is about $205 per person each way after
discount, plus $31 in taxes. Info: 888-VIA-RAIL, www.viarail.ca.

*  If you share a name with one of last year's hurricanes  --  Charley, Frances,
Ivan or Jeanne  --  Noble House Hotels & Resorts in Florida is offering a
variety of discounts at its five properties. For example, at the Shores Resort &
Spa in Daytona Beach, rooms are discounted by 30 percent through Nov. 30,
starting at $166 a night plus 12.5 percent taxes. Info:
www.noblehouseoffers.com.

*  Norwegian has deals on the Pride of America, the first new U.S.-flagged ship
to be put into service in 50 years. Discounts apply to many of the ship's Hawaii
sailings. The Aug. 27 seven-night sailing is a good example: When a family of
four shares a cabin, the first two guests pay full fare  --  starting at $946
each, plus $61 in taxes  --  and the next two pay $299 each, plus $34 in taxes.
Info: 800-327-7030, www.ncl.com.

*  Children 16 and under sharing a cabin with their parents cruise free with a
Picasso Tours deal. The discount applies to a seven-night Thanksgiving
Mediterranean cruise on the Oceanic departing Barcelona Nov. 21. Price for
adults starts at $779 per person double; children pay port charges of about $200
each. The adult price includes port charges and fuel surcharges. All beverages
except premium spirits are also included. Info: 800-995-7997,
www.picassotours.com.

*  Book a China cruise tour with Viking River Cruises  -- which includes four
nights on the Yangtze River, six nights' lodging in China, 12 tours and shore
excursions, transfers, intra-China flights and port charge -- and pay $499 for
round-trip airfare from Washington to China. The 10-night itinerary, with
departures in July and August, starts at $2,079 per person double, plus air. Buy
by June 24; ask for offer 09Echo. Air booked separately would cost at least
$1,494. Info: 877-66-VIKING, www.vikingrivercruises.com.

*  Midwest Airlines has sale fares to destinations in Wisconsin and Michigan.
Round-trip fare from Reagan National to La Crosse, Wis., for example, is $196,
including taxes. Northwest is matching in select markets. Book by tonight at
www.midwestairlines.com and complete travel by Nov. 20. Seven-day advance
purchase required.

*  America West has sale fares to destinations in Colorado, Utah, Idaho, Nevada
and Montana. For example, fly round trip from BWI to Colorado Springs for $283,
including taxes. Other airlines are matching on select routes. Book at
www.americawest.com by tonight; travel through Sept. 30. Fourteen-day advance
purchase required and blackout dates apply.

*   Spend three nights in Krakow, Prague or Budapest Sept. 1-Oct. 31 for $799
per person double. Austrian Airlines' "City Steals" package includes round-trip
air from Washington Dulles and lodging. Taxes are an extra $115. Priced
separately, the package to Prague, for example, would start at about $1,036.
Fourteen-day advance purchase required. Info: 800-790-4682,
www.austrianair-vacations.com.

*   Save up to $500 per person on several Virgin Vacations packages to South
Africa. For example, a 13-night "Cape to Kruger" escorted vacation with
round-trip air from Washington Dulles and lodging, is $5,339 per person double,
including taxes  --  before the $500 discount. Book by June 27, depart by Sept.
9. Info: 888-YES-VIRGIN, www.virgin-vacations.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                              850 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                             July 10, 2008 Thursday

Golfing's a Maine event at top course

BYLINE: Kathryn Folliott, Special to the Star

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T02

LENGTH: 412 words


Maine might not be the sort of place you associate with a last-minute getaway,
but if you're a golfer, a spur of the moment trip to Maine's Carrabassett Valley
can mean great savings at top-ranked golf course Sugarloaf Golf Club.

Extended for a second week until July 27, Sugarloaf's Canadian Weeks promotion
offers discounted rates at the height of the season, with Golf & Stay packages
starting at $95 (U.S.) per person, per night at Sugarloaf Inn, and $105 at the
more luxurious Sugarloaf Mountain Hotel.

Rates include accommodation and daily breakfast as well as greens fees, carts
and access to amenities like the Sugarloaf Sports and Fitness Center. For
details, see www.sugarloaf.com or call 1-800-THE-LOAF (1-800-843-5623).

Radisson's B&Bs: Two new Bed & Breakfast packages from Radisson Hotels & Resorts
are available at all Radisson properties throughout Canada, the U.S. and the
Caribbean, now through Sept. 15.

Nightly rates have been discounted with a lead-in price of $139, plus couples
receive a $23 breakfast voucher good for in-hotel dining or room service, and
families get a $34 voucher.

The promotion also includes 2,000 bonus Gold Points towards Radisson's
"goldpoints plus" loyalty program. Call 1-800-333-3333 or check out
www.radisson.com/breakfast.

NYC's Summer in the City: New York City wants to attract 50 million visitors by
2012. It also wants visitors to vacation beyond Manhattan, in Queens, Staten
Island, the Bronx and Brooklyn.

Both goals will get a boost with NYC & Company's latest promotion. NYC & Company
has launched Summer in the City, offering close to 200 restaurant, attraction
and hotel deals across all five boroughs through Sept. 1.

Participating hotels include Le Parker Meridien New York in Manhattan and hotel
le bleu in Brooklyn.

You can also save on attractions like Top of the Rock Observation Deck, and at
museums including the Guggenheim, the Chelsea Art Museum and the Lower East Side
Tenement Museum.

See www.nycvisit.com/summerinthecity.

Best Buy of the Week: Crystal Cruises recently launched its Value Collection for
2009, offering savings of up to 50 per cent on regular cruise fares for the
line's two ships, Crystal Symphony and Crystal Serenity. Featured itineraries
include the Panama Canal & Caribbean, Western Europe, New England & Canada and
ocean crossings. See www.crystalcruises.com or call 1-800-446-6620.

Kathryn Folliott is a Toronto-based freelance writer. Prices quoted are subject
to change and availability.

LOAD-DATE: July 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                  Copyright 2008 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.

                              851 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, New York)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             March 29, 2016 Tuesday

Niagara Falls signs off on solar power savings

BYLINE: Philip Gambini, Niagara Gazette, Niagara Falls, N.Y.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 371 words


March 29--The Niagara Falls City Council has voted to buy solar-generated power
for the city as a minor cost-savings measure.

The agreement, between Sun Edison Origination, LLC and Niagara Falls, will see
the city buy kilowatts at a discounted rate for 20 years for a savings estimated
at $30,000 annually.

The contract was approved at a special meeting Monday in city hall that Falls'
Senior Planner Thomas DeSantis said was needed in order to ensure the city
purchased already available discounted power from the New York Power Authority.

A delay until the next city council meeting, a week from the approval, would
follow a rise in the NYPA cost index and line the city up to buy an electric
package that would have nullify the nominal savings.

The limited liability company the city has partnered with is a subsidiary of the
multi-national energy services provider SunEdison, Inc.

The company's website offers services for facility, asset and data management of
solar energy producers, in this case a 10-acre site DeSantis said is located in
Rush, New York that produces two megawatts of solar energy annually.

Mayor Paul Dyster said Monday a "non-standard" agreement was struck after
"intense" negotiations to secure the cost savings despite some discounted rates
the Falls already receives as an order of the NYPA's state relicensing agreement
struck over a decade ago.

DeSantis explained: "We don't want the discount from the current (market) rate
because we don't pay the current rate." With indexed NYPA power blocks, the
city's rate -- for a portion of its power -- is less, so the administration
sought a cost agreement "pegged to our rate."

As another renewable energy provider tries to plant roots in south Buffalo's
Riverbend, the mayor said the purchase only dents the city's the power
expenditures and the options remain for involvement with other solar companies

"We still use enough power that this would not preclude us from getting into
some other solar arrangement where you could have solar panels or solar fields
located in the city," Dyster said.

___ (c)2016 Niagara Gazette (Niagara Falls, N.Y.) Visit the Niagara Gazette
(Niagara Falls, N.Y.) at www.niagara-gazette.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: April 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160329-NF-Niagara-Falls-signs-off-on-solar-power-savings-20160329

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NF


                         Copyright 2016 Niagara Gazette

                              852 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 30, 2017 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

TKTS at Lincoln Center Is Made Permanent

BYLINE: By ANDREW R. CHOW

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 182 words


The TKTS booth is staying at Lincoln Center. The pop-up ticket outlet that
opened last July will now be a permanent part of the David Rubenstein Atrium.

TKTS sells discounted tickets to Broadway and Off Broadway productions, and this
booth will also sell discounted tickets to Lincoln Center performances. The
Theater Development Fund, which runs TKTS, opened the branch last year in the
hope of attracting more local ticket-buyers. (The main booth in Times Square
caters mostly to tourists, with 70 percent of its customers coming from outside
the tristate area.) The endeavor seems to have worked: According to Victoria
Bailey, executive director of the Theater Development Fund, the new booth is
selling 1,000-2,000 tickets a week, with 70 percent of customers from the city.

There are TKTS booths at the South Street Seaport and in Downtown Brooklyn, but
this will be the only branch where customers can line up indoors. The
organization sold a total of 1.4 million tickets over the last fiscal year.

This is a more complete version of the story than the one that appeared in
print.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/26/arts/music/tkts-adds-permanent-lincoln-center-
booth.html

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company

                              853 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 27, 2017 Friday
                         The New York Times on the Web

TKTS Adds Permanent Lincoln Center Booth

BYLINE: By ANDREW R. CHOW

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg.

LENGTH: 167 words


The TKTS booth is staying at Lincoln Center. The pop-up ticket outlet that
opened last July will now be a permanent part of the David Rubenstein Atrium.

TKTS sells discounted tickets to Broadway and Off Broadway productions, and this
booth will also sell discounted tickets to Lincoln Center performances. The
Theater Development Fund, which runs TKTS, opened the branch last year in the
hope of attracting more local ticket-buyers. (The main booth in Times Square
caters mostly to tourists, with 70 percent of its customers coming from outside
the tristate area.) The endeavor seems to have worked: According to Victoria
Bailey, executive director of the Theater Development Fund, the new booth is
selling 1,000-2,000 tickets a week, with 70 percent of customers from the city.

There are TKTS booths at the South Street Seaport and in Downtown Brooklyn, but
this will be the only branch where customers can line up indoors. The
organization sold a total of 1.4 million tickets over the last fiscal year.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2017/01/26/arts/music/tkts-adds-permanent-lincoln-center-
booth.html

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2017 The New York Times Company

                              854 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 26, 2011 Saturday

FirstHealth and Wendy's offers discounted swimming lessons

BYLINE: Kelli Easterling, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 557 words


March 26--FirstHealth Center for Health & Fitness-Richmond is partnering with
Wendy's restaurant group, the Charlotte Metrolina Co-op, to promote water safety
and learn to swim programs.

"I was excited to hear Wendy's was taking a lead role in water safety," said Kim
Covington, manager of the FirstHealth Center for Health & Fitness-Richmond.
"This is a unique opportunity for FirstHealth to reach out to Richmond County
families and teach them a skill that could save lives."

"FirstHealth is extending a 10 percent discount on swim lessons to participants
who mention the Wendy's Learn To Swim program," Covington said. "You do not have
to be a member of FirstHealth to participate in swimming lessons."

"We are so excited to be partnering with FirstHealth," said Wendy's Swim Program
spokesperson Casey Corser. "We are partnering with organizations that offer
certified and recognized swim programs. FirstHealth not only is a medical
fitness center, with well-trained staff, it offers a state-of-the-art indoor
swimming pool. The facilities available to us, and the community, through this
partnership are top-notch."

This year's water safety and learn to swim efforts have been expanded to include
encouraging everyone at every age to learn how to swim.

"Swimming is a sport that could save your life, so join us in our commitment.
Learn how to swim, and make sure your children learn how to swim," said Thomas
Wolfe, owner of Wendy's in Rockingham and other area franchises.

According to the Centers for Disease Control, nine people drown every day in the
U.S. Drowning is the leading cause of unintentional injury deaths for children
1-4 years old, the second leading cause for children 1-14 years old and the
fifth leading cause for all ages in the U.S.

"The greatest risk is to children, and that risk increases exponentially with
race," said Corser. "Wendy's restaurants in the greater Charlotte area are
partnering with NewsChannel 36 in an effort to reach a diverse group of people
within the channel 36 viewing area. Children from non-swimming households are
eight times more likely to be at risk of drowning, so we are encouraging
everyone of every age to learn how to swim."

In an effort to increase awareness and improve safety, a new Web site,
www.swimwithwendy.com, is being launched. The site will offer information about
local swim lessons, event calendars and a swim fan club.

"Through this site, and through our community partnerships, Wendy's is trying to
make make it easy for everyone to learn how to swim," said Wolfe.

"Wendy's is always interested in their communities, and in supporting and
addressing their unique needs. In the Carolinas, water safety is a very
significant need, and drowning is preventable with swim lessons," Wolfe said.
"Wendy's is proud to make it easier for children and adults to learn how to
swim."

Staff writer Kelli Easterling can be reached at (910) 997-3111 ext. 18, or by
email keasterling@heartlandpublications.com

To see more of the Richmond County Daily Journal, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.yourdailyjournal.com. Copyright (c) 2011, Richmond
County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune
Information Services. For more information about the content services offered by
McClatchy-Tribune Information Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110326-RU-FirstHealth-and-Wendy-s-offers-discounted
-swimming-lessons-0326-20110326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2011

                              855 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                           January 10, 2008 Thursday
                               STATEWIDE EDITION

LAMPS, FLOWERS, OFFICE EQUIPMENT, BOOKS, TOYS ON SALE

BYLINE: Korky Vann

SECTION: LIFE; Savvy Shopper; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 706 words


Ray Lighting + Design Studios at the Design Center in Hartford opens to the
public for a three-day sale. Today, Friday and Saturday, unique chandeliers and
ceiling fixtures are 30 to 70 percent off retail prices. Bargains include
five-light cast-antique brass fixtures, regularly $225, for $110, and
three-light iron island fixture with glass shades, regularly $432, now $175. All
sales are final. Hours are 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. each day. The studio is at The
Design Center, 1429 Park St. in Hartford, but the entrance and parking is on
Bartholomew St. Information 860-951-9900 or www.raylightingstudios.com.

For dirt-cheap bargains on amaryllis, houseplants and spring-blooming bulb
collections, check out White Flower Farms' two-day warehouse sale Friday and
Saturday in Torrington. The sale features bare root and potted amaryllis, spring
blooming bulb collections, houseplants, holiday decorations and gift items.
Prices are 30 to 50 percent off retail. Sale hours are 9 a.m. to 2 p.m. each
day. The event takes place at 30 Irene St. in Torrington. Directions:
www.whiteflowerfarm.com.

Once a month, the UConn Public Surplus Store on the Mansfield Depot campus opens
to the public to sell used equipment from departments from throughout the
university. The January event takes place Friday. The sale usually includes
office equipment, computers and furniture. Hours are 10 a.m. to 3 p.m. Sales are
cash only, "as is" (no guarantees or warranty) and final purchase. The UConn
Public Surplus Store is at 6 Ahern Lane in the Mansfield Depot section of
Mansfield. Information: www.stores.uconn.edu.

Mondazzi Books in Windsor is clearing out inventory with a Winter Cleaning Sale.
The event includes thousands of gently worn, discounted books, values to $35,
for $1 each. Sale hours are Monday through Friday, 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. and
Saturday, 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Mondazzi Books is at 570 Hayden Station Road in
Windsor. Information, 860-285-0538 or www.discountnewagebooks.com.

Kiddly Winks in West Hartford, Canton and Longmeadow, Mass. holds a clearance
sale Friday through Sunday. The shops, which stock educational and classic toys
and infant and toddler clothing, is discounting "buyer bloopers," discontinued
items, crushed box merchandise, one-of-a-kind and general fun stuff 30 percent
to 70 percent. Kids' winter wear is discounted 50 to 70 percent. All sales are
final.

Kiddly Winks is at 5 Crossroads Plaza (Albany Avenue and North Main Street) in
West Hartford, 860-231-9923; The Shoppes at Farmington Valley on Route 44 in
Canton, 860-693-8014; 801 Williams St. in Longmeadow, Mass., or
www.kiddlywinks.com.

The Perfect Toy in Avon holds a progressive discount sale on select merchandise.
Shop today and items are discounted 30 percent. Friday the discount goes up to
40 percent and Saturday, savings increase to 50 percent. Perfect Toy is at 290
W. Main St./Route 44 in Avon. Information: 860-674-1061.

South Main Street Collectibles in Suffield holds a Winter Sale. Through Jan. 31,
all merchandise is discounted 10 percent to 50 percent. Stock includes antiques,
used furniture, lamps, glassware and accessories. Hours are Tuesday through
Friday, noon to 5 p.m., Saturday, 11 a.m. to 4 p.m. and Sunday 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.
The store is at 175 S. Main St. in Suffield. Information, 860-668-2684 or
www.southmainstcollectibles.com.

It's not too soon to think about Valentine's Day gifts, and Carol & Company in
Collinsville helps with its Winter Sale running through Feb. 13. The event
features savings of 10 percent to 50 percent off all in-stock merchandise
including jewelry, handbags, accessories, home goods, lamps and more. The store
is at 107 Main St., across from the LaSalle Market in the Collinsville section
of Canton. Hours are Tuesday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. and Thursday,
10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Information: 860-693-1088 or www.carolandcompany.us.

Are you a savvy shopper? Carry the bag that proves it. Send us information about
your favorite bargain finds, special sales or local outlets. If we use your
suggestion, we'll send you a Savvy Shopper tote bag. (Businesses: Send sale info
at least two weeks in advance.) Send suggestions to: Korky Vann, The Hartford
Courant, 285 Broad St., Hartford, CT 06115 or kvann@courant.com

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: COLOR
 PHOTO: Uncaptioned

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              856 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 29, 2012 Friday

SI drivers 'break' for bridge tolls

BYLINE: Jennifer Fermino

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 186 words


Staten Island drivers are finally getting some significant toll relief.

The Port Authority yesterday approved a plan to give E-ZPass users on its Staten
Island bridges a steeply discounted toll price that kicks in after drivers make
three crossings in 30 days.

Under the plan, every trip will cost $4.75 following a third crossing.

Currently, the same trip costs E-ZPass users $9.50 during peak hours and $7.50
during off-peak hours.

E-ZPass technology will retroactively lower the price of the first two trips so
that all crossings within the 30-day time frame will get the discounted rate.

The plan is expected to kick in some time in the next 70 days after being
approved by New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie and Gov. Cuomo.

The discounts, available to anyone with a New York- or New Jersey-issued
E-Z­Pass, cover only the Outerbridge Crossing, Bayonne and Goethals bridges.

They replace a current PA discount plan for the three bridges that requires 10
trips to earn the lower price.

Councilman Vincent Gentile, meanwhile, is calling on the MTA to craft a similar
plan for the Verrazano Bridge.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              857 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Knutsford Guardian

                             June 15, 2013 Saturday

Nathan has driving ambition to succeed

BYLINE: Cara Quinn

SECTION: LATEST NEWS (KNUTSFORD NEWS)

LENGTH: 350 words


A HOLMES Chapel graduate had his own Dragon's Den moment when a chance meeting
with a businessman rocketed him to success.

Nathan Falconer, 22, used his entrepreneurial savvy to 'seal the deal' with
Manchester businessman Matthew Hargreaves, and the duo's car insurance company
is ready to take off.

Insurance Cars Online offers young drivers a discounted leased car, along with
discounted insurance, thanks to 'black box' or telematics technology.

"Everything has really rocketed and we're launching the site," said Nathan.

"It's amazing to see how this idea has taken off."

The business and marketing graduate sparked the idea while studying at
university in Sheffield.

Frustrated by the huge insurance premiums of younger drivers, he started to
think there must be a way to bring the cost down.

"I was looking at buying a car for when I finished university to broaden my
opportunities for work," he said.

"Living in a small Cheshire village doesn't provide many options without
splashing out on public transport, which is inconvenient at best.

"I had driven prior to university as a named driver on one of my parents' cars
but hadn't gained any years, no-claims so it was impossible to find affordable
insurance, especially as a cash-strapped soon to be graduate."

Nathan moved back home to Cheshire and started working for an insurance company
in Crewe, where his idea really developed.

He said: "Drivers under the age of 21 were instantly blacklisted and we were
often told not to even bother searching the market for them.

"This really got me thinking that there must be a huge gap in the market and I
would never see insurance adverts targeted towards young drivers."

While working at Loud Digital Media, Nathan met property developer Matthew, and
pitched his idea.

Matthew said he was 'in', and the businessman brought on board a top insurance
broker, and Qaurtix, who supply telematics technology for insurance programmes.

Nathan added: "I see myself as an entrepreneur and would very much like to
pursue that route towards success."

For more information on Insurance Cars Online visit insuredcarsonline.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 NewsQuest Media Group Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              858 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 28, 2013 Monday

BRIEF: Discounted rabies vaccines offered

BYLINE: The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 172 words


Jan. 28--The Carteret County Health Department and partnering veterinarians will
offer discounted rabies vaccines for dogs and cats during the month of February.

The month-long program will be open to all residents of the Carteret County,
regardless of income.

All participating veterinarians will offer both the one-year and three-year
rabies vaccine at the same price of $7.

For appointments contact the veterinarian of your choice from the following
list: Bridges Professional Park Animal Hospital (will vaccinate dogs only),
Brigadoon Animal Hospital, Carteret Animal Hospital, Live Oak Veterinary
Hospital, Mitchell Village Animal Hospital, Morehead Animal Hospital, Newport
Animal Clinic and Petdocks.

For more information about the February rabies clinics, contact the
participating veterinarian of your choice or the Pest Management Division of the
Health Department at 252-728-8585.

___ (c)2013 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 29, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130128-JN-BRF-Discounted-rabies-vaccines-offered-0128-20130128

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2013 The Daily News

                              859 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           November 10, 2012 Saturday

BRIEF: Hickory Hills offers discounted passes

BYLINE: The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 175 words


Nov. 10--TRAVERSE CITY -- Children from the city who qualify for free or reduced
school lunches can get a break on fees to ski at the city owned Hickory Hills.

The city commission approved small increases for ski passes that they hope will
raise about $11,000 more in revenue for the ski venue and reduce its reliance on
city taxpayers for financial support. But it also accepted a recommendation from
the Grand Traverse Ski Club to offer a 50 percent discount to students with
proof from their schools that they qualify for free or reduced lunch prices.

Tim Werner of the ski club said the discount might even increase revenue because
it's unlikely many lower income students can afford to ski now and the lower
rate might entice more users.

City commissioners tended to agree.

"It's not going to generate much revenue but it's a good thing to get kids out
skiing," said Commissioner Jim Carruthers.

___ (c)2012 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: November 10, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20121110-ZK-BRF-Hickory-Hills-offers-discounted-passes-1110-20121110

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2012 The Record-Eagle

                              860 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 5, 2008 Thursday
                                 Every Edition

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. DZ05

LENGTH: 466 words

Discounted Student Travel On Metrobus and Metrorail

 D.C. students enrolled in summer school programs are eligible for discounted
travel on Metrobus and Metrorail through the D.C. Department of Transportation's
school transit subsidy program.

To receive discounted travel, students must be younger than 19, with the
exception of students with disabilities, who are eligible until age 22. Students
must be D.C. residents who are enrolled in an elementary or secondary public,
charter, private or parochial school in the District. Students who are working
summer jobs are not eligible.

Interested students or parents must obtain a signed, dated and stamped student
travel application from the school before submission. Completed applications
should be brought to the department's school transit subsidy office at 2217 14th
St. NW, second floor, from 8:15 a.m. to 4:45 p.m. Mondays through Fridays, or
8:15 a.m. to 7 p.m. Wednesdays.

For information, call Nancy Green-Johnson at 202-673-1742.

Teen Summit to Address D.C. Neighborhood Issues

Residents are invited to a teen summit to discuss issues affecting D.C.
neighborhoods, from 11:30 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday at King Greenleaf Recreation
Center, 201 N St. SW.

Sponsored by the Michael Walton Foundation, the forum is titled "Peace Across
the Streets." Attendees will be divided into discussion groups and assigned
questions. The groups will present their responses to the entire summit.
Presentations can be conveyed creatively using a collage, drawing or skit.
Topics to be addressed include teen violence, territory issues, teen pregnancy
and other concerns relating to sexuality.

The event is free and open to the public. For information, go to
http://www.myspace.com/teensummitdc.

Banneker Student Win Essay Contest Scholarship

Yolanda Long, a senior at Banneker High School in Northwest, is the winner of
the New America Foundation's "Improving the Lives of Children" essay contest.
She received a $1,000 scholarship toward her education at Hampton University,
which she will attend in the fall.

The essay contest asked D.C. seniors to answer the following question: "You have
just been elected president of the United States. What is the most important
thing you will do to improve the lives of America's children?" Long's essay
stressed the importance of education, health care and safety in enriching the
lives of the nations youth. Long is a member of the National Language Honors
Society and the Kapital Keystone Club, a youth leadership group.

The New America Foundation is a nonprofit public-policy institute that aims to
bring new voices and ideas to the political spectrum.

For more information and to read the winning essay, go to
http://www.newamerica.net, click on Programs and then Workforce and Family.

-- Compiled by JILLIAN S. JARRETT

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: DC

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              861 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            October 9, 2004 Saturday

DEALS;
The season's best cruising bargains

BYLINE: Patrick Dineen

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T8

LENGTH: 598 words


Chinese cruise discounts

Victoria Cruises is marking its 10th anniversary of sailing the Yangtze River in
China with a series of discounted specials this fall. Cruises from Chongqing to
Yichang (four days-three nights) and Yichang to Chongqing (five days-four
nights) are 40 per cent off the gross rate (including cabin, shore excursions
and port taxes), valid through Dec. 1. Discounted prices start at $647.

Chongqing-Yichang-Chongqing sailings (eight days-seven nights) are $755 Nov.
2-28 and $1,008 through Oct. 31. This round-trip program provides different
daily shore excursions in each direction to showcase the Yangtze River region,
from the Three Gorges and Three Gorges Dam project to old cities steeped in
culture and new cities built to relocate people affected by the rising Yangtze
waters.

A seven-day, six-night Chongqing-Shanghai trip, meanwhile, costs $599 for the
Nov. 12 sailing and $899 through Oct. 31. The price includes cabin, shore
excursions and port taxes. In addition to the Three Gorges, this itinerary
incorporates stops at Wuhan, Mount Huang (one of China's most outstanding
natural attractions) and Nanjing, the capital of Jiangsu province.
Shanghai-Chongqing (nine days-eight nights) is $649 for Nov. 4 and Nov. 18
sailings and $899 through Oct. 31.

For more information, visit www.victoriacruises.com or call 1-800-348-8084.

Caribbean savings

Sunquest is offering $200-a-couple savings on one-week cruises on the Costa
Atlantica, with sailings Nov. 21 and 28, and Dec. 5 and 12. Prices start at
$1,159, including return airfare from Toronto to Fort Lauderdale. There are
eastern and western Caribbean itineraries, with the Nov. 21 and Dec. 5 sailings
visiting San Juan, St. Thomas/St. John, Catalina Island, Casa de Campo and
Nassau. The Nov. 28 and Dec. 12 cruises visit Key West, Cozumel, Ocho Rios and
Grand Cayman.

For more information, visit www.sunquest.ca or call 1-877-485-6060.

San Juan, Puerto Rico is a popular departure port for cruise lines, especially
ones with itineraries to the southern Caribbean. Air Canada Vacations has a
special airfare-only price of $489 on the flight to San Juan from Toronto on
Oct. 24 returning one week later in conjunction with a cruise.

For more information, visit www.aircanadavacations.com or call 1-866-993-0992.

Repositioning bargains

Some of the best deals are on repositioning cruises as ships head from the
Mediterranean to the Caribbean or from Alaska to Florida. Radisson Seven Seas'
"Grand Transatlantic Crossings" in October and November have two-for-one fares
on the Radisson Diamond and Seven Seas Voyager.

On Oct. 25, the 350-passenger, twin-hull Radisson Diamond will depart Rome for
San Juan on a 19-night journey visiting classical ports in Italy, Monaco, Spain,
Portugal and Madeira. Fares for the full sailing  start at $5,668 a person;
fares for a nine-night Funchal-to-San Juan transatlantic portion departing on
Nov. 4 start at $2,519 a person. On Nov. 21, the 700-passenger,
all-balcony-suite Seven Seas Voyager departs Barcelona for a 15-night voyage to
Fort Lauderdale, featuring a "Spotlight on Big Bands" theme and optional
hands-on Le Cordon Bleu cooking workshops while crossing the ocean. Two-for-one
prices for the full crossing  starts at $5,541 a person; the eight-night
Tenerife to Fort Lauderdale segment departing on Nov. 28 start at $3,023 a
person.

All sailings include wine with dinner, shipboard gratuities and bar setup in
staterooms or suites. Airfare add-ons are available from 86 North American
gateways.

For more information, call 1-800-477-7500 or visit rssc.com.

LOAD-DATE: September 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2004 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              862 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

Ticket Promotions set for Tech-Rice Saturday

LENGTH: 522  words

DATELINE: Ruston


Louisiana Tech University has issued the following news release:

Joe Aillet Stadium will be the site of one of the biggest football games in
recent Louisiana Tech history when the Bulldogs host Rice Saturday at 11 a.m.
with the Conference USA West Division title and a berth in the upcoming C-USA
title game on the line.

Tech (7-4, 6-1 C-USA) will welcome the Rice Owls (7-4, 5-2) to Ruston for the
final regular season game of the year. The winner of the contest will be the
Conference USA West Division champion and will face Marshall Dec. 6 in the
Conference USA championship game.

Saturday's game will also be the last time 22 Bulldog seniors take the field at
Joe Aillet Stadium as the group will be honored in a pregame ceremony on the
field starting at 10:35 a.m. that morning.

Numerous ticket promotions are available for fans wishing to attend both
Saturday's football game as well as Friday night's men's home basketball game
against Samford. Friday night's tip is set for 7 p.m. at the Thomas Assembly
Center.

Fans can take advantage of numerous ticket promotions for the game, including a
2-for-1 football/basketball combo ticket. Any fans who already have a ticket to
Friday night's Bulldog basketball game against Samford can gain free entry to
Saturday's football game against Rice with the ticket stub. Fans who already own
tickets to Saturday's football game can gain entrance into Friday night's
basketball game by showing the ticket at the Thomas Assembly Center doors.

All Louisiana Tech faculty and staff can also purchase discounted tickets to
Saturday's football game for only $12 on the east side or $15 on the west side
(these tickets are normally $20 and $35 on game-day).

Local honor roll elementary school children can receive a FREE ticket to either
Friday night's basketball game or Saturday's football game by bringing their
report card to the ticket office or ticket booths on game day. Parents
accompanying their honor roll child can purchase discounted tickets to the men's
basketball game for $7 or to the football game for $12 east side or $15 west
side.

A Black Friday ticket special is also in affect as fans can present their Black
Friday shopping receipts at the ticket office or ticket booths in order to
purchase the discounted tickets for either men's basketball or football.

The LA Tech Ticket Office will be open Tuesday and Wednesday from 8:30 a.m. to
5:30 p.m. and Friday from 1 p.m. until the conclusion of the men's basketball
game. The TAC ticket booths will open Saturday at 8 a.m. and the East Side
Ticket Booths will open at 9:30 a.m.

Fans are also reminded that season tickets are on sale for basketball season as
both the Bulldogs and the Lady Techsters. To purchase your season tickets, call
the Tech Ticket Office at 318-257-3631.

The University is opening dorms for LA Tech students on Friday in order for the
student body to return this weekend for both the basketball and football games.
Saturday's weather forecast is calling for sunny skies and temperatures in the
70s.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              863 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 26, 2014 Wednesday

Ticket Promotions set for Tech-Rice Saturday

LENGTH: 523  words

DATELINE: Ruston


Louisiana Tech University has issued the following news release:

Joe Aillet Stadium will be the site of one of the biggest football games in
recent Louisiana Tech history when the Bulldogs host Rice Saturday at 11 a.m.
with the Conference USA West Division title and a berth in the upcoming C-USA
title game on the line.

Tech (7-4, 6-1 C-USA) will welcome the Rice Owls (7-4, 5-2) to Ruston for the
final regular season game of the year. The winner of the contest will be the
Conference USA West Division champion and will face Marshall Dec. 6 in the
Conference USA championship game.

Saturday's game will also be the last time 22 Bulldog seniors take the field at
Joe Aillet Stadium as the group will be honored in a pregame ceremony on the
field starting at 10:35 a.m. that morning.

Numerous ticket promotions are available for fans wishing to attend both
Saturday's football game as well as Friday night's men's home basketball game
against Samford. Friday night's tip is set for 7 p.m. at the Thomas Assembly
Center.

Fans can take advantage of numerous ticket promotions for the game, including a
2-for-1 football/basketball combo ticket. Any fans who already have a ticket to
Friday night's Bulldog basketball game against Samford can gain free entry to
Saturday's football game against Rice with the ticket stub. Fans who already own
tickets to Saturday's football game can gain entrance into Friday night's
basketball game by showing the ticket at the Thomas Assembly Center doors.

All Louisiana Tech faculty and staff can also purchase discounted tickets to
Saturday's football game for only $12 on the east side or $15 on the west side
(these tickets are normally $20 and $35 on game-day).

Local honor roll elementary school children can receive a FREE ticket to either
Friday night's basketball game or Saturday's football game by bringing their
report card to the ticket office or ticket booths on game day. Parents
accompanying their honor roll child can purchase discounted tickets to the men's
basketball game for $7 or to the football game for $12 east side or $15 west
side.

A Black Friday ticket special is also in affect as fans can present their Black
Friday shopping receipts at the ticket office or ticket booths in order to
purchase the discounted tickets for either men's basketball or football.

The LA Tech Ticket Office will be open Tuesday and Wednesday from 8:30 a.m. to
5:30 p.m. and Friday from 1 p.m. until the conclusion of the men's basketball
game. The TAC ticket booths will open Saturday at 8 a.m. and the East Side
Ticket Booths will open at 9:30 a.m.

Fans are also reminded that season tickets are on sale for basketball season as
both the Bulldogs and the Lady Techsters. To purchase your season tickets, call
the Tech Ticket Office at 318-257-3631.

The University is opening dorms for LA Tech students on Friday in order for the
student body to return this weekend for both the basketball and football games.
Saturday's weather forecast is calling for sunny skies and temperatures in the
70s.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 27, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              864 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 26, 2007 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. P03

LENGTH: 942 words

LAND

Ka'anapali Beach Hotel in Maui is offering a Beauty and the Beach package for
travel through Dec. 17. The $899-per-couple deal includes four nights' lodging
in a partial oceanview room, daily breakfast, midsize rental car and choice of
massage or facial. Priced separately, the package would cost at least $1,254.
Taxes are about 11.4 percent. The 430-room resort, which has been called "Maui's
most Hawaiian hotel," is situated oceanfront on the island's western shore.
Info: 800-262-8450, http://www.kbhmaui.com/reserve/specials.html.

The Inns of Elegance, a collection of seven historic inns in St. Augustine,
Fla., has a Seniors Inn Love deal for those 50 and older. Stay for two nights
and receive the second night at half-price, or stay for three and get the third
one free. Deal applies to Sunday-Thursday stays through September, except Labor
Day weekend. Cost varies by inn. For example, at the bayfront Casablanca Inn,
rooms with queen-size beds start at $129 a night; taxes at all the properties
are 9 percent. Info: 877-616-6444, http://www.innsofelegance.com.

The Valley Forge Convention and Visitors Bureau is giving away a $35 gas card to
visitors who book a two-night stay in any of 17 participating hotels and motels
in the Valley Forge, Pa., region. Rates are also discounted; for example, the
rate in mid-September at the Comfort Inn in Pottstown, Pa., is $77 a night plus
8 percent taxes with the promotion; priced separately, the starting price is
$115 a night plus taxes. Deal is good through Sept. 30; gas card is delivered at
check-in. Book by calling 866-838-4748, or online at
http://www.visitvalleyforge.com.

SEA

A seven-day Alaska cruise on the Norwegian Star is $649 per person double, a
savings of about $550 a person. Taxes are an extra $120. Norwegian Cruise Line
is offering the discounted rate on the May 24 sailing, which travels round trip
from Seattle and stops in four Alaskan ports, including Juneau, Skagway and
Ketchikan. To book, call 866-234-0292 and request promo PGSD1. Deadline to book
is today. Cruise info: http://www.ncl.com.

Kids age 17 and younger sail free on two holiday cruises aboard the MSC Lirica.
Deal applies to two seven-night cruises from Fort Lauderdale, Fla. The Dec. 21
Eastern Caribbean itinerary, which starts at $799 per adult double, stops in
Puerto Rico, the U.S. Virgin Islands, the Dominican Republic and the Bahamas;
availability at lowest prices is limited. The Dec. 28 Western Caribbean
itinerary, which starts at $999 per adult double, stops in Key West, Fla.; Grand
Cayman; the Bahamas; and Cozumel, Mexico. Taxes are $51-$55 per person,
including children. Children's fare usually starts at $599. Book by Aug. 31.
Details: 800-666-9333, http://www.msccruisesusa.com.

Hapag-Lloyd Cruises is offering savings of $1,660 per person on its cruise along
Africa's Gambia River. The 12-night cruise aboard the MS Bremen departs Oct. 20
from Santa Cruz de Tenerife on Tenerife in the Canary Islands and ends in Dakar,
Senegal. It will travel more than 180 miles up the Gambia River, focusing on
wildlife and culture. Price after discount starts at $3,765 per person double.
Details: 877-445-7447, http://www.hl-cruises.com.

AIR

L'Avion, an all-business-class airline that operates between Newark and Paris
Orly, has a summer promotion of $1,763 round trip, including about $100 taxes
(fare usually starts at $1,913 before taxes). Business-class fare on other
airlines starts at about $2,412 round trip for nonstop service from the New York
area to Paris. Deal is good for travel through Sept. 30. Info: 866-692-6759,
http://www.lavion.com.

Air Jamaica has extended its fall sale to welcome back post-Hurricane Dean
visitors to the Caribbean. Fare from BWI to St. Lucia, for example, is now $398
round trip including $59 taxes (fare is usually about $587); flights operate
Sundays, Mondays and Thursdays. Travel Sept. 7-Dec. 14 (some dates sold out);
purchase by Aug. 30. Info: 800-523-5585, http://www.airjamaica.com.

PACKAGES

British Airways is offering sale deals to four cities in Europe. The
three-night, air-inclusive deals are good from Washington to London, Rome, Paris
or Athens. For example, the package to Athens departing on a Wednesday and
returning Sunday is priced at about $995 per person double including $163 taxes;
accommodations are at the three-star Philippos hotel, located at the entrance to
the Acropolis. The Athens package, priced separately, would cost about $1,049
for round-trip airfare and $188 a night for lodging, for a total savings of
about $336 per person. Sale applies Sept. 6-Oct. 24. Seven-day advance purchase
is required. Last day to buy is Sept. 13. Surcharge of $30 each way applies
Thursday-Saturday. Book at 877-428-2228. Info:
http://www.ba.com/uspersonalvacation.

A six-night Florence & Rome vacation starts at $1,094 per person double,
including $290 taxes and fuel surcharges, with a deal from Tourcrafters. Least
expensive pricing applies to travel Jan. 7-31; pay $20 more to travel Nov.
15-Dec. 27 or Feb. 1-March 15. Deal includes round-trip airfare from Washington
to Rome, three nights at Hotel Brasile in Rome, three nights at Hotel Meridiana
in Florence, daily breakfast and a tourist-class train ticket from Florence to
Rome. Priced separately, deal in January would cost about $218 more per couple.
Info: 800-482-5995, http://www.tourcrafters.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE
IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              865 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                          September 29, 2005 Thursday
                                  ROP Edition

ON THE SCENE;
People, trends, gossip and more;
CINDERELLA FOR A DAY

BYLINE: Lisa Mcmanus

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 374 words


Have a â[#x20ac]oeCinderella Makeover Partyâ[#x20ac] with your galpals at the
Boston Harbor Hotel, 6:30-8:30 p.m. Oct. 3. Sip wine and nibble hors
dâ[#x20ac][TM]oeuvres, get mini spa treatments and fitness tips, hair
consultations by Salon Marc Harris, make-up tips from Stila Cosmetics and a
fashion show from Fileneâ[#x20ac][TM]s. Each guest gets a ticket to see
â[#x20ac]oeCinderellaâ[#x20ac] by the Boston Ballet at the Wang Theatre at 7
p.m. Oct. 16, and a gift bag with goodies. Plus one lucky woman wins the
Ultimate Cinderella Makeover, with spa, hair, clothes, shoes, makeup,
â[#x20ac]oeCinderellaâ[#x20ac] tickets and dinner at Meritage. No going home at
midnight, either: She also gets a nightâ[#x20ac][TM]s at the Boston Harbor
Hotel. $39 advance; $49 at door. elliefund.org or call 781-449-0010.

THEATER BARGAINS The fine folks at Trinity Rep in Providence know your wallet is
tight. Thatâ[#x20ac][TM]s why theyâ[#x20ac][TM]ve got a tradition of offering a
Pay What You Can Performance for each show of the season. The first show,
Tennessee Williamsâ[#x20ac][TM]s â[#x20ac]oeSuddenly Last Summer,â[#x20ac] is
about a young man who takes his cousin on a European trip that ends in violent,
shocking disaster. The Pay What You Can Show is 8 p.m. Sept. 30. To get PWYC
tix, hit the lobby at 7 p.m., limit one per person. But Trinity also offers
discounted tickets to every show, including $15 rush tickets two hours before
curtain, a new $20 discounted admission for all educators, military,
firefighters and police (valid ID required) and $15 student tickets (valid ID
required). Preview performances for â[#x20ac]oeSuddenly Last Summerâ[#x20ac] are
only $25, too, from Sept. 30 to Oct. 4. Get your tickets now at 401-351-4242;
trinityrep.com. ROAD TRIP Love art, hate to drive? The South Shore Art Center is
offering a day trip to the recently renovated Museum of Modern Art in New York
City. Zoom there with fellow art lovers in a motorcoach. Youâ[#x20ac][TM]re on
your own to spend time in the museum, enjoy lunch in the city and depart in the
early evening. The bus leaves the South Shore Art Center in Cohasset at 6 a.m.
Saturday, Oct. 22, and arrives at MOMA by 10:30 a.m. Admission to the Museum is
included in the package and a light dinner will be served on board during the
trip home. Cost for the trip is $125, all inclusive. To reserve a space, call
781-383-2787. Space is limited, so reserve early.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger

                              866 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           December 15, 1998 Tuesday

MEMBERSHIPS DISCOUNTED:

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL; NORTH SUBURBAN BRIEFING; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 181 words


SHOREVIEW Memberships discounted:

A 15 percent discount on the price of an annual membership to the Shoreview
Community Center is available now through the end of December.

The discounted annual rates for Shoreview residents are: $191.25 for adults;
$144.50 for senior citizens and youth; and $331.50 for families. The discounted
non-resident rates are: $255 for adults; $191.25 for senior citizens and youth,
and $442 for families.

The community center, located at 4580 N. Victoria St., offers an indoor water
park, cardiovascular workout and strength training equipment, double gymnasium
for basketball and volleyball, indoor walking and running track and a snack bar.

Annual members receive invitations to members-only appreciation events, two
family daily guest passes, a 10 percent discount on a meeting room rental or
free room rental with purchase of a birthday package, three free seminars on
family health and fitness and fitness class coupons.

Call (651) 490-4700 for information or to charge the price of a membership on a
credit card.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved

                              867 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sydney Morning Herald (Australia)

                            March 23, 1995 Thursday
                                  Late Edition

ON THE WING

BYLINE: DAVID McGONIGAL

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 260 words


Nightmare on Qantas Drive: I recently met a woman down in Sydney from a mining
island in the Northern Territory. The night before she was due to fly out to
connect with a voyage to Antarctica she realised that she'd left her passport in
the Territory. The next boat leaves in December. She called the Australian
Passport Office on its 24-hour number which is 13 1232. An officer met her very
early the next morning, established her identity and issued an emergency
temporary passport in time for her to catch her 9.30 am flight. A spokesperson
for the Department of Foreign Affairs tells me that emergency passports are
usually only issued on compassionate grounds: if someone overseas has died, for
example; or if business calls you overseas urgently. It's a handy service to
bear in mind.

Bali or bust: Qantas, 9597700 or (008) 223627, has further discounted some of
its discounted package holidays in its Worldbeater program. So you can now fly
to Bali for a six-night holiday from $749. You have to buy the ticket before
April 21 and travel between April 24 and June 15.

Love me Tender: Singapore's ever-expanding (and protest free) Changi Airport now
offers a karaoke bar to idle away the hours between flights. This could be the
time to perfect the bump and grind for New York, New York. Those more caring for
their fellow passengers may partake of the rooftop pool and jacuzzi or the gym,
sauna and showers in Terminal One. These certainly beat trying on running shoes
at the airport's evenly spaced and perfectly cloned sports stores as a way to
kill time.

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 1995 John Fairfax Publications Pty Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved

                              868 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Charleston Daily Mail (West Virginia)

                           October 7, 2010, Thursday

GREENBRIER SPECIALS;
Resort still has rooms available

BYLINE: PAUL FALLON, DAILY MAIL STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P2A

LENGTH: 403 words


Discounted rooms at The Greenbrier Resort, a four-star hotel in southeastern
West Virginia, are still available, a spokeswoman said.

Last year, Greenbrier owner Jim Justice opted to run discounted packages for
rooms at the swanky mountain resort to show his appreciation to residents of
West Virginia and Virginia for their support through the years, said Lynn Swann,
director of public relations.

The deals were so popular, Justice decided to bring back the "Tribute to the
Virginias," discounted room package, she said.

"In a nutshell, we do still have rooms available over the majority of dates,"
she said.

From December to February, guests can book a room for a midweek stay starting at
$59 a night, she said. The price tag for a weekend stay starts at $109.

However, during one midweek period in December, rooms will start at $79, Swann
said. Rooms will also start at $79 for one midweek period in January, and two
midweek periods in February.

A room at the resort normally starts off at $275.

Other amenities will also be offered during the discounted package deal dates,
Swann said. For example, the resort will be offering a meal plan package. The
midweek meal plan starts at $159 and the weekend will run $209, she said.

These deals include breakfast in the main dining hall at the resort and dinner
at The Forum, Draper's or In-Fusion.

An indoor laser tag room will also be set up, as well as an ice skating rink,
Swann said.

"We're always looking for new activities to offer to our guests," she said.

The package room deals sold out in 48 hours last year, Swann added. She said she
was surprised by the interest the deals generated. However, she said she was
unsure why the discounted package deals have not sold out this season.

There are more dates available this year than last, she said, which could have
something to do with the reason the rooms have not sold out.

Last year, the deal was offered for 11 days and just one weekend from
mid-November to early February, she said. This year, the resort's deal includes
two weekends each month.

The discounted weekend packages are available on Dec. 10-11, Dec. 17-18, Jan.
7-8, Jan. 28-29, Feb. 4-5 and Feb. 25-26.

Midweek package deals are available Dec. 12-16, Dec. 19-21, Jan. 9-13, Jan.
24-27, Feb. 6-10 and Feb. 20-24.

Rooms will start at $79 from Dec. 19-21, Jan. 24-27, Feb. 6-7 and Feb. 20-24.

Contact writer Paul Fallon at paul.fallon@dailymail.com or 304-348-4817.

LOAD-DATE: October 7, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers

                              869 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily News (Jacksonville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 3, 2014 Monday

BRIEF: Discounted rabies shots offered

BYLINE: The Daily News, Jacksonville, N.C.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 139 words


Feb. 03--Many Carteret County veterinarians, in cooperation with the county
health department, will be offering discounted rabies vaccines for dogs and cats
in February.

The month-long program will be open to residents of Carteret County, regardless
of income. Participating veterinarians will offer the one-year and three-year
rabies vaccine at the same price of $7.

Participating veterinary practices include: Austin Veterinary Clinic, Carteret
Animal Hospital, and Live Oak Veterinary Hospital, all in Beaufort; Brigadoon
Animal Hospital in Cedar Point; Mitchell Village Animal Hospital, Morehead
Animal Hospital and Petdocks, all in Morehead City; and Newport Animal Clinic in
Newport.

___ (c)2014 The Daily News (Jacksonville, N.C.) Visit The Daily News
(Jacksonville, N.C.) at www.jdnews.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140203-JN-BRF-Discounted-rabies-shots-offered-0203-20140203

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: JN


                         Copyright 2014 The Daily News

                              870 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Keene Sentinel (New Hampshire)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             May 25, 2016 Wednesday

Cheshire Children's Museum to offer discounted admission to low-income families

BYLINE: The Keene Sentinel, N.H.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 248 words


May 25--The Cheshire Children's Museum has announced it will offer low-income
families a discount, thanks to the Keene museum's participation in the Museums
for All program.

Families who present an Electronic Benefits Transfer (EBT) card can visit the
children's museum for $2 per person, according to a news release from Deb
Ganley, the museum's executive director.

Standard admission to the museum is $6 for everyone ages 1 and up. The museum
also offers other ways to save on this cost, such as having a museum membership,
getting a museum pass through library membership or visiting on Frugal Fridays,
the afternoon and evening of the first Friday of each month.

Museums for All is a program of the Association of Children's Museums and the
Institute of Museum and Library Services. As of this morning, the association's
website listed 87 Museums for All participants in 30 different states, plus
Washington, D.C. The Children's Museum of New Hampshire in Dover is among those
listed.

"We want the museum to be seen as a community resource for all families
regardless of economic status," Ganley said in the news release. "Cheshire
Children's Museum is for all children to play and learn."

The Cheshire Children's Museum is at the Colony Mill Marketplace at 222 West
St., Keene. Information: www.cheshirechildrensmuseum.org or 903-1800.

___ (c)2016 The Keene Sentinel (Keene, N.H.) Visit The Keene Sentinel (Keene,
N.H.) at www.sentinelsource.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160525-KN-Cheshire-Children-s-Museum-to-offer-discounted
-admission-to-low-income-families-0525-20160525

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KN


                       Copyright 2016 The Keene Sentinel

                              871 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Niagara This Week

                             March 29, 2013 Friday
                                 Final Edition

New performance dates for Shaw's Niagara Neighbours

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 192  words


Niagara residents looking to check out one of Shaw Festival's offerings this
season at a discounted rate are in luck as more performance dates have been
announced for the Niagara Neighbours program.

The annual exclusive ticket offer sees discounted rates for Niagara and regional
neighbours. Until April 7, residents of the Niagara region, Hamilton,
Burlington, Buffalo, Lewiston and Rochester can purchase $39 tickets or $20 for
students to select performances between May 16 and July 3. Those prices do not
include tax. Tickets are available for Majora Barbara, Lady Windermere's Fan,
Our Betters, Peace in our Time: A Comedy, and Enchanted April. Tickets to the
April 25 and 28 matinee preview performances of Guys and Dolls are available for
$49 and Sunday evening tickets are available from $55. Early booking for all
tickets is advised.

Canadian &lsquo;neighbours' calling for tickets should quote 13019, while
American residents should quote 13020.

To book tickets or for more information, visit www.shawfest.com or call
905-468-2172. Booking online saves on the handling fee. The program, sponsored
by Sun Life Financial, is based on availability.

LOAD-DATE: March 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              872 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            February 8, 2015 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

This week's best travel bargains from around the globe

BYLINE: Carol Sottili;Andrea Sachs

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F02

LENGTH: 605 words


This week's best travel bargains around the globe.

Land

Le Massif de Charlevoix, a ski resort about an hour  north of Quebec City , is
offering a package that includes  discounted lodging  and  free lift tickets for
children  age 17 and younger. For example, a four-night stay in a family room at
Hotel La Ferme in early March and three-day lift tickets for two adults and two
teenagers is now $1,204, a savings of $416. The Happy Parents package applies to
stays Feb. 16 to March 22; book by Feb. 12. Info: 877-536-2774,
www.lemassif.com/en/spring-break-at-le-massif-de-charlevoix.

Villa Buena Onda, a seven-room  luxury boutique hotel  in  Costa Rica 's
Guanacaste Province, is offering a  free fourth night  on stays of at least
three nights. The 4x3 Winter Special starts at $408 per night for two people
(plus 15 percent tax) and includes three meals a day. Book and travel by March
31. Info: 800-414-0159, www.vacationscostarica.com/hotel/villa-buena-onda.

Stay overnight at the  Woodstock Inn  and Resort and  ski for free  at nearby
Killington in Vermont. The Killington Express Ski Package starts at $346 per
night (with taxes and resort fee) and includes luxury accommodations; all-day
ski passes for two adults (normally from $84 each); breakfast; use of the Nordic
Center (weekdays only for adults); access to the Racquet & Fitness Club's
fitness equipment, pool, sauna, etc.; and morning/afternoon coffee, tea and
cookies. By comparison, rooms alone start at $267. Valid through March 31. Info:
888-338-2745, www.woodstockinn.com.

Sea

Princess is celebrating its  50th anniversary  with a sale that includes
discounted fares on select 2015 cruises , shipboard  credits  and  free
specialty dining . For example, a seven-night Caribbean cruise aboard the Regal
Princess departing Fort Lauderdale, Fla., on Dec. 13 now starts at $2,222 for
four passengers sharing a cabin, a savings of $392. The deal also includes a
meal for two valued at $50 and a $100 shipboard credit. Book by Feb. 26. Info:
800-774-6237, www.princess.com.

Air

Alaska Airlines is offering a sale on nonstop flights from  Reagan National to
Los Angeles . Round-trip flight starts at  $296 , including taxes, for travel on
Tuesdays, Wednesdays and Saturdays through March 31. The sale fare is also
available on limited days and dates through April 29. Twenty-one-day advance
purchase required. Other airlines are matching, but fare typically starts at
about $345. Book by Feb. 9 at www.alaskaair.com.

La Compagnie, the  all-business-class airline , has inaugural fares between
Newark airport and  London 's Luton airport. The special fare  starts at $1,007
round trip on travel through June 30. Book by April 24, the first flight out.
The Boeing 757-200 features 74 "lie-flat" seats; Samsung Galaxy Tablets stocked
with entertainment; Caudalie cosmetic travel kits; and menus created by a
Michelin-starred chef. Normally, the fare is about $1,948. Info: 800-218-8187,
www.lacompagnie.com.

Package

Goway Travel is offering  savings of $1,150  per person on its  Exotic Morocco
tour. The package now starts at $1,949 per person double and includes round-trip
airfare from New York to Casablanca, with return from Marrakech; seven nights'
lodging in Casablanca, Rabat, Fes and Marrakech; 19 meals; land transport;
sightseeing tours with entrance fees; guide; airport transfers; and taxes.
Depart May 7 or Sept. 24. Book by March 31. Info: 800-557-2841, www.goway.com.

- Carol Sottili, Andrea Sachs

Submit travel deals to whatsthedeal@washpost.com Prices were verified at press
time, but deals sell out and availability is not guaranteed. Some restrictions
may apply.

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              873 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                            August 14, 2012 Tuesday

Rancho Cucamonga looks at new business incentives

BYLINE: Neil Nisperos, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 558 words


RANCHO CUCAMONGA - The City Council tonight will consider a new measure unique
to the Inland Valley to help attract businesses after the loss of the
Redevelopment Agency.

Council members will vote on a resolution that would enable the city-owned
electric utility to provide discounted rates to large commercial businesses that
bring a certain number of jobs here, promote electric load growth and expand the
city's tax base.

The Rancho Cucamonga Municipal Utility, established in 2001, serves Victoria
Gardens as well as City Hall, Cultural Center, the library, Victoria Gardens
Police substation, the city's Animal Center as well as the Epicenter
Entertainment and Sports Complex.

If the council approves the plan, Rancho Cucamonga would join cities such as
Anaheim, Azusa, Moreno Valley and Riverside, which have also implemented
discounted electric rates for large commercial customers as an economic
development measure.

"With the loss of RDA, we discussed what some of the options are that the city
could utilize as economic redevelopment tools," said Fred Lyn, utilities
division manager.

"This would be a new economic development tool as an electric utility. We have
pretty much all the electric utility surrounding us. Others have very similar
programs. And we have to have a similar program to attract large commercial
businesses to draw new jobs and increase our land here in the service utility
areas."

Gov. Jerry Brown and the majority Democrats in Sacramento decided to do away
with the state's redevelopment agencies this year in order to divert property
tax funds to schools and public services as the state faces budget shortfalls.

Many city officials have derided the decision, arguing they now lose the ability
to finance major development projects, attract businesses and create jobs.

Mayor Dennis Michael is part of a task force of elected officials and staff
members from member agencies within the California League of Cities and the
California Redevelopment Association, which is forming ideas on how to move
forward without the redevelopment agencies.

"We're looking at as many creative opportunities we have available to us that
makes good sense for business and good sense for taxpayers," Michael said.

"From a ratepayer standpoint, in this case, we're doing our best to come up with
some creative ideas that have been tested in the marketplace. We look at it
being a favorable tool for bringing commerce to the city, creating jobs and
bringing people to live and work in Rancho Cucamonga."

Redevelopment agencies, through the use of property-tax increment revenue, were
able to buy land and float bonds for major projects without having to ask voter
permission to do so.

The tax increment refers to additional taxes generated by redevelopment-related
projects.

With these agencies, local officials in partnership with developers were able to
finance major projects such as Victoria Gardens, Ontario Mills, some of the
rehabilitation of the historic Fox Theatre in Pomona, regional storm drains and
affordable housing for the poor and senior citizens throughout the Inland
Empire.

The city is also considering lowering its rates for medium and large commercial
customers. The net effect will be a 5 percent decrease for on-, mid-, and
off-peak energy charges, and an average decrease of 4 percent for demand
charges.

Reach Neil @InlandGov.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              874 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

SB employee pleads not guilty

BYLINE: By Mike Cruz, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 385 words


SAN BERNARDINO - A city employee accused of embezzling money through the sale of
city-discounted entertainment tickets pleaded not guilty Thursday in Superior
Court.

In a separate case, two other city employees are set for arraignment next month
on charges of grand theft through the sale of burial plots at a city-owned
cemetery, according to court records.

Judge Michael Dest entered a not guilty plea on behalf of 49-year-old Diane Lee
Huston, a Human Resources Department employee for the city of San Bernardino,
who appeared for arraignment in the tickets case in San Bernardino Superior
Court.

A Riverside resident, Huston was arrested Oct. 15 at City Hall after a police
investigation alleged that she profited from the sale of city-discounted
tickets.

When Huston was approached in a courthouse hallway Thursday to discuss the case,
she replied: "I don't have anything to say."

The judge appointed the Public Defender's Office to represent Huston, who was
scheduled to return to court on Dec. 31. She also was released on her own
recognizance.

Huston was charged with one count of grand theft by embezzlement, according to a
criminal complaint filed Nov. 28 in Superior Court.

Prosecutors allege Huston and co-defendant Kevin Timothy Trunnell took money and
property valued at $30,000 from the city of San Bernardino, between Dec. 1,
2006, and Aug. 8 this year, the complaint said.

Trunnell, also of Riverside, is named in the criminal complaint but has not yet
been arraigned, according to court records.

Deputy District Attorney Rick Christianson is prosecuting the case and said it
was premature to discuss the details of the case, when he was reached later by
telephone.

In an earlier news report, Huston's father, Harold Bacon, said his daughter was
innocent and that she was being accused when six or so people had access to the
property.

In another case, city employees Cheri Larae Cariou and Tom Rodriguez face
charges of grand theft through the sale of burial plots at city-owned Pioneer
Memorial Cemetery on East Ninth Street.

Cariou, 34, who was a manager, and Rodriguez, 48, who was a longtime laborer,
were sent letters earlier this month informing them of the charges. Both are set
to be arraigned Jan. 22, according to court records.

while acting as agents of the city, mike.cruz@sbsun.com

(909) 386-3880

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              875 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                           December 20, 2007 Thursday

Not-guilty plea for city employee on ticket sales

BYLINE: Mike Cruz, Staff Writer

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 386 words


SAN BERNARDINO - A city employee accused of embezzling money through the sale of
city-discounted entertainment tickets pleaded not guilty Thursday in Superior
Court.

In a separate case, two other city employees are set for arraignment next month
on charges of grand theft through the sale of burial plots at a city-owned
cemetery, according to court records.

Judge Michael Dest entered a not guilty plea on behalf of 49-year-old Diane Lee
Huston, a Human Resources Department employee for the city of San Bernardino,
who appeared for arraignment in the tickets case in San Bernardino Superior
Court.

A Riverside resident, Huston was arrested Oct. 15 at City Hall after a police
investigation alleged that she profited from the sale of city-discounted
tickets.

When Huston was approached in a courthouse hallway Thursday to discuss the case,
she replied: "I don't have anything to say."

The judge appointed the Public Defender's Office to represent Huston, who was
scheduled to return to court on Dec. 31. She also was released on her own
recognizance.

Huston was charged with one count of grand theft by embezzlement, according to a
criminal complaint filed Nov. 28 in Superior Court.

Prosecutors allege Huston and co-defendant Kevin Timothy Trunnell took money and
property valued at $30,000 from the city of San Bernardino, between Dec. 1,
2006, and Aug. 8 this year, the complaint said.

Trunnell, also of Riverside, is named in the criminal complaint but has not yet
been arraigned, according to court records.

Deputy District Attorney Rick Christianson is prosecuting the case and said it
was premature to discuss the details of the case, when he was reached later by
telephone.

In an earlier news report, Huston's father, Harold Bacon, said his daughter was
innocent and that she was being accused when six or so people had access to the
property.

In another case, city employees Cheri Larae Cariou and Tom Rodriguez face
charges of grand theft through the sale of burial plots at city-owned Pioneer
Memorial Cemetery on East Ninth Street.

Cariou, 34, who was a manager, and Rodriguez, 48, who was a longtime laborer,
were sent letters earlier this month informing them of the charges. Both are set
to be arraigned Jan. 22, according to court records.

while acting as agents of the city,  mike.cruz@sbsun.com

(909) 386-3880

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              876 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission; Southern California
Gas Company , has submitted (A1612010) Application filed by Southern California
Gas Company on 12/21/2016 Conf# 104282 (Attachment1)

LENGTH: 1684  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Application):



 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 1

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)



 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 1D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 A. APPLICABILITY

 The terms and conditions of this Tariff shall apply to the shareholder-funded
incentives applicable to

 the purchase of new or replacement technology to be installed and used by
nonresidential qualifying

 customers within the Utility's service territory. Additionally, the customer
shall be required to sign an

 affidavit (Form 6700-1B) attesting that the incentive was a material factor in
the decision to utilize the

 technology identified in the agreement. Service under this Schedule is optional
subject to the terms and

 conditions set forth herein.

 B. TERRITORY

 Applicable throughout the service territory.

 C. INCENTIVES

 Customers purchasing technology that meets the Tariff eligibility requirements
specified below are able

 to receive either (i) a one-time payment incentive or (ii) a transmission
charge discount. In addition, the

 customer will also be held to a Minimum Annual Quantity (MAQ) of gas that must
be used, as detailed

 in Form 6700-1A. The use of renewable natural gas (RNG) may qualify the
customer for an additional

 5% discount off the transmission charge for every therm of RNG used above the
baseline if and only if

 the customer meets their MAQ usage, as detailed in Form 6700-1C. Only new or
incremental usage as

 defined in Special Condition 1 of this Schedule, is eligible for discount or to
be considered towards

 fulfilling the MAQ.

 D. RATES

 As determined by SoCalGas and unless otherwise stated in this Schedule or the
Customer Incentive

 Program Agreement and Affidavit (Agreement), all charges and provisions of a
customer's otherwise

 applicable tariff rate schedule shall apply. The discount shall apply only to
the transmission component

 of the rate and shall not cause the rate to drop below the CPUC-authorized
floor. The discounted rates

 are based upon a specific customer's otherwise applicable tariff determined by
that customer's

 specified new usage as set forth in the Agreement. At the end of each year of
the Agreement term, the

 discounted rate shall be compared to the floor and trued-up so that the overall
rate does not drop below

 the CPUC- authorized floor.

 The discount does not apply to revenues collected for the California Alternate
Rates for Energy

 (CARE), the Public Utilities Commission Reimbursement Fee, taxes, Procurement
Charge or other

 flow-through charges.

 N||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N

 A1612010

 FILED

 12-21-16

 04:59 PM

 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 2

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)

 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 2D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 D. RATES (Continued)

 The procurement charge is determined as set forth in Schedule No. G-CP, in the
manner approved by

 D.96-08-037, and subject to change monthly. The procurement charge cannot be
discounted.

 The transmission component of the rate will be discounted in the following
manner: For customers with

 new usage flowing through a new meter, all gas load through the new meter shall
be discounted as a

 volumetric rate discount or a one-time payment. For customers with new usage
flowing through an

 existing meter, only the incremental usage will be discounted. The discounted
rate will be compared to

 the floor and trued-up annually so that the overall rate does not drop below
the CPUC-authorized floor.

 1. Customer Charge

 Per the otherwise applicable tariff rate schedule.

 2. Other Charges

 Customer shall be subject to annual adjustments if consumption falls below
agreed upon volumes set

 forth in Form 6700-1A of the Agreement.

 3. Minimum Charge

 The minimum monthly charge shall consist of the monthly Customer Charge and any
throughput

 penalty charges as stipulated in the Agreement.

 The number of therms to be billed shall be determined in accordance with Rule
No. 2.

 E. ELIGIBILITY

 To be eligible for participation in this tariff, the customer must meet the
following criteria:

 a. The customer must have an active gas account or have an application for new
service;

 b. The customer must sign an affidavit attesting to the fact that the
incentive, either (i) a transmission

 charge discount or (ii) a one-time payment, is a material factor in the
customer's decision to

 purchase the natural gas technology;

 c. The customer must demonstrate intent to install a technology that uses
natural gas; and,

 d. The technology must improve energy efficiency, or reduce GHG emissions
and/or criteria air

 pollutants by meeting one of the following standards:

 N||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N

 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 3

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)

 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 3D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 E. ELIGIBILITY (Continued)

 i. Technology must be at least 10% more efficient than a lower cost
alternative.

 ii. The technology must meet the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)
efficiency

 standards.

 iii. The technology must qualify for a Leadership in Energy and Environmental
Design (LEED)

 point.

 iv. The technology must demonstrate that it reduces GHG emissions or criteria
air pollutants.

 F. CUSTOMER SELECTION

 Qualifying nonresidential customers, subject to the availability of funds, may
apply for and receive one

 shareholder-funded incentive per technology per year. The minimum term of
obligation for a customer

 receiving a shareholder-funded incentive is to operate the technology as
specified in the contract. The

 Utility has the option of seeking Commission approval for contracts of five or
more years before

 making such commitments.

 G. DETERMINING THE LEVEL OF INCENTIVE

 The level or amount of incentive must be consistent with the following:

 a. One-Time Payment Incentive: up to 50% of the project cost.

 b. Discounted Transmission Charge rate shall not drop below the CPUC authorized
floor.

 H. VERIFYING CONTRACT PERFORMANCE

 Customer's incentive is premised upon the customer installing and using the
natural gas technology

 as disclosed to the Utility. Customer could be subject to additional charges if
the technology is not

 installed and utilized as per Agreement and Form No. 6700-1A, when applicable.
To verify contract

 performance, Utility may require some or all of the following, from time to
time, upon request:

 1. Proof of purchase, delivery and installation;

 2. Utility's visual verification of the technology installation and operation;

 3. Separate metering of affected technology;

 4. Establishment of a facility-wide baseload gas consumption, normally based on
the previous 24-

 month period (Form 6700-1D); and,

 5. Additional information as necessary to complete Utility's annual program
report to the

 Commission.

 N||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N

 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 4

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)

 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 4D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 SPECIAL CONDITIONS

 1. Definitions of the principal terms used in this Schedule are contained in
Rule No. 1 unless otherwise

 defined within this Schedule. For the purposes of this Customer Incentive
Program, a customer is

 defined as a new gas load not previously served, or a reconnected load that has
been off the SoCalGas

 system for at least 12 months. New usage is defined as new gas load to the
SoCalGas system either

 through a new or existing meter. Incremental usage is defined as additional gas
load above the

 baseload volume as established and agreed to in Section 7.1 of the Agreement
and remains unchanged

 for the life of the Agreement. Baseload volume is defined as the usage in the
prior 24-month period to

 signing the Agreement.

 2. Any additional, altered, or replaced service and measurement-related
facilities deemed necessary by

 SoCalGas to adequately measure service hereunder shall be installed, owned, and
operated by

 SoCalGas and the installation and materials of such facilities shall be at the
customer's expense.

 3. Discounts for the Customer Incentive Program rate schedule can be volumetric
rate discounts or onetime

 payments. These discounts may be offered in addition to DSM incentives, line
extension

 allowances, core transport agent incentives, third party incentives, third
party financing, etc.

 4. As a condition precedent to service under this Schedule, a signed Agreement
shall be required. As

 part of the Agreement, the customer acknowledges under penalty of perjury, that
the terms and

 conditions of this Schedule are a material factor in its decision to locate new
load within the SoCalGas

 service territory.

 5. All contracts, agreements, rates, and conditions are subject to revision and
modification as a result of

 CPUC order.

 6. The term for service under this Schedule shall be set forth in the Agreement
and in compliance with

 the conditions set forth in Rule No. 19.

 7. Unless otherwise stated in this Schedule and Agreement, all conditions of
otherwise applicable tariff

 shall remain in effect.

 N|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              877 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 29, 2016 Thursday

Regulatory update: California Public Utilities Commission; Southern California
Gas Company , has submitted (A1612010) Application filed by Southern California
Gas Company on 12/21/2016 Conf# 104282 (Attachment1)

LENGTH: 1684  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: California Public Utilities Commission has issued the following
document (Application):



 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 1

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)



 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 1D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 A. APPLICABILITY

 The terms and conditions of this Tariff shall apply to the shareholder-funded
incentives applicable to

 the purchase of new or replacement technology to be installed and used by
nonresidential qualifying

 customers within the Utility's service territory. Additionally, the customer
shall be required to sign an

 affidavit (Form 6700-1B) attesting that the incentive was a material factor in
the decision to utilize the

 technology identified in the agreement. Service under this Schedule is optional
subject to the terms and

 conditions set forth herein.

 B. TERRITORY

 Applicable throughout the service territory.

 C. INCENTIVES

 Customers purchasing technology that meets the Tariff eligibility requirements
specified below are able

 to receive either (i) a one-time payment incentive or (ii) a transmission
charge discount. In addition, the

 customer will also be held to a Minimum Annual Quantity (MAQ) of gas that must
be used, as detailed

 in Form 6700-1A. The use of renewable natural gas (RNG) may qualify the
customer for an additional

 5% discount off the transmission charge for every therm of RNG used above the
baseline if and only if

 the customer meets their MAQ usage, as detailed in Form 6700-1C. Only new or
incremental usage as

 defined in Special Condition 1 of this Schedule, is eligible for discount or to
be considered towards

 fulfilling the MAQ.

 D. RATES

 As determined by SoCalGas and unless otherwise stated in this Schedule or the
Customer Incentive

 Program Agreement and Affidavit (Agreement), all charges and provisions of a
customer's otherwise

 applicable tariff rate schedule shall apply. The discount shall apply only to
the transmission component

 of the rate and shall not cause the rate to drop below the CPUC-authorized
floor. The discounted rates

 are based upon a specific customer's otherwise applicable tariff determined by
that customer's

 specified new usage as set forth in the Agreement. At the end of each year of
the Agreement term, the

 discounted rate shall be compared to the floor and trued-up so that the overall
rate does not drop below

 the CPUC- authorized floor.

 The discount does not apply to revenues collected for the California Alternate
Rates for Energy

 (CARE), the Public Utilities Commission Reimbursement Fee, taxes, Procurement
Charge or other

 flow-through charges.

 N||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N

 A1612010

 FILED

 12-21-16

 04:59 PM

 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 2

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)

 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 2D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 D. RATES (Continued)

 The procurement charge is determined as set forth in Schedule No. G-CP, in the
manner approved by

 D.96-08-037, and subject to change monthly. The procurement charge cannot be
discounted.

 The transmission component of the rate will be discounted in the following
manner: For customers with

 new usage flowing through a new meter, all gas load through the new meter shall
be discounted as a

 volumetric rate discount or a one-time payment. For customers with new usage
flowing through an

 existing meter, only the incremental usage will be discounted. The discounted
rate will be compared to

 the floor and trued-up annually so that the overall rate does not drop below
the CPUC-authorized floor.

 1. Customer Charge

 Per the otherwise applicable tariff rate schedule.

 2. Other Charges

 Customer shall be subject to annual adjustments if consumption falls below
agreed upon volumes set

 forth in Form 6700-1A of the Agreement.

 3. Minimum Charge

 The minimum monthly charge shall consist of the monthly Customer Charge and any
throughput

 penalty charges as stipulated in the Agreement.

 The number of therms to be billed shall be determined in accordance with Rule
No. 2.

 E. ELIGIBILITY

 To be eligible for participation in this tariff, the customer must meet the
following criteria:

 a. The customer must have an active gas account or have an application for new
service;

 b. The customer must sign an affidavit attesting to the fact that the
incentive, either (i) a transmission

 charge discount or (ii) a one-time payment, is a material factor in the
customer's decision to

 purchase the natural gas technology;

 c. The customer must demonstrate intent to install a technology that uses
natural gas; and,

 d. The technology must improve energy efficiency, or reduce GHG emissions
and/or criteria air

 pollutants by meeting one of the following standards:

 N||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N

 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 3

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)

 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 3D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 E. ELIGIBILITY (Continued)

 i. Technology must be at least 10% more efficient than a lower cost
alternative.

 ii. The technology must meet the Federal Energy Regulatory Commission (FERC)
efficiency

 standards.

 iii. The technology must qualify for a Leadership in Energy and Environmental
Design (LEED)

 point.

 iv. The technology must demonstrate that it reduces GHG emissions or criteria
air pollutants.

 F. CUSTOMER SELECTION

 Qualifying nonresidential customers, subject to the availability of funds, may
apply for and receive one

 shareholder-funded incentive per technology per year. The minimum term of
obligation for a customer

 receiving a shareholder-funded incentive is to operate the technology as
specified in the contract. The

 Utility has the option of seeking Commission approval for contracts of five or
more years before

 making such commitments.

 G. DETERMINING THE LEVEL OF INCENTIVE

 The level or amount of incentive must be consistent with the following:

 a. One-Time Payment Incentive: up to 50% of the project cost.

 b. Discounted Transmission Charge rate shall not drop below the CPUC authorized
floor.

 H. VERIFYING CONTRACT PERFORMANCE

 Customer's incentive is premised upon the customer installing and using the
natural gas technology

 as disclosed to the Utility. Customer could be subject to additional charges if
the technology is not

 installed and utilized as per Agreement and Form No. 6700-1A, when applicable.
To verify contract

 performance, Utility may require some or all of the following, from time to
time, upon request:

 1. Proof of purchase, delivery and installation;

 2. Utility's visual verification of the technology installation and operation;

 3. Separate metering of affected technology;

 4. Establishment of a facility-wide baseload gas consumption, normally based on
the previous 24-

 month period (Form 6700-1D); and,

 5. Additional information as necessary to complete Utility's annual program
report to the

 Commission.

 N||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N

 SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA GAS COMPANY Original CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 LOS ANGELES, CALIFORNIA CANCELING CAL. P.U.C. SHEET NO.

 Schedule No. GO-CIP Sheet 4

 CUSTOMER INCENTIVE PROGRAM

 (Continued)

 (Continued)

 (TO BE INSERTED BY UTILITY) ISSUED BY (TO BE INSERTED BY CAL. PUC)

 ADVICE LETTER NO. GO-CIP Dan Skopec DATE FILED

 DECISION NO. Vice President EFFECTIVE

 4D0 Regulatory Affairs RESOLUTION NO.

 SPECIAL CONDITIONS

 1. Definitions of the principal terms used in this Schedule are contained in
Rule No. 1 unless otherwise

 defined within this Schedule. For the purposes of this Customer Incentive
Program, a customer is

 defined as a new gas load not previously served, or a reconnected load that has
been off the SoCalGas

 system for at least 12 months. New usage is defined as new gas load to the
SoCalGas system either

 through a new or existing meter. Incremental usage is defined as additional gas
load above the

 baseload volume as established and agreed to in Section 7.1 of the Agreement
and remains unchanged

 for the life of the Agreement. Baseload volume is defined as the usage in the
prior 24-month period to

 signing the Agreement.

 2. Any additional, altered, or replaced service and measurement-related
facilities deemed necessary by

 SoCalGas to adequately measure service hereunder shall be installed, owned, and
operated by

 SoCalGas and the installation and materials of such facilities shall be at the
customer's expense.

 3. Discounts for the Customer Incentive Program rate schedule can be volumetric
rate discounts or onetime

 payments. These discounts may be offered in addition to DSM incentives, line
extension

 allowances, core transport agent incentives, third party incentives, third
party financing, etc.

 4. As a condition precedent to service under this Schedule, a signed Agreement
shall be required. As

 part of the Agreement, the customer acknowledges under penalty of perjury, that
the terms and

 conditions of this Schedule are a material factor in its decision to locate new
load within the SoCalGas

 service territory.

 5. All contracts, agreements, rates, and conditions are subject to revision and
modification as a result of

 CPUC order.

 6. The term for service under this Schedule shall be set forth in the Agreement
and in compliance with

 the conditions set forth in Rule No. 19.

 7. Unless otherwise stated in this Schedule and Agreement, all conditions of
otherwise applicable tariff

 shall remain in effect.

 N|||||||||||||||||||||||||||||N



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              878 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 23, 2013 Friday

Hawaii: Am. Samoa Hospital Lacks Internal Money Handling Controls

LENGTH: 157  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

An audit of American Samoa's LBJ Hospital says the hospital lacks internal
controls for the handling of cash received from patients for the off-island
medical referral programme.

The hospital used a corporate debit card to buy discounted fares from Hawaiian
Airlines to allow patients to travel at a lower cost.

Before the discounted fare is purchased, a patient approved by an LBJ committee
pays for the airfare, either in cash to the programme coordinator or by credit
card at the pharmacy department cashier.

Last year, the hospital purchased US$163,000 worth of airline tickets for
off-island medical referrals.

The Territorial Audit Office has expressed concern at the lack of internal
controls and says the risk is high that a significant amount of the money could
be lost or stolen.

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              879 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Charleston Gazette (West Virginia)

                          November 11, 2010, Thursday

IN SHORT

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. P3D

LENGTH: 426 words


Clay Center has discounts today and Friday

The Clay Center is offering a discounted admission of $2 each to the museum,
planetarium and giant-screen film to all visitors today.

The discounted rate extends through Friday for current and former military
personnel. Please bring a military ID or other proof of service.

Call 304-561-3570 or visit www .theclaycenter.org.

Santa Claus is coming to Town Center mall

Santa will arrive at the Charleston Town Center at 5:45 p.m. today. The first 50
children in the Jingle Bell Line in Center Court will receive a stocking of
goodies, one of which will include a $100 mall gift card.

Santa's Merry Chorus of Elves will perform prior to Santa's arrival, then
everyone will parade to the Frosty Forest for the first snowfall.

Call 304-345-9525.

Author of 'The Shack' to speak in Charleston

"The Shack" author, William Paul Young, will speak at the Municipal Auditorium
at 6:30 p.m. today.

The free event is a kick-off for the new charity "Live to Give ... a GOD Thing,"
a soup kitchen whose profits will benefit local causes.

Call 304-344-9388.

Open Stage to celebrate 12th anniversary Friday

Friday is the 12th anniversary of the launch of Ron Sowell's Open Stage. The
event begins at 7:30 p.m. at Unity of Charleston, 804 Myrtle Road, South Hills.
Performer sign-up is at 7 p.m.

Admission is $5 for audience members and $2 for performers. Call 304-549-1825.

Kids activities coming to Culture Center

The West Virginia Division of Culture and History's free Second Saturday program
for children runs from 9 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday at the Culture Center.

Activities include readings of Cynthia Rylant's "Long Night Moon" (10 and 11
a.m., noon), a historical re-enactment performance of Chief Cornstalk by Dan
Cutler (1 p.m.), guided museum tours (2 and 3 p.m.) and more.

Children 13 and under must be accompanied by an adult. Call 304-558-0220, ext.
111.

Country music dance set for Nitro Senior Center

The Nitro Senior Center, 302 21st St., hosts a dance beginning at 6 p.m.
Saturday featuring the Road Runner Band, the Brown Sisters and a surprise guest.

The guest has appeared on "The Tonight Show," "The Today Show" and "Saturday
Night Live" and sung with Reba McIntyre, Willie Nelson, the Drifters and The
Platters.

Admission is by donation. Call 304-755-0619.

Artist open house hosted in Spencer

Chestnut Ridge Artist Colony in Spencer will host a holiday open house from 9
a.m. to 7 p.m. Saturday and Sunday featuring the work of blacksmith Jeff Fetty,
woodworker Phil Holcomb and jewelry designer Teresa Holcomb.

E-mail jeff@jefffetty.com

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Charleston Newspapers

                              880 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                              March 9, 2008 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

PREDICTABLY IRRATIONAL

BYLINE: William Wineke

SECTION: A&E; Pg. G3

LENGTH: 400 words


Why is it that you eat more when you choose food from a buffet line than you do
if you order from a menu?

Dan Ariely, a professor of behavioral economics at MIT, says it's because most
of us are almost incapable of passing by something that is "free."

"Would you buy something if it were discounted from 50 cents to 20 cents?" he
asks. "Maybe. Would you buy it if it were discounted from 50 cents to two cents?
Maybe. Would you grab it if it were discounted from 50 cents to zero? You bet!"

Ariely's latest book, "Predictably Irrational: The Hidden Forces That Shape Our
Decisions" (Harper: $25.95), argues that human beings are almost "predictably"
irrational. We will, for example, stand in line to receive something "free" that
we would never want if we had to pay even a pittance to possess it.

"It is no secret that getting something free feels very good. Zero is not just
another price, it turns out. Zero is an emotional hot button - a source of
irrational excitement," he writes.

Most of the book consists of experiments Ariely and various research partners
have done to determine human nature.

They learned, for example, that we tend to "overvalue" what we have and that "we
can begin to feel ownership even before we own something." A good example,
Ariely says, is an auction when, after making an initial bid, people may end up
spending far more for an item than they initially thought it was worth.

"Virtual ownership, of course, is one mainspring of the advertising industry. We
see a happy couple driving down the California coastline in a BMW convertible
and we imagine ourselves there. We get a catalog of hiking clothing from
Patagonia, see a polyester fleece pullover and - poof - we start thinking of it
as ours,'' Ariely writes. "The trap is set, and we willingly walk in. We become
partial owners even before we own anything."

Ownership applies to ideas as well as to possessions, Ariely suggests.

"Once we take ownership of an idea - whether it's about politics or sports -
what do we do? We love it perhaps more than we should. We prize it more than it
is worth. And most frequently, we have trouble letting go of it because we can't
stand the idea of its loss. What are we left with then? An ideology, rigid and
unyielding."

Ariely doesn't provide prescriptions for how to avoid predictable irrational
behavior; he just notes that it is a phenomenon about which we ought to be
informed.

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2008 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              881 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                            December 3, 2010 Friday

Foreclosure sales down in Utah

BYLINE: Jasen Lee Deseret News

LENGTH: 462 words


SALT LAKE CITY ? The number of foreclosed homes being bought and sold across the
country and in Utah is falling significantly, a new report indicated. The
RealtyTrac Third Quarter 2010 U.S. Foreclosure Sales Report showed that
foreclosed homes accounted for 25 percent of all U.S. residential sales in the
third quarter of 2010, with the average sales price of properties that sold
while in some stage of foreclosure more than 32 percent below the average sales
price of properties not in the foreclosure process.

That was up from a 26 percent discount in the previous quarter and 29 percent in
the third quarter of last year. In Utah, foreclosed homes accounted for just
over 20 percent homes sold during the quarter, but prices only discounted about
3 percent, the report noted. Sales of foreclosed properties ? default, scheduled
for auction or bank-owned (REO) ? in Utah fell nearly 30 percent from the
previous quarter and 21 percent from the same period in 2009. "The RealtyTrac
report confirms that there are fewer foreclosures in Salt Lake City and Utah
compared to the rest of the nation," said Bill Heiner, president of the Salt
Lake Board of Realtors. "With fewer homes for sale in the Salt Lake area, home
prices are beginning to stabilize and even increase in some neighborhoods."
Distressed properties continue to be in high demand by Utah buyers, he said,
which explains why those properties were not as heavily discounted in Utah
compared with other parts of the country. According to the report, the average
sales price for a Utah foreclosure was $214,472 compared to $169,523 nationally.
The average sales price of properties not in foreclosure was $249,721, up 6.42
percent from the previous quarter and up 4.36 percent from the third quarter of
2009, the report states. Sales volume of non-foreclosure properties decreased 29
percent from the previous quarter and nearly 31 percent from the third quarter
of 2009. Foreclosure sales accounted for nearly 54 percent of all sales in
Nevada in the third quarter, the highest percentage of any state. In Arizona,
foreclosure sales accounted for nearly 47 percent of all sales in the third
quarter, followed by California where foreclosure sales accounted for nearly 40
percent of all sales in the Golden State. "The expiration of the homebuyer tax
credit in the second quarter created a substantial dip in overall buyer demand
in the third quarter," said James Saccacio, chief executive officer of
RealtyTrac. "Demand for foreclosures also dipped in the third quarter, but those
who did purchase a short sale or REO during the quarter were able to get an
average discount of more than 32 percent ? the highest average foreclosure
discount we've seen since the fourth quarter of 2005." e-mail: jlee@desnews.com

LOAD-DATE: December 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Deseret News Publishing Co.

                              882 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                             April 5, 2005 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

ORGAN DONOR DISCOUNT MIGHT END

BYLINE: By Brian Basinger Morris News Service

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B05

LENGTH: 406 words

DATELINE: ATLANTA


Gov. Sonny Perdue on Monday praised the efforts of organ transplant advocates
just days after the Georgia Legislature passed a bill he backed that would do
away with discounted driver's licenses for organ donors.

Under the legislation, Georgians who sign up as organ donors would have to pay
$15 for their licenses instead of the lower $8 price that has been available for
registered donors since 1995.

The proposed policy change, which awaits Mr. Perdue's signature to become law,
is part of a bill that revamps the Department of Motor Vehicle Safety to improve
customer service at driver's license facilities.

Speaking Monday during the transplant rally at the Capitol, the governor painted
himself as a strong proponent of organ donations.

"No gift we can give is more precious than the gift of life," he said, noting
that 1,600 Georgians now await transplants.

However, some advocates attending the rally said they worry that fewer drivers
will register as donors if the discounted license price is no longer offered.

"I think if they had to pay full price, we would have fewer," said Joy Stokes, a
29-year-old Barrow County bus driver whose husband donated a kidney to save her
father's life in December.

The most recent data available from DMVS officials show that drivers eligible
for the discount are up to 40 percent more likely to sign up as potential donors
than those who don't qualify for the $8 price, such as veterans who get their
licenses for free.

Mr. Perdue has pointed out, however, that no scientific evidence shows that
people who receive the discounted licenses are more likely to end up donating
organs than people who don't receive the discount.

Mr. Perdue, a Republican, first pushed to end the donor discount program two
years ago when he took office, arguing that the move would bring an extra $4.4
million to the state, which was then suffering from a budget shortfall. The
proposal was later dropped from his budget plan, however.

A rebounding economy this year led the governor to propose a record $17.4
billion budget - a $1 billion increase over last year - leaving some Democrats
to wonder why Mr. Perdue is still pushing for the end of the organ donor
discount.

"You've got $1 billion in new spending, so I don't know why you would need $4
million," said Senate Minority Caucus Chairman Tim Golden, D-Valdosta, who voted
against House Bill 501.

Reach Brian Basinger at (404) 681-1701 or brian.basinger@morris.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation

                              883 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

A2IM Discount: LAMC (NYC, July 6-9)

LENGTH: 217 words

DATELINE: New York



 United States: American Association of Independent Music  has issued the
following news release:



 "LAMC is to Latin Alternative the way the Sundance Film Festival is to indie
movies." - NEW YORK TIMES
 Join thousands of entrepreneurs, musicians, DJs, journalists, marketers,
managers, programmers and all kinds of music lovers in New York City to
celebrate LAMC's 17th year! We are returning to the Affinia Manhattan Hotel at
7th Avenue and 31st Street in Midtown Manhattan.





 Registration is now open; discounted yet once again for A2IM members.
www.LatinAlternative.com



 Check out this LAMC recap video.



 Discounted Hotel Rates now available for those coming in from out of town.



 Among the events planned for LAMC 2016 are free concerts across New York as
well industry panels, Q&A with special guests, great stands and much more.



 Panels and concert information will be announced in the next few weeks. The
LAMC does sell out (and it's amazing to say that) so please register early.



 Support change, support music, art and culture. Support the LAMC.



 Listen to the "LAMC Mixtape" every Sunday and Tuesday on En Vivo / SiriusXM Ch.
152.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              884 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 2, 2016 Saturday

17th Annual LATIN ALTERNATIVE MUSIC CONFERENCE is JULY 6-9!

LENGTH: 199  words

DATELINE: New York



 United States: American Association of Independent Music  has issued the
following news release:



 Join thousands of entrepreneurs, musicians, DJs, journalists, marketers,
managers, programmers and all kinds of music lovers in New York City to
celebrate LAMC's 17th year! We are returning to the Affinia Manhattan Hotel at
7th Avenue and 31st Street in Midtown Manhattan.





 Registration is now open; discounted yet once again for A2IM members.
www.LatinAlternative.com



 Check out this LAMC recap video.



 Discounted Hotel Rates now available for those coming in from out of town.



 Among the events planned for LAMC 2016 are free concerts across New York as
well industry panels, Q&A with special guests, great stands and much more.



 Panels and concert information will be announced in the next few weeks. The
LAMC does sell out (and it's amazing to say that) so please register early.



 Support change, support music, art and culture. Support the LAMC.



 Listen to the "LAMC Mixtape" every Sunday and Tuesday on En Vivo / SiriusXM Ch.
152.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              885 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                           December 21, 2013 Saturday
                              Buffalo News Edition

NIAGARA NEWS BRIEFS

SECTION: D,D; Pg. 0

LENGTH: 495 words


MEALS ON WHEELS

Discounted electricity puts focus on needs of foundation

Discounted electricity worth about $5,000 in annual savings will be sold to
Meals on Wheels for the next seven years in an effort to direct more of the
nonprofit's resources to food.

The money saved on the electric bill each year is enough to cover about 1,200 to
1,300 meals, according to State Sen. Tim Kennedy.

"It's really a magnificent investment," Kennedy said Friday, when the state deal
was announced.

The power will go to the expanded Meals on Wheels headquarters at James E. Casey
Way, where about 5,000 meals are made each day for 3,500, many delivered by
1,500 volunteers to senior citizens living at home and people with disabilities.

The New York Power Authority board of trustees approved about 86 kilowatts to
the foundation that finances these low-cost meals.

Meals on Wheels, which has about 100 employees, hopes the news will raise public
awareness and encourage more volunteers to sign up. With more people available
to deliver, more can be served, Kennedy said.

Volunteer shortages are especially critical in Concord, Sardinia, Holland and
Boston. "We ask for support in delivering these meals," he said. For more
information, contact the Volunteer Services Department at 822-2002 or visit
mealsonwheelswny.org/volunteer.

PUBLIC RALLY

Ukrainians from the region to gather at the Peace Bridge

Ukrainians from Western New York and southern Ontario will rally at the Peace
Bridge from 2 to 4 p.m. Sunday to show support for the pro-European protesters
in their home country.

The Peace Bridge and the Electric Tower in downtown Buffalo will be lit in blue
and yellow, the colors of the Ukrainian flag, Sunday night.

The protests, known as Euromaidan, began in Kiev on Nov. 21, when students
demonstrated against the government's decision not to sign an association
agreement with the European Union, but to ally more closely with Russia.

TOWN OF WHEATFIELD

Settlement in suspension on agenda of meeting Monday

WHEATFIELD - The Wheatfield Town Board has called a special meeting for 7:30
p.m. Monday in Town Hall to consider a settlement with the town's suspended
recreation director.

Town Attorney Robert O'Toole said Friday that the disciplinary hearing against
Edward Sturgeon was called off Thursday, as the sides reached an agreement.

O'Toole and Sturgeon's attorney, Charles J. Naughton, said they would not
discuss the terms until after the board approves the deal.

Sturgeon was suspended from his job in June after a state audit showed $1,639 in
cash receipts from the Fairmount Park concession stand between 2009 and this
year could not be accounted for. Sturgeon, who was recreation director for nine
years, was not accused of stealing the money but rather of keeping such poor
records that it could not be found.

Naughton said after the first session of the hearing on Nov. 25 that money was
found after the suspension in a coffee can in Sturgeon's desk and an envelope in
a refrigerator.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              886 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                            February 12, 2017 Sunday

Passion can trump tech at ballot box

BYLINE: Jaime Watt

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 801 words


To say that election campaigning has changed significantly over the years is to
state the obvious. And nothing has propelled campaign teams to grow more
sophisticated and develop sharper insights than the rise of technology.

At one time, local campaigners would stand in front of the local Tim Hortons and
meet every voter who came by. Now, campaigns mine databases to find the three
people on a given street most likely to vote for their candidate and go talk
just to them. It's a whole new world.

Big data has given political parties a greater understanding of not only who
votes for them and why but how they think and feel as well. Facebook clicks,
tweets and TV-watching habits are parsed by campaign teams. Knowing your
favourite TV show allows them to predict your opinions on climate change policy.

By and large, this new world order works: Former U.S. president Barack Obama's
campaign's ability to do a superior job of mining information propelled it to
victory. The Stephen Harper Conservatives were masterful in targeting their
voters and hammering home their message, ignoring the distractions of the media.

Both campaigns successfully, and with intention, spoke to voters who were open
to their message and to their policies. Both also had an important understanding
of the shape of the electorate. Both campaigns delivered wins based on their
strategic appeals to specific segments of the population.

But, as anyone who has experienced a computer meltdown knows, technology is not
always king.

Prime Minister Justin Trudeau's Liberals and the Republican party that chose
Donald Trump as its presidential candidate are very different: one party prides
itself on its evidence-based approach and thoughtful co-ordination, while the
other stakes its claim on brash talk. But both have similar electoral roots.

Donald Trump's victory relied on blue-collar white voters across the Midwest who
had grown increasingly conservative in their outlook over the past two decades,
but who tended to stay home on election day.

Before the election, the media and the Democrats seemed to think states such as
Wisconsin, Pennsylvania, Michigan, Minnesota and Ohio would all remain part of
the Democratic coalition simply because many disaffected white voters would sit
out the election and not vote. The states were discounted by media and the
Democrats as part of an immovable "blue wall" that would see them remain part of
the Democratic coalition for years to come, in spite of the disaffection that
was swirling within them.

Justin Trudeau's victory relied on young voters, whose voting participation was
historically far below that of middle-aged and older Canadians. Their views,
which were stridently out of touch with Harper's, were discounted. As people who
conventional wisdom said would never vote, they were simply of little concern to
the Conservatives.

The 2015 Canadian election and the 2016 U.S. election delivered stunning rebukes
to those who believed citizens who were unlikely to participate in elections
never would.

One of the under-reported facts of the last Canadian federal election is that
the Conservatives lost few actual voters. Instead, the Liberals' margin of
victory was in large part due to the large turnout of young voters who had been
discounted as non-voters.

Hillary Clinton's lumbering, data-heavy campaign was similarly overtaken,
against all expectations and prognostications, by a surging white vote. The
campaigns proved that, for all data can account for, it can't account for
passion.

The campaigns also proved that what politicians do still matters - both on the
campaign and in government.

When Donald Trump announces a travel ban against people from seven countries, it
may enrage media pundits, but only cements his political future, because as much
as it upsets some of the electorate, it makes it much more likely that those
former non-voters will become ongoing members of his voting coalition.

When Justin Trudeau announces a marijuana policy that ignites criticism from
social conservatives and older Canadians, it doesn't hurt his government: rather
it reinforces the idea that he is something new and exciting for young voters
and helps ensure they will return to the polls in 2019.

In fact, Trump and Trudeau have to govern in a way that keeps the faith of their
target voters. Should they fall in to the trap of the same old politics that led
their target voters to sit out previous elections, they risk losing the
enthusiasm they generated with the result that those newly animated voters will
return to their La-Z-Boys.

It's a data-driven world, to be sure, but these two transformative political
figures have demonstrated that organic enthusiasm can still trump cynical
technocracy.

Jaime Watt is the executive chairman of Navigator Ltd.

and a Conservative strategist.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2017 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited

                              887 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                           September 27, 2013 Friday

'Topeka Day' discounts offered Saturday at local attractions

BYLINE: The Capital-Journal

LENGTH: 243 words


Residents of Topeka will be offered discounted admission to several of the
city's tourism attractions Saturday during "Topeka Day," a promotion of the
Topeka Tourism Alliance.

The group has on various weekend days designated different cities in northeast
Kansas for discounted admissions. Topeka's day comes this weekend, and discounts
are available only to residents of Topeka on that day.

The discounts include:

- The Kansas Museum of History, 6425 S.W. 6th, is offering free admission to all
Topeka residents. Hours: 1-5 p.m.

- Mini-Train and Carousel at Gage Park, S.W. 6th and Gage. Half-price admission
for Topeka residents off mini-train regular price of $1.25 and carousel regular
price of $1. Hours: 10 a.m. to 4:45 p.m.

- Old Prairie Town, 124 N.W. Fillmore. Half-price admission for Topeka residents
off regular tour admissions of $4.50 for adults, $4 for seniors and $2 for
children ages 6-12.  Guided tours Saturday at noon and 2 p.m.

- Great Overland Station, 701 N. Kansas Ave. Topeka Day discount of $1 off
regular admission price of $5 for adults, $4 for seniors and $2 for children
ages 3-12. Hours: 10 a.m. to 4 p.m., with last admission at 3:15 p.m.

- Charles Curtis House Museum, 1101 S.W. Topeka Blvd.,  $1 off regular admission
of $5. Hours: 11 a.m. to 3 p.m.

- Kansas Children's Discovery Center, 4400 S.W. 10th. Topeka Day discount: $1
off regular admission of $7.25 for children and adults and  $6.25 for seniors.
Hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              888 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              April 1, 2012 Sunday

Military Rec: Carolina Rebellion concert tickets discounted for military

BYLINE: The Fayetteville Observer, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 374 words


April 01--The promoters putting on the upcoming Carolina Rebellion concert are
offering a military discount.

The concert is scheduled for May 5 at Rockingham Speedway and features a
multi-artist lineup that includes Shinedown, Korn, Evanescence and Staind, among
other modern rock bands.

General admission tickets plus service fees are $82.10, but by following the
link provided on Pope Field's Facebook page, military ID cardholders can order
tickets at a $10 discount. Be prepared to show military ID at the gate.

The military discount seems to only apply to general admission tickets, although
packages for camping at the venue the night before the concert and for VIP
access are available.

For more information about the concert, visit carolinarebellion.com. Access the
link for military discount tickets by searching for Pope Field on Facebook.

Volunteers sought

Pope Fitness Center has been hosting the Mid-Carolina Senior Games for years.
It's a given that every year, hundreds of senior athletes from Cumberland,
Harnett and Sampson counties gather to compete in a variety of events.

And every year, the event coordinators need just as many volunteers to keep
everything running smoothly.

This year's Senior Games are scheduled for April 11 from 7:30 a.m. to 1 p.m.
Contact Raymond Quinones at raymond.e.quinones.naf @mail.mil or call 396-9031 to
sign up to volunteer.

For more information about the Games or to sign up to compete, contact local
coordinator Tracy Davis at 323-4191.

Women's softball

The tryouts for the men's post softball team wrapped up Thursday, freeing up the
Pope Softball Complex for the women's team to take the field this month.

Tryouts for the women's post team will begin April 23 and run Monday through
Friday until May 11. Potential players will meet each night at the complex at
6:30 p.m.

The post team is open to active-duty military personnel assigned to Fort Bragg.

For more information about the team or tryouts, contact Art Rimbert at 907-5417.

Community sports writer Jaclyn Shambaugh can be reached at
shambaughj@fayobserver.com or 609-0651.

___ (c)2012 The Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) Visit The
Fayetteville Observer (Fayetteville, N.C.) at www.fayobserver.com Distributed by
MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120401-FY-Military-Rec-Carolina-Rebellion-concert-tickets-discounted
-for-military-0401-20120401

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FY


                    Copyright 2012 The Fayetteville Observer

                              889 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             March 8, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL Edition

Golf expo heralds beginning of spring;
The Portland Golf Expo aims to make the game more affordable with free and
discounted rounds available.

BYLINE: TOM CHARD Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 544 words


For the 17th consecutive year, the Portland Golf Expo will aim to get area
golfers ready for their first swings of the season. After a long winter, golfers
are eager to get started.

''Golf is right around the corner,'' said Scott Mayer, a co-owner of the
Portland Golf Expo. ''I think people are ready.

The annual expo will be held Saturday and Sunday at Holiday Inn By The Bay on
Spring Street in Portland. Hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. on Saturday and 9 a.m. to
3 p.m. on Sunday. Admission is $9 at the door, but there are discounted
admission prices available at www.portlandgolfexpo.com.

''We've got some pretty neat stuff going on,'' said Mayer, the director of golf
instruction at Nonesuch River Golf Course in Scarborough.

''We'll be giving away thousands of dollars in door prizes and drawings. It's a
great chance to get deals from local courses. We want to make golf more
affordable.''

The golf expo will offer improvement clinics for players of all ages and
abilities, clinics on getting your body in shape for the season, discounted
equipment from top companies, long drive, closest to the pin and putting
contests along with chances to win Cape Cod golf vacations and free rounds.

In addition, attendees will receive a bonus subscription to Golf Digest or Golf
World magazines.

''The big news is that Willowdale Golf Club in Scarborough is making a grand
entrance into the show by giving away 1,000 rounds of golf,'' said Mayer.

''The first 500 paid admissions through the door each day will receive a free
round of golf (limit one per person). The course has been upgraded over the last
few years. I played the course five times last year and the greens were in great
shape.''

The clinicians include Dr. John Hayes, a Portland chiropractor, who will talk
about improving golf posture through exercise, maintaining strength for seniors
and three keys to explosive power; John Carey of Cleveland Golf on gap fitting
your clubs and playing the correct ball; Ron Bibeau, head pro at Riverside Golf
Course on fundamentals and how they affect your game; Mayer on the fundamentals
of the mind and how to play the game of golf and Jim Fairbanks, assistant pro at
Nonesuch River GC, on 100 yards and in. Check the website for clinic times.

Authors Ken Altshuler and Dennis Walch will be there to talk about their golf
books. Altshuler wrote ''Golf Foreplay - Everything you need to know about golf
except how to play.'' Walch, a former Westbrook High golf coach and teacher,
wrote ''The Greens of Maine - I Played Them All.'' Walch writes about achieving
his goal of playing every public course in Maine.

A silent auction - ''Operation Homefront'' - is back for the second year. It
raises money to provide financial and other assistance to the families of
service members. Last year, the golf expo donated $2,000 to Operation Homefront.

Every year at this time, golfers begin to guess when the courses will open.

''I've been a golf pro for 22 years,'' said Mayer, who grew up in Rockland.

''I've noted each year the date we open and with the exception of two of three
seasons, it's been the second weekend in April,'' he said.

After a tough winter, golfers will be thrilled if that proves true again.


Staff Writer Tom Chard can be contacted at 791-6419 or at:

tchard@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 MaineToday Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              890 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            September 9, 2016 Friday

Hamilton chamber offers discounted rate to other chambers' members

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Journal-News, Hamilton, Ohio

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 442 words


Sept. 09--A new membership tier from the Greater Hamilton Chamber of Commerce
offers a discounted rate to businesses that already have membership with another
chamber.

To qualify for the Associate Membership Tier, a business must be a member in
good standing of their home chamber -- the city in which their business is
located -- and have between one and 25 employees, according to Tiffany Grubb,
membership development coordinator.

Businesses that qualify to be Associate Members can join the Greater Hamilton
Chamber for $150 per year and have full membership benefits.

"(We're) aking a number of steps to work more regionally and in partnership with
all of the other Chambers in Southwest Ohio," Grubb said. "Our businesses
understand that there are many issues that don't stop at political boundaries
and that it is in the best interest of businesses regionally to work together.

As an example, Grubb said nearly all businesses in our region are struggling
with filling their workforce needs.

"Rather than creating initiatives at every chamber, including the five chambers
in Butler County, it makes sense for us to work cooperatively," she said. "As a
part of this effort, it's especially important for small businesses to be able
to participate in the process with their peers in multiple locations but it
becomes financially burdensome to join chambers across the region."

For that reason, Greater Hamilton Chamber of Commerce felt that an associate
membership tier would encourage small businesses from beyond its normal service
area to be members of multiple chambers without creating any type of financial
stress, Grubb said.

"This brings benefits both to those businesses as well as our stakeholders from
the Greater Hamilton area," she said. "Our stakeholders will gain exposure to
more of their peers in the region which gives them an opportunity to learn from
each other's experience, grow their businesses, and become an even more
important part of our community."

In addition, those businesses that are from outside the chamber's normal service
area have an opportunity to connect better with the "significant potential" of
the Hamilton market, Grubb said.

In addition to the Associate Membership Tier, the chamber recently introduce a
Start-Up Business Tier that allows businesses to join the chamber for $150
during their first year in business. Membership then reverts to standard rate
after first year of membership.

For more information, call 513-844-1500 or email tiffany@hamilton-ohio.com

___ (c)2016 the Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Journal-News (Hamilton,
Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: September 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160909-HL-Hamilton-chamber-offers-discounted
-rate-to-other-chambers-members-0909-20160909

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2016 The Journal-News

                              891 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tifton Gazette (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 13, 2011 Saturday

Discounted vet programs will begin Sept. 1

BYLINE: Latasha Everson, The Tifton Gazette, Ga.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 278 words


Aug. 13--TIFTON -- The Tifton-Tift County Animal Shelter would like to inform
pet owners that as of Sept. 1, each veterinarian may be approved for up to three
discounted procedures each month, according to a notice from the Georgia
Department of Agriculture Dog and Cat Sterilization Program.

Director Regenia Wells advised that there are three spay and neuter programs --
Spay of Georgia, Friends of the Humane Society and Save Our Pets. She said for
the state of Georgia, there are now 30 forms per month for the Spay of Georgia
program, 10 per month for Friends of the Humane Society and 10 per month for
Save Our Pets. Only one pet per household is accepted.

Wells said only Tifton/Tift County residents pay $10 to the staff assistant at
the local animal shelter, fill out an application for approval and then an
appointment is made at a local vet. Once the animal is taken to the vet, owners
pay $20 plus shots.

Tifton has two vet offices, Quailwood Animal Hospital and Branch's Veterinary
Clinic, with five veterinarians in each office.

Wells advised that revenue from the sale and renewal of the spay/neuter license
plates goes back into the spay and neuter program.

"People need to take advantage of this," Wells said. "Pets are better pets when
they are spayed and neutered."

To contact reporter Latasha Everson, call 382-4321.

To see more of The Tifton Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.tiftongazette.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Tifton Gazette, Ga.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110813-TJ-Discounted-vet-programs-will-begin-Sept-1-0813-20110813

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TJ


                       Copyright 2011 The Tifton Gazette

                              892 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Waterloo Courier (Iowa)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 16, 2007 Thursday

Appeals court rules against Jerry Mark retrial

BYLINE: Jeff Reinitz, Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, Iowa

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 346 words


Aug. 16--CEDAR FALLS -- The 8th Circuit Court of Appeals has sided with
prosecutors in the appeal of a 32-year-old murder case.

The ruling, which was handed down today, means Jerry Mark won't get a new trial
in the 1975 shooting deaths of his brother and sister-in-law, Les and Jorjean
Mark, and their two children.

Authorities said Jerry Mark, now 64, rode his motorcycle from his home in
California to his brother's home in rural Cedar Falls and committed the murders
because of an inheritance argument.

In the more than 30 years since his trial, some pieces of evidence have been
discounted, and in September 2006 a U.S. district court judge granted a new
trial in part because evidence had been kept from the defense during the
original trial.

The Iowa Attorney General's Office appealed the ruling, and today the 8th
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed the lower court's order.

One of the pieces of discounted evidence presented at trial was a cigarette butt
which had saliva that matched Jerry Mark's blood type. Later, when DNA
comparison became possible, the butt was tested and was found to have someone
else's DNA.

The appellate court's ruling, which was penned by Judge Raymond Gruender, said
the discounted evidence was "slight" when compared to the overall evidence that
implicated Jerry Mark in the crime. The court also said the new DNA evidence
wasn't "clear and convincing evidence" that would have pointed to his innocence.

Other evidence in the case included that fact he purchased .38-caliber Long Colt
bullets before the shooting and had initially gave investigators false
information about the route of his motorcycle trip.

To see more of the Waterloo-Cedar Falls Courier, or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.wcfcourier.com/. Copyright (c) 2007, Waterloo-Cedar
Falls Courier, Iowa Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For
reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or
847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group
Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20070816-OO-Appeals-court-rules-against-Jerry-Mark-retrial-0816

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: OO


                        Copyright 2007 Waterloo Courier

                              893 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Discounted Omaha Symphony Tickets

LENGTH: 66  words

DATELINE: New York



 Omaha: University of Nebraska Madical center has issued the following news
release:



  Discounted Omaha Symphony Tickets

 The Omaha Symphony is offering a promotional code to members of the UNMC and
Nebraska Medicine community to purchase discounted tickets to performances
all...



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              894 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 13, 2017 Friday

Discounted Omaha Symphony Tickets

LENGTH: 66  words

DATELINE: New York



 Omaha: University of Nebraska Madical center has issued the following news
release:



  Discounted Omaha Symphony Tickets

 The Omaha Symphony is offering a promotional code to members of the UNMC and
Nebraska Medicine community to purchase discounted tickets to performances
all...



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com


LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              895 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 16, 2016 Tuesday

California: Early-Bird Registration, Hotel Availability Closing Soon for NASDA's
100th Anniversary Meeting

LENGTH: 190  words

DATELINE: New York



 Sacramento: State Departments of Agriculture, The State of California has
issued the following news release:



   Register today for the 2016 NASDA Annual Meeting! Discounted registration
fees and NASDA's discounted hotel room block both expire on Tuesday, August 30.
Why should you attend? Nebraska Director of Agriculture Greg Ibach is excited to
showcase the scope of Nebraska agriculture to attendees from across the country.
Our activities will allow you to mingle with Nebraska agricultural businesses
who are worldwide leaders in providing food, feed, and fuel to consumers around
the globe, network with leading agriculture policymakers, learn from amazing
keynote speakers, and gain insight on emerging legislative and regulatory
issues. To amplify our 100th anniversary, the opening night of the conference
will feature a private concert by the 2015 ACM New Artist of the Year, Cole
Swindell.





 Make plans to travel to Nebraska, September 21 -24, as we celebrate the 100th
Anniversary of NASDA. You won't want to miss it.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              896 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Register Guard (Eugene, Oregon)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 26, 2012 Sunday

LTD to introduce 10-ride ticket books at discounted fare

BYLINE: Greg Bolt, The Register-Guard, Eugene, Ore.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 408 words


Aug. 26--People tired of fishing for the right number of quarters to pay their
bus fare will have an easier option when Lane Transit District starts selling
10-ride ticket books next month.

Each ticket will be good for one ride on any LTD bus, and two tickets will buy a
day pass good for unlimited rides for that day. The books will cost $16 each and
will be available at LTD customer service locations and sales outlets, which
include some grocery and convenience stores and bookstores at Lane Community
College and the University of Oregon.

That price works out to $1.60 per ride, which is a discount from the cash fare
of $1.75 per ride. LTD spokesman Andy Vobora said part of the reason for adding
ticket books was to give riders an option that blunts a fare increase that went
into effect earlier this year when the one-way cash fare rose from $1.50 per
ride.

Youths age 6 to 18 who currently ride for half price will be able to purchase
tickets books for $8. The books should be available around the middle of
September, and the district will publicly launch the program in early October.

The ticket books will fill a gap in LTD's fare options that appeared when it
discontinued bus tokens in 2009. The tokens, a metal disc about the size of a
quarter, were expensive to maintain because they had to be retrieved from fare
boxes, inventoried, repackaged and redistributed to vendors.

"It was just a lot more labor-intensive," Vobora said.

In contrast, tickets in the fare book will be about the size of a $1 bill and
will be inserted in the bill slot in the fare box on each bus. While the paper
can be recycled, the tickets won't be reused.

The ticket books will provide a convenient option for people who use the bus
occasionally but not often enough to justify getting a monthly or three-month
pass, Vobora said. They will eliminate the need to have the exact fare for a
one-way ride or day pass.

Ticket books also can be purchased as gifts or to encourage people to use mass
transit more often. They will replace the pass books LTD sells to social service
agencies that serve people in need.

Tickets will work both on regular buses and the EmX routes.

They will be valid for two years.

The location of LTD sales outlets where ticket books will be sold is available
on the agency's website, www.ltd.org.

___ (c)2012 The Register-Guard (Eugene, Ore.) Visit The Register-Guard (Eugene,
Ore.) at www.registerguard.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120826-EU-LTD-to-introduce-10-ride-ticket-books-at-discounted
-fare-20120826

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: EU


                       Copyright 2012 The Register Guard

                              897 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 11, 2013 Friday

BRIEF: Visiting Nurses group offers discounted flu shots

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 105 words


Jan. 11--Rehabilitation and Visiting Nurse Association is offering discounted
influenza vaccines in Greeley this week for people ages 6 older.

Shots are available for $20 from 3 to 6 p.m. on Tuesday and 9 a.m. to noon on
Thursday at 2105 Clubhouse Dr.

Limited high-dosage vaccines are available for those aged 65 and older.

Acceptable forms of payment include Medicare and private pay. Receipts are
available upon request.

Call the group at (970) 330-5655 with additional questions.

___ (c)2013 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130111-GY-BRF-Visiting-Nurses-group-offers-discounted
-flu-shots-0111-20130111

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2013 Greeley Tribune

                              898 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             June 5, 2014 Thursday

Which zoos are near Elkhart County?

BYLINE: Clara Bush, The Elkhart Truth, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 517 words


June 05--Now that the sun is out and the temperatures are warm enough for an
outside stroll, a trip to the zoo may be in order.

While there isn't a zoo in Elkhart County, you don't have to drive too far to
find one. Here's some information about the ones nearby:

Potawatomi Zoo

Where: 500 S. Greenlawn Ave., South Bend

Hours: 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily

Admission: adults, $8.50; children ages 3-14, $6.50; seniors 62 and older,
$6.50; children two and younger, free.

Membership: Cost ranges between $30 and $65, but members get unlimited access to
the zoo as well as a discounted rate to other zoos.

Special events: Members can enjoy a picnic from 5:30 to 8:30 p.m. July 19.

Washington Park Zoo

Where: 115 Lake Shore Drive, Michigan City

Hours: From Memorial Day to Labor Day, hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.

Admission: adults, $6.50; seniors 62 and older, $5.50, chil­dren ages
3\x{2212}11, $5.50; chil­dren 2 younger, free.

Lincoln Park Zoo

Where: 2001 N. Clark St., Chicago

Hours: From Memorial Day to Labor Day, hours are 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. weekdays and
10 a.m. to 6:30 p.m. weekends.

Admission: It's free to visit, but parking can cost anywhere from $20 to $35
after 30 minutes.

Membership: There are three levels of membership, and benefits include parking
discounts, gift shop discounts and a free subscription to the zoo's magazine.

Special events: The zoo has weekly and monthly events, including an after-hours
visit (for people 16 and older) and kids summer theater.

Brookfield Zoo

Where: 3300 Golf Road, Brookfield, Ill.

Hours: 9:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday to Saturday, 9:30 a.m. to 7:30 p.m. Sunday

Admission: General admission is $16.95 for adults, $11.95 for seniors 65 and
older and $11.95 for children 3 to 11. Active, reservist and retired members of
the military will be admitted for free. Parking a car costs $10.

Membership: Membership can cost anywhere from $65 to $450, depending on the
number of people and the desired benefits, which include free admission,
discounted and free parking, attraction discounts, and gift shop and restaurant
special offers.

Special events: Special events include zoo chats about giraffes for World
Giraffe Day and Summer Nights, which will feature live music, discounted rates
and kids' activities.

Fort Wayne Childen's Zoo

Where: 3411 Sherman Blvd., Fort Wayne

Hours: 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. daily from April 26 to Oct. 12, 2014

Admission: General admission is $14 for adults, $10.50 for seniors and $9 for
children 2 18 years old. Babies 1 year old and younger and zoo members get in
for free. Parking is free. Rides, concessions, wagon and stroller rentals and
duck food may have additional costs.

Membership: Membership can cost between $75 and $2,400, depending on the package
chosen. Benefits range from free admission, discount admission to other zoos and
a personal adventure with the zoo director.

Special Events: The zoo has weekly events, including a members-only "Wild
Wednesday" late night event and an "Animals Got Talent" showcase.

___ (c)2014 The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart, Ind). Visit The Elkhart Truth (Elkhart,
Ind). at www.elkharttruth.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140605-1ET-Which-zoos-are-near-Elkhart-County-0605-20140605

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1ET


                                 Copyright 2014

                              899 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            January 27, 2014 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Sale Insider by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 295 words


February special

Golden's Foothills Animal Shelter is offering discounted spay and neuter
services in February in celebration of World Spay Day (Feb. 25). The "de tails"
are $60 for dogs and $20 for cats. All procedures must be performed at the
Foothills Animal Shelter, and some restrictions may apply. By appointment only.
580 McIntyre St., Golden, 720 407 5215

Man datory shopping

Select fall and winter merchandise has been discounted 40 to 50 percent as part
of the Half Yearly sale at Moda Man. The upscale men's apparel store carries
such lines as La Marque, Ross Graison, Haupt, Benjamin Roth and Stone Ross. Sale
items include sport coats, pants, jeans, sport shirts, jackets and more. Hours
are 10 a.m. to 7 p.m. Monday through Thursday, until 8 p.m. Friday and Saturday,
and noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. 1459 Larimer St., 303 862 5949, modaman.com

Brush up on savings

The "Art Supply Sale" continues through March 2 (while supplies last) at all
three Meininger locations in Boulder, Colorado Springs and Denver. This art
supply haven is offering discounts on papers, pencils, portfolios, notebooks,
pads, drawing supplies, brushes and more. 499 Broadway, 303 698 3838; 201 S.
Weber St., Colorado Springs, 719 578 8070; 1135 Broadway St., Boulder, 303 444
3063; meininger.com

Free days this week

Jan. 31: Molly Brown House, mollybrown.org

Feb. 1: Denver Art Museum, denverartmuseum.org

Feb. 2: Denver Museum of Nature & Science, dmns.org; Denver Zoo, denverzoo.org;
Denver Museum of Miniatures, Dolls & Toys, 1 4 p.m., dmmdt.org

Each Monday, "Sale Insider" gives shoppers the inside scoop on store discounts
and bargain events. Preference is given to retailers and events that have not
been listed recently. To include a sale, e mail living@denverpost.com 10 14 days
in advance.

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              900 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The American Banker

Metropolitan Life Helping Banks Market Products Via Group Plans

                           February 22, 1985, Friday

DATELINE: NEW YORK


In today's joint marketing ventures between banks and insurers, the insurer
typically offers its products to bank customers. But Metropolitan Life Insurance
Co. is exploring the potential of the reverse strategy - teaming up with banks
to market their products, as well as its own, to employees of its corporate
group insurance clients.

In a year-and-a-half-old experiment with the insurer, three banks - the Third
National Bank and Trust Co., Dayton, Ohio; the Southern Bank and Trust Co.,
Greenville, S.C.; and NCNB National Bank of Florida, Tampa - have been offering
their products at a discount to Met Life employees at selected offices.

The insurer initiated the experimental program with its own employees, to
explore the possibility of selling full financial services at the workplace.
''We don't want to get into the banking business, so we looked for banking
partners,'' said Philip Briggs, executive vice president of Met Life, in a
recent interview.

The pilot programs have been successful, he said, and Met Life is now
considering teaming up with these or other banks to offer both discounted bank
products and discounted individual insurance products to employees of its
corporate clients.

The insurer began offering discounted bank products to its own employees in
Dayton, Tampa, and Greenville in late 1983.  At present, about 700 people are
enrolled in the program. ''That's about 40% of those eligible,'' said Fran
Smyth, assistant vice president of group staff operations.

The pilot program was started in Dayton, in partnership with the Third National
Bank. The program costs employees $6.50 a month. The fee buys a direct deposit
checking account; a no-minimum savings account; an on-site automated teller
machine; no-fee travelers checks, cashier's checks, and money orders; a 25%
discount on closing costs of a first mortgage; and access to discount brokerage
services with a rebate on the first brokerage transaction.

Dayton participants also get a MasterCard and Visa card (if deemed creditworthy
by the bank) and ''favorable rates on unsecured loans, which are repaid by
preauthorized draft from checking accounts,'' said Ms. Smyth.

Expanding in Greenville and Tampa

The Dayton program was so successful, she added, that the company quickly
followed it with similar pilot projects in Greenville and Tampa. The Greenville
program costs $6.50 a month, the Tampa program $7.75 a month.

''The Greenville program doesn't have an on-site ATM,'' Ms. Smyth said.  ''But
it offers all the other services of the Dayton and Tampa programs, and in
addition provides a safe deposit box at a reduced fee, and credit and debit
cards that charge only 15% interest on outstanding balances.''

Philip Sutherland, senior vice president of Southern Bank and Trust, said in a
telephone interview that the monthly fee to employees is split between the bank
and the insurer.

''We recover our costs from the fee and the interest on deposits,'' he said. The
bank has monitored the profitability of the operation on a monthly basis, ''and
we're satisfied with it,'' Mr. Sutherland said. ''It's not highly profitable,
but this is a volume business.''

Like Met Life, Southern Bank and Trust is interested in expanding the program.
''We belong to a relay ATM network,'' he said, ''so we could offer this in other
cities.''

Under the terms of its agreement with the insurer, neither party can offer the
same products and services with another firm in South Carolina.

If and when the venture is marketed to employees of other corporations, Mr.
Sutherland added, ''we would mutually agree on what products and services to
offer,'' to avoid duplication and competition between the insurance company and
the bank.

Mr. Sutherland described the only problem the bank has encountered in the Met
Life program as ''young employees assuming they can buy credit by paying the
fee. But we haven't lowered our credit standards.''

The problem has been solved, he said, by giving young employees a small credit
line to help them develop a credit record.

Met Life markets the banks' products and services to its employees, and provides
an on-site representative, trained by the bank, to answer employee questions.

''We figure the potential saving to the employee is $300 to $400 a year, for a
$78 annual fee,'' said Ms. Smyth.

''If we expand this to our corporate clients, we would also be offering their
employees our own products at a discount,'' she said.

SECTION: Pg. 1

LENGTH: 746 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1985 American Banker, Inc.

                              901 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The New York Times Blogs
                                   (ArtsBeat)

                             July 28, 2015 Tuesday

Met Opera's Opening-Night Screening Will Shift

BYLINE: MICHAEL COOPER

SECTION: ARTS

LENGTH: 284 words



HIGHLIGHT: The opera canceled the free outdoor screening at Lincoln Center, but
will offer more seats at a simulcast in Times Square.


The Metropolitan Opera, which has made its opening nights more open in recent
years by offering free outdoor simulcasts, said Tuesday that it was canceling
the free screening in the plaza in front of the opera house this year but would
be adding more seats to the one in Times Square.

The Lincoln Center simulcast is being canceled to save money for the Met, which
has been facing serious financial difficulties. It will change some of the
feeling of opening night: in recent years 2,000 people have thronged the plaza
outside the opera house to watch simulcasts of the operas being performed
inside, and to gawk at the passing parade of stars and opera patrons.

It will be quieter there for this year's Sept. 21 opening night performance,
which will feature a new production of Verdi's "Otello" conducted by Yannick
Nézet-Séguin, directed by Bartlett Sher, and starring Aleksandrs Antonenko,
Sonya Yoncheva and Zeljko Lucic.

But the transmission to Times Square will be continued and expanded a bit.
Roughly 500 additional seats will be added for the free simulcast there, where a
total of 2,000 seats will be set up at two locations: between 43rd and 44th
Streets and at Duffy Square, between 46th and 47th Streets. (That screening is
supported by Bloomberg Philanthropies and the Metropolitan Opera Guild, among
others.)

There will be a chance this year for some people to get discounted seats to
experience opening night live. For the first time the Met will offer discounted
rush tickets to its opening gala: it plans to offer 100, $25 orchestra seats
online for the performance. The Met has not yet announced when the discounted
tickets would go on sale; orchestra seats are being sold for $400 to $700.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2015 The News York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              902 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Hour (Norwalk, Connecticut)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             July 14, 2016 Thursday

BRIEF: Discounted parking available online for Aquarium guests

BYLINE: The Hour, Norwalk, Conn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 211 words


July 14--NORWALK -- Paying for parking just got even easier -- and less
expensive -- for guests of the The Maritime Aquarium at Norwalk, thanks to a
discounted advance online option now available with the Norwalk Parking
Authority's Maritime Garage.

Aquarium guests purchasing their tickets in advance online now can enjoy the
additional option of prepaying online for their parking in the Maritime Garage
as well. (The seven-level municipal parking garage is across the street from the
Aquarium's main entrance.) In addition to the convenience, paying online will
save guests 20 percent off the parking rate, while also ensuring a parking space
inside the garage during busy periods, such as summer and holiday weekends.

Guests prepaying for parking in the garage should print the barcoded parking
pass or send it to their smart phone. When arriving at the garage, scan the
barcode at the entry gate and again later at the exit gate.

In November, a parking pay station was installed inside the Aquarium for guests
parked in the Maritime Garage. Until then, parkers' only options were to pay
inside the garage lobby or at the exit gates.

___ (c)2016 The Hour (Norwalk, Conn.) Visit The Hour (Norwalk, Conn.) at
www.thehour.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: July 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160714-NK-BRF-Discounted
-parking-available-online-for-Aquarium-guests-0714-20160714

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: NK


                            Copyright 2016 The Hour

                              903 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            December 17, 2012 Monday

FAIRWAY TO HEAVEN Trump bucks trend by collecting golf links

BYLINE: Lois Weiss

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 537 words


Despite a persistently sluggish US economy, Donald Trump is going for the green.

The famously brash developer has been snatching up golf courses across the
country at a dizzying pace - some at bargain-basement rates, according to
reports.

And while some would see the acquisitions and the millions of dollars the Trump
Organization plans to invest in the properties to upgrade their facilities as a
risk - as the number of rounds of golf played in the US has dropped in each of
the past five years, according to the National Golf Foundation - the Donald, of
course, sees nothing but opportunity as his upgraded courses, he confides, make
"millions of dollars."

That was clear last Friday night when Trump invited 320 members of the former
Ritz-Carlton Golf Club & Spa in Jupiter, Fla., to a ritzy dinner at Trump
International in Palm Beach. The Jupiter club, to be renamed Trump National Golf
Club at Jupiter after the developer bought it last month, had seen better days
of late and was selling memberships at steeply discounted rates.

There was a long waiting list of prospective members hoping to get in at those
discounted rates.

Well, Trump had this to say to them: "You're fired."

The Donald tossed the Ritz list and is said to have already put together a
100-person waiting list of his own - at a time when the economy remains tough,
unemployment high and interest in golf is waning, except, he says, at his
courses.

The Jupiter purchase brings to 12 the number of Trump National golf courses in
the continental US, including the Ferry Point course in The Bronx, which is
under development.

Trump and a group of Chinese groups are believed to be the only ones snatching
up US golf courses. In March, he paid a reported $3 million for a club in
Charlotte, NC, after he spent $150 million for the famed Doral Golf Resort in
Miami.

Morgan Stanley paid $501 million for Doral in 2007, according to a report.

Beginning in 2007, the number of rounds of golf played in the US each year has
fallen by 0.5 percent, 1.8 percent, 0.6 percent, 2.3 percent and 2.5 percent,
according to the NGF.

Trump doesn't appear concerned as folks flock to his courses to experience the
Trump lifestyle.

At the dinner Friday night, Eric Trump, the developer's son, promised members of
the newly christened Trump course at Jupiter that "millions and millions" of
dollars would be poured into the facility.

The ballroom will be enlarged, the locker rooms upgraded and the Jack
Nicklaus-designed course tweaked.

As a kicker, the Jupiter members will also receive reciprocity privileges at all
the Trump clubs in Florida, Trump said, including the oceanfront Mar-a-Lago Club
in Palm Beach and the former Doral resort in Miami.

"It sounds good," said Jupiter member Dr. Joseph Saponaro. "The club we joined
was good but it disintegrated."

After a champagne toast, The Donald was taken aback when he mentioned adding a
forward ladies tee to the ninth hole to make it easier to hit over the water.
The women in the audience responded with a resounding "No."

"We'll have to report back to Jack on that," Trump said.

---

Latest Links:

* Miami

* Charlotte, NC

* Jupiter, Fla.

* Ferry Point (The Bronx)

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Donald's flight path: Donald Trump is making like a superhero
saving distressed golf courses as he leads a lone charge of buying up properties
at bargain prices. [Post photo composite]

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2012 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              904 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

State fair leads pack of weekend activities

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 684 words


By Bill Blankenship

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

If your entertainment plans include a trip to the Kansas State Fair, which
begins Friday in Hutchinson, the deadline to buy discounted advance tickets is
Thursday.

The state fair isn't the only festival on this weekend's calendar. Here is
additional information on the state fair and other events to consider:

n\u2002Kansas State Fair, Friday through Sept. 17, state fairgrounds,
Hutchinson.

Opening weekend grandstand includes "Blue Collar Comedy TV" co-star Bill Engvall
on Friday; Carrie Underwood, who was just nominated for four Country Music
Association Awards, on Saturday; and Southern rock veterans Lynyrd Skynyrd on
Sunday.

There also will be a midway full of carnival rides, the best-looking farm
critters from across the state, lots of free shows and plenty of food .

If you wait until you get to the fair, you will pay $7 to get in if you are 13
to 59 years old, $5 if you are 60 or older, $4 if you are 6 to 12 and nothing if
you are 5 and younger. However, discounted carnival and gate tickets can be
purchased through Thursday at the checkout stands of Dillons stores statewide.

For a full schedule or more inforation, go to www.kansasstatefair.com or call
(800) 363-3247.

n\u2002Brewgrass Festival, 4 p.m. to midnight Friday and 2 p.m. to midnight
Saturday, Burcham Park, 2nd and Indiana, Lawrence.

For a second year, this festival combines beer and music.

The beer is homegrown but not homebrew. It comes from area microbreweries,
including Topeka's Blind Tiger Brewery and Restaurant; Free State Brewing Co.,
of Lawrence; The Power Plant Restaurant & Brewery, of Parkville, Mo.; and 75th
Street Brewery, Flying Monkey Brewery, McCoy's Public House and Boulevard
Brewing Co., all of Kansas City, Mo.

Thirty acts will perform on three stages, with WAR headlining the main stage
Friday and Keller Williams as its prime act Saturday.

Two-day passes are $30, and one-day tickets are $20 with no service charge at
Liberty Hall , Lawrence, or with fees through Ticketmaster, 234-4545, and all of
its outlets .

For a detailed entertainment schedule, go to www.brewgrasslive.com.

n\u2002Aaron Douglas Art Fair, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, Aaron Douglas Art
Park, on S.W. 12th Street in Topeka between Lane and Washburn avenues.

Art, music, children's activities and affordable food are the ingredients of
this celebration of the arts and Topeka's contribution to it through famed black
artist and art educator Aaron Douglas, a contributor to the Harlem Renaissance
of the 1920s.

Admission is free to this inaugural event, which includes a juried art show. For
the entertainment schedule and samples of the featured artists, go to
www.turnaroundteam.org, the Web site of the event's organizer, the Turnaround
Team.

n\u2002Haskell Indian Art Market, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 5
p.m. Sunday, powwow grounds, Haskell Indian Nations University .

Fine art and crafts created by some of the best Indian artists and artisans in
the county are the big attraction of this event, although some people come just
to watch the dancing and eat concessions . Admission is free.

n\u2002Huff 'n Puff Hot Air Balloon Rally, Friday through Sunday, Tinman Circle,
east side of Lake Shawnee.

This year's rally sponsored by the Great Plains Balloon Club will feature a fun
flight at 6 p.m. Friday, balloon glows and tethered rides, with a $5 suggested
donation, at 7:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday and launches at 6 p.m. Friday, 7 a.m.
and 6 p.m. Saturday and 7 a.m. Sunday .

For more about the rally, go to www.huff-n-puff.org.

n\u2002Great Topeka Duck Race, Saturday, south of the swim beach, Lake Shawnee.

This annual fundraiser by area Sertoma clubs offers a classic 1965 Ford Mustang
as the guaranteed first prize. Someone also could win $1 million. There also are
awards for second through 11th place in the race, which starts at 4:30 p.m. The
event begins at 11:30 a.m. with children's activities, hourly door prizes,
entertainment and concessions. Ducks can be adopted for a donation of $5 each by
calling Duck Central at (785) 23-DUCKS or going to www.topekaduckrace.org.goes
here.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              905 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 6, 2006 Wednesday

State fair leads pack of weekend activities

SECTION: 1A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 684 words


By Bill Blankenship

THE CAPITAL-JOURNAL

If your entertainment plans include a trip to the Kansas State Fair, which
begins Friday in Hutchinson, the deadline to buy discounted advance tickets is
Thursday.

The state fair isn't the only festival on this weekend's calendar. Here is
additional information on the state fair and other events to consider:

n\u2002Kansas State Fair, Friday through Sept. 17, state fairgrounds,
Hutchinson.

Opening weekend grandstand includes "Blue Collar Comedy TV" co-star Bill Engvall
on Friday; Carrie Underwood, who was just nominated for four Country Music
Association Awards, on Saturday; and Southern rock veterans Lynyrd Skynyrd on
Sunday.

There also will be a midway full of carnival rides, the best-looking farm
critters from across the state, lots of free shows and plenty of food .

If you wait until you get to the fair, you will pay $7 to get in if you are 13
to 59 years old, $5 if you are 60 or older, $4 if you are 6 to 12 and nothing if
you are 5 and younger. However, discounted carnival and gate tickets can be
purchased through Thursday at the checkout stands of Dillons stores statewide.

For a full schedule or more inforation, go to www.kansasstatefair.com or call
(800) 363-3247.

n\u2002Brewgrass Festival, 4 p.m. to midnight Friday and 2 p.m. to midnight
Saturday, Burcham Park, 2nd and Indiana, Lawrence.

For a second year, this festival combines beer and music.

The beer is homegrown but not homebrew. It comes from area microbreweries,
including Topeka's Blind Tiger Brewery and Restaurant; Free State Brewing Co.,
of Lawrence; The Power Plant Restaurant & Brewery, of Parkville, Mo.; and 75th
Street Brewery, Flying Monkey Brewery, McCoy's Public House and Boulevard
Brewing Co., all of Kansas City, Mo.

Thirty acts will perform on three stages, with WAR headlining the main stage
Friday and Keller Williams as its prime act Saturday.

Two-day passes are $30, and one-day tickets are $20 with no service charge at
Liberty Hall , Lawrence, or with fees through Ticketmaster, 234-4545, and all of
its outlets .

For a detailed entertainment schedule, go to www.brewgrasslive.com.

n\u2002Aaron Douglas Art Fair, 10 a.m. to 4 p.m. Saturday, Aaron Douglas Art
Park, on S.W. 12th Street in Topeka between Lane and Washburn avenues.

Art, music, children's activities and affordable food are the ingredients of
this celebration of the arts and Topeka's contribution to it through famed black
artist and art educator Aaron Douglas, a contributor to the Harlem Renaissance
of the 1920s.

Admission is free to this inaugural event, which includes a juried art show. For
the entertainment schedule and samples of the featured artists, go to
www.turnaroundteam.org, the Web site of the event's organizer, the Turnaround
Team.

n\u2002Haskell Indian Art Market, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Saturday and 10 a.m. to 5
p.m. Sunday, powwow grounds, Haskell Indian Nations University .

Fine art and crafts created by some of the best Indian artists and artisans in
the county are the big attraction of this event, although some people come just
to watch the dancing and eat concessions . Admission is free.

n\u2002Huff 'n Puff Hot Air Balloon Rally, Friday through Sunday, Tinman Circle,
east side of Lake Shawnee.

This year's rally sponsored by the Great Plains Balloon Club will feature a fun
flight at 6 p.m. Friday, balloon glows and tethered rides, with a $5 suggested
donation, at 7:30 p.m. Friday and Saturday and launches at 6 p.m. Friday, 7 a.m.
and 6 p.m. Saturday and 7 a.m. Sunday .

For more about the rally, go to www.huff-n-puff.org.

n\u2002Great Topeka Duck Race, Saturday, south of the swim beach, Lake Shawnee.

This annual fundraiser by area Sertoma clubs offers a classic 1965 Ford Mustang
as the guaranteed first prize. Someone also could win $1 million. There also are
awards for second through 11th place in the race, which starts at 4:30 p.m. The
event begins at 11:30 a.m. with children's activities, hourly door prizes,
entertainment and concessions. Ducks can be adopted for a donation of $5 each by
calling Duck Central at (785) 23-DUCKS or going to www.topekaduckrace.org.goes
here.

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved

                              906 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Alberni Valley Times (British Columbia)

                             August 18, 2003 Monday
                                 Final Edition

Power outage had its positive side

BYLINE: Alberni Valley Times

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 522  words


When the power went out across Ontario and great swaths of the eastern United
States on Thursday, the first dread thought crossing the minds of millions of
people was that the terrorists had struck again.

Within hours, political leaders were relieved and resolute in reporting that was
not the case, but more than a little confused about precisely what started the
blackout that left one-third of Americans in the dark.

If they didn't know what caused it, how could they be so certain that terrorists
or computer hackers were not responsible?

Canadian leaders added to the confusion, with Prime Minister Jean Chretien's
office first reporting that it was caused by a fire in a Con Edison generating
plant near Niagara Falls, New York.

That claim that was quickly discounted by Con Ed, which said that was not
possible, since it doesn't have a plant in that area.

John MacCallum, Canada's minister responsible for national emergency
preparedness, soon added to the confusion, saying it was caused by a fire at a
nuclear plant in Pennsylvania, an inflammatory remark that was never explained,
but quickly discounted by American officials.

Then President George Bush went on television from California to assure
Americans and the rest of the world that the situation was well in hand, that
emergency procedures undertaken since 9/11 were being rolled out, and there was
no cause for national alarm.

His halting, jerky performance fell far short of its intended mark. Bush had a
deer-in-the-headlights look about him, not the resolute bearing of a
commander-in-chief.

Fortunately, other politicians, including New York Mayor Michael Bloomberg, Sen.
Hillary Clinton, and California's embattled Gov. Gray Davis countered that
impression, sounding, calm, confident and knowledgeable in their public remarks.

As the evening rolled on, and the lights began to come on in certain parts of
the eastern U.S., it became more apparent that the men and women on the front
lines, tasked with actually making things happen, know what they are doing.

Even more encouraging were the attitudes and actions of normal citizens on both
sides of the border, caught up in the blackout.

There was little sense of panic among the millions of commuters, stuck in
traffic jams, or forced to walk hours to make their way home from work.

There were countless, anonymous acts kindness from people who went to the aid of
the elderly, or opened their homes to strangers for the night.

Occasional reports surfaced of low-grade looting, or merchants gouging customers
outrageously for products like bottled water.

But these were few and far between.

A day after the blackout began, there are still far more questions than answers.
But two themes have become unmistakably clear:

- We are hugely dependent on a steady flow of electricity, which we take for
granted, whose delivery system is creaky, rigid and will take many years and
billions of dollars to fix;

- We are hugely dependent on our neighbours, who we also take for granted, but
whose resourcefulness and compassion in a crisis are boundless, available at a
moment's notice, and free for the asking.

from the Red Deer Advocate

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2003 Alberni Valley Times
                              All Rights Reserved

                              907 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                              July 21, 2013 Sunday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 212 words


Museum offers military discounts

Raleigh | The North Carolina Museum of Natural Sciences is holding military
appreciation week through Saturday.

During the week, the museum is offering all active, reserve or retired military
and their families discounted tickets to the current special exhibit, Dinosaurs
in Motion, as well as discounted store merchandise and museum memberships.

During military appreciation week, tickets to Dinosaurs in Motion are $6 for
visitors showing military ID. Members of the military also receive 15 percent
off all merchandise in the museum stores and a 10 percent discount in the Daily
Planet Cafe.

The museum is open from 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday and noon until
5 p.m. Sunday. General admission is free. For more information, visit
naturalsciences.org.

Applications due for free weddings

A North Carolina-based group that awards a select number of free weddings to
military members is currently accepting applications.

Applications for Operation Marry Me Military are due by July 30. The winning
couples will receive a free wedding on Veterans Day in various counties across
North Carolina. Last year, seven couples won free weddings that were worth from
$12,000 to $100,000.

To apply, visit OperationMMM.com.

- Jacksonville Daily News

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              908 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 21, 2013 Tuesday

Rankin Aquatic Center discount passes on sale

BYLINE: Pleasant Hill/Martinez Record

SECTION: MY TOWN; Central Contra Costa; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 192 words


MARTINEZ -- Discounted passes for summer use at the Rankin Aquatic Center in
Martinez are now on sale and are good beginning with the opening day of the
season June 1.

Residents living in the city limits, or having proof that they pay property tax
in Martinez are eligible to purchase the discounted Measure H pool passes. The
cost is $50 for youths 3-17; $90 for adults 18-54; and $72 for seniors 55 and
older.

The passes are only sold at the Martinez Recreation office, 525 Henrietta St.
from 8 a.m. to noon and 1 to 5 p.m. Monday-Friday, and are not available at the
pool. For more information, call the recreation department at 925-372-3510.

The pool opens to the public for weekend recreational swimming Saturday, June 1,
and for daily recreational swimming June 11. There is no morning lap swim June
1, 2 and 8 due to swim meets.

Swim lessons begin the evening of June 10 and the morning and afternoon of June
11. For additional information on swim lessons, lap swimming, water aerobics,
rec swim, pool parties or water walking, visitwww.cityofmartinez.org or call the
recreation department at 925-372-3510 or the Rankin Aquatic Center at
925-370-6451.---

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              909 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            January 22, 2008 Tuesday

Rochester Legal Briefs: January 22, 2008

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 567  words


Action Seeks Health Insurance for Children

The Empire Justice Center has filed the first lawsuit in the nation that
represents children affected by new federal restrictions on the State Children's
Health Insurance Program (SCHIP).

Three families are challenging the Bush Administration's use of unpublished
rules to reject New York State's proposal to provide discounted health insurance
to children in moderate income families through SCHIP.

Currently, a family of four that earns up to $2,826 each month is eligible to
participate. A family earning up to $4,417 can participate by contributing to
the program. Last year, the state Legislature approved Gov. Eliot Spitzer's
proposal to expand the program to include children in families that earn up to
$7,000. If adopted, the state's plan would have offered discounted health
insurance to an additional 70,000 uninsured New York children.

The states of New York, Maryland, Illinois and Washington filed a group lawsuit
in the federal Southern District of New York last October, and New Jersey filed
a separate case a few days earlier. These cases represent the state's ability to
set state-based guidelines within a broadly designed federal system.

The complaint filed Thursday in the Southern District of New York claims that
the federal agency administering SCHIP did not have the authority to adopt the
restrictions it announced in August 2007, and that the agency did not provide a
review-and-comment period before adopting them.

The suit includes families who are not currently eligible for SCHIP?in New York
(known as the Child Health Plus program), who would be eligible under the
state's plan.

"We are filing this lawsuit to right the wrongs for the thousands of New York
children and families who lack affordable health insurance," said Bryan
Hetherington, of the Empire Justice Center in Rochester, who is lead counsel on
the case. Trilby de Jung, a senior health law attorney, is co-counsel.

Civil Rights Action Against Predatory Lending

The New York State Division of Human Rights has filed civil rights actions
against Jackson Hewitt and Liberty Tax Service for predatory lending practices
in connection with tax refund loans. This is the first time the practices have
been challenged as civil rights violations, rather consumer fraud.

The loans at issue are short-term loans based upon an individual's anticipated
paycheck or income tax refund. They usually carry exorbitant fees and interest
rates. The Division became interested in these loans after learning that the
companies were located in and marketing to communities of color and military
families - both of which are protected by the State's civil rights laws.

Human Rights Commissioner Kumiki Gibson said, "These [legal] actions are
especially appropriate as we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., who gave his life
trying to secure economic justice for people of color, and as we greet returning
service men and women from Afghanistan and Iraq, who should be honored for their
patriotism and service - not targeted and victimized. "

The complaints will progress through a formal investigation and perhaps
adjudication. They seek to compel the companies to stop their unlawful conduct
and comply with the Human Rights Law.

Tax refunds are available directly from the IRS at no cost, usually within two
weeks of filing, and many organizations assist taxpayers with the process free
of charge.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              910 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The Daily Record of Rochester (Rochester, NY)

                            January 21, 2008 Monday

Rochester Legal Briefs: January 21, 2008

BYLINE: Daily Record Staff Report

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 567  words


Action Seeks Health Insurance for Children

The Empire Justice Center has filed the first lawsuit in the nation that
represents children affected by new federal restrictions on the State Children's
Health Insurance Program (SCHIP).

Three families are challenging the Bush Administration's use of unpublished
rules to reject New York State's proposal to provide discounted health insurance
to children in moderate income families through SCHIP.

Currently, a family of four that earns up to $2,826 each month is eligible to
participate. A family earning up to $4,417 can participate by contributing to
the program. Last year, the state Legislature approved Gov. Eliot Spitzer's
proposal to expand the program to include children in families that earn up to
$7,000. If adopted, the state's plan would have offered discounted health
insurance to an additional 70,000 uninsured New York children.

The states of New York, Maryland, Illinois and Washington filed a group lawsuit
in the federal Southern District of New York last October, and New Jersey filed
a separate case a few days earlier. These cases represent the state's ability to
set state-based guidelines within a broadly designed federal system.

The complaint filed Thursday in the Southern District of New York claims that
the federal agency administering SCHIP did not have the authority to adopt the
restrictions it announced in August 2007, and that the agency did not provide a
review-and-comment period before adopting them.

The suit includes families who are not currently eligible for SCHIP?in New York
(known as the Child Health Plus program), who would be eligible under the
state's plan.

"We are filing this lawsuit to right the wrongs for the thousands of New York
children and families who lack affordable health insurance," said Bryan
Hetherington, of the Empire Justice Center in Rochester, who is lead counsel on
the case. Trilby de Jung, a senior health law attorney, is co-counsel.

Civil Rights Action Against Predatory Lending

The New York State Division of Human Rights has filed civil rights actions
against Jackson Hewitt and Liberty Tax Service for predatory lending practices
in connection with tax refund loans. This is the first time the practices have
been challenged as civil rights violations, rather consumer fraud.

The loans at issue are short-term loans based upon an individual's anticipated
paycheck or income tax refund. They usually carry exorbitant fees and interest
rates. The Division became interested in these loans after learning that the
companies were located in and marketing to communities of color and military
families - both of which are protected by the State's civil rights laws.

Human Rights Commissioner Kumiki Gibson said, "These [legal] actions are
especially appropriate as we honor Dr. Martin Luther King Jr., who gave his life
trying to secure economic justice for people of color, and as we greet returning
service men and women from Afghanistan and Iraq, who should be honored for their
patriotism and service - not targeted and victimized. "

The complaints will progress through a formal investigation and perhaps
adjudication. They seek to compel the companies to stop their unlawful conduct
and comply with the Human Rights Law.

Tax refunds are available directly from the IRS at no cost, usually within two
weeks of filing, and many organizations assist taxpayers with the process free
of charge.

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 Dolan Media Newswires
                              All Rights Reserved

                              911 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 31, 2006 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

beta.

BYLINE: -- Jason Blevins The skinny »

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. D-12

LENGTH: 165 words


Last, best chance to buy

gear at great prices

If you missed the Labor Day ski gear sales as well as the spring and fall
season-pass sales, you are a top-ranked procrastinator. But you have one chance
left. The 15th annual Colorado Ski & Snowboard Expo at the Colorado Convention
Center swings into Denver this weekend with 20,000 square feet of Colorado Ski &
Golf gear, resort reps from ski hills across the West and beyond, and athletic
displays on ramps and tramps.

The expo marks the last chance to get discounted season passes and lift tickets
to Colorado's ski areas. It is also a good way to find a better deal on gear
discounted below even Labor Day sale prices. Beyond shopping, the expo offers a
trampoline aerial show, kids' activities and an action park with skaters and
BMXers riding the ramp. The expo runs Friday from noon to 10 p.m., Saturday from
10 a.m. to 8 p.m and Sunday from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Click on
www.skisnowboardexpo.com for a coupon worth $3 off the $10 ticket price.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2006 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              912 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

Transit to offerdiscountedpasses during roundabout construction

BYLINE: James Herrera; jherrera@montereyherald.com @jamerra1 on Twitter

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 569 words

ABSTRACT

MST to sell deeply-discounted monthly passes for use during Holman Highway
roundabout construction.

FULL TEXT

Monterey >> In preparation for the construction of the Holman Highway roundabout
project, Monterey-Salinas Transit has announced it will sell deeply discounted
monthly passes beginning Monday.

According to the Transportation Agency for Monterey County, construction on the
$8.2 million project will begin in earnest after Classic Car Week, Aug. 15-21.

"The more people that ride the bus, the less traffic congestion will be an issue
during construction. We'll be better able to keep the traffic flowing on local
roads and provide new and existing bus riders with the opportunity to save
nearly $1,000 over the duration of the construction period," said Hunter
Harvath, assistant general manager for finance and administration, in a press
release.

MST will sell its 31-day Basic GoPass for $13 ($6.50 discount for individuals 18
years and under, 65 years and older, with disabilities, Medicare cardholders,
and veterans), beginning Aug. 15. The pass is regularly $95.

The special pricing was approved at the April meeting of the MST board of
directors under the Congestion Relief Temporary Pass program. The discounted
pass will be made available to help alleviate the congestion that is expected to
result from the construction and to encourage those who otherwise may not
regularly ride public transit to try it during periods of major congestion.

"It's our way of helping out the community, and especially hospitality workers,
whose hotels, restaurants and shops will be located in the heart of the
congested areas of the Peninsula," said Harvath.

TAMC said the Holman Highway roundabout project will be built to relieve
congestion near Holman Highway and Highway 1 while also improving access to
Pacific Grove, Pebble Beach and Community Hospital of the Monterey Peninsula.
The project is a public-private partnership between the city of Monterey, Pebble
Beach Co., TAMC, Monterey County, Caltrans and the Monterey Bay Unified Air
Pollution Control District.

Reduced pricing will be made available for those who live or work in Big Sur
(93920), Carmel (93921, 93922 & 93923), Carmel Valley (93924), Monterey, west of
Sloat Avenue and north of Highway 1 (93940), Pacific Grove (93950) and Pebble
Beach (93953).

Proof of residency (driver's license, state ID card, utility bill) or work site
(current pay stub) must be shown to qualify for the discounted pricing.

The reduced price pass will only be available by visiting MST customer service
locations at MST Bus Stop Shop in Monterey, adjacent to the Monterey Transit
Plaza, 201 Pearl Ave.; Marina Transit Exchange, 280 Reservation Road; Salinas
Transit Center, 110 Salinas St.

Park and ride

Park in the Monterey parking east garage for a reduced fee during construction
and ride MST's JAZZ service to New Monterey and Cannery Row, Lines 1 or 2 to
Pacific Grove, or Line 21 to Pebble Beach. Reduced price parking passes are
available by visiting the City's Parking Division at 340 Tyler St. or online
atwww.monterey.org.

For more information, visitwww.mst.orgor call 888-MST-BUS1. Follow MST on
Twitter atwww.twitter.com/mst_busfor the latest service alerts that may occur
during the construction period.

For more information about the Holman Highway 68 Roundabout construction
project, visitwww.tamcmonterey.org.

James Herrera can be reached at 831-726-4344.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved

                              913 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                             August 26, 2011 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

State schools show a dramatic rise in subsidized lunches;
The increase, attributed to a struggling economy, has a potential academic
impact on students.

BYLINE: JASON SINGER Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 763 words

DATELINE: PORTLAND


Both locally and across the state, the percentage of students receiving free and
reduced-price lunches has risen dramatically during the past decade. It's a sign
that poverty is increasing in Portland and throughout Maine, experts say, and
can have a negative effect on academic performance.

In 2001-2002, about 35.6 percent of students in Portland public schools received
free or discounted lunches. By the 2010-2011 school year, that number had
climbed to 52 percent.

Although the citywide percentages rose incrementally in the first part of the
decade, they have risen dramatically since 2007, when the national economy
nose-dived. In 2006-2007, about 43 percent of students in Portland received free
or reduced-price lunches. But every year since, hundreds more students have
become eligible.

Superintendent Jim Morse attributed the quickly rising numbers in Portland to
the struggling economy and not to other potential factors, such as wealthier
students leaving the city for the suburbs.

''I don't think it's students leaving, because our (school) population has
either grown or been stable,'' Morse said. ''I think the recession has had a
direct impact on the number of families who qualify.''

The federal government determines the eligibility for discounted lunches using
the federal poverty guidelines. Any student whose family income is within 130
percent of the poverty line qualifies for free lunches, and any student whose
family income is within 185 percent of the poverty line qualifies for discounted
lunches.

Under the 2011-2012 federal guidelines, announced this week by the Maine
Department of Education, a student from a four-person family whose family income
is $29,055 per year or less would be eligible for free lunches. A student from a
four-person family whose income is $41,348 or less would be eligible for
discounted lunches.

The statewide percentage of students receiving free or reduced-price lunches
also has increased for the past eight years, although not as dramatically as in
Portland.

In 2003-2004, less than 33 percent of the state's students received discounted
lunches. By 2010-2011, that number had risen to 44 percent.

Like Morse, David Connerty-Marin, communications director for the Maine
Department of Education, attributed the statewide increases to the economy.
Larger cities like Portland and Lewiston also have received many immigrants in
the past decade, and they tend to have lower incomes when they arrive, he said.

Although the increase in students receiving free and reduced-price lunches
doesn't affect Maine schools financially - the lunches are federally subsidized
- it likely affects them academically, Connerty-Marin said.

Even if low-income students get fed substantial lunches at school, they may not
get fed properly at other meals, which can affect their academic performance, he
said .

''The real concern isn't financial - the real concern is education,''
Connerty-Marin said. ''How many students getting free and reduced lunches are
not being fed well at other times of the day? If that's happening, and we're
sure it is in some cases, it's a no-brainer that it affects them at school.''

The problem isn't limited to one particular area, but reaches all corners of the
state. In certain districts in Aroostook County - the state's most rural county
- more than 80 percent of students receive free and reduced-price lunches.

In cities like Lewiston and Portland, certain schools also exceed 80 percent.

''Something we all have common in Maine is poverty,'' Morse said. ''It's just
not a wealthy state like some others.''

Locally, the number of students who receive free or reduced-price lunches
directly affects school aid. Schools receive between $1,000 and $2,000 in
federal Title I aid per year for every student who qualifies for free or
discounted lunches.

Title I ensures low-income students get equal opportunities to succeed. In
Portland, that federal aid equates to several million dollars per year, said
David Galin, the district's chief academic officer.

Schools won't know how many students will receive free and reduced-price lunches
in 2011-2012 until mid-October. Students receive an eligibility form to bring
home on the first day of school, and have until Oct. 1 to turn it in. Parents
must show proof of their income to qualify.

Lunch in Portland costs $2.35 per day in grades K-5 and $2.50 per day in grades
6-12. Discounted lunches cost 40 cents per day. All students must pay an extra
50 cents per day for an 8-ounce carton of milk.


Staff Writer Jason Singer can be reached at 791-6437 or:

jsinger@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 MaineToday Media, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              914 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             March 8, 2012 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

steals+deals

BYLINE: JOHN EWOLDT; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: VARIETY; Pg. 4E

LENGTH: 430 words


Tree bargain

Through the City Trees Program, Minneapolis homeowners can order a tree for $25
starting Monday while supplies last. Each tree is potted and about 6 feet tall,
with a 1 1/4 -inch trunk. Some nurseries charge more than $100 for similar-sized
trees. About 1,500 trees will be offered (one per residence, business or
nonprofit), including Whitespire Birch (clump form), Black Hills Spruce,
Princeton Elm, Honeycrisp Apple, Bur Oak, Fall Fiesta Maple and Ironwood. Trees
may be picked up May 12-14 at the Minneapolis Impound Lot (51 Colfax Av. N.,
Mpls.). To order, go to www.treetrust.org or call 651-644-5800. For more
information, go to www.minneapolismn.gov/citytrees.

Free or discounted admission to auto show

There are several ways to get discounted tickets to the Twin Cities Auto Show
Saturday through March 18 at the Minneapolis Convention Center (1301 2nd Av. S.,
Mpls). Save $2 off the $10 tickets if you order online at
www.twincitiesautoshow.com or print a $2-off coupon to use at the show, valid
weekdays only. Or get $2 off if you bring a can of nonperishable food for
charity. Discounts cannot be combined. Adult tickets are $5 on March 14 (no
additional discounts with the $5 offer). Anyone buying tickets to the Blood,
Sweat Tears concert at the Convention Center on March 17 will get a free
admission for the auto show on March 17 or 18. Tickets for the concert can be
purchased for $35 to $55 at the auto show website.

From 10 a.m. to 2 p.m. Saturdays and Sundays (March 10-11, 17-18), drive up on
the Grant Street side of the Convention Center for a free booster-seat check
sponsored by State Farm. A seat check qualifies the recipient for a free ticket
to the auto show.

River of Goods returns until July

The supply of discounted home goods is flowing again at River of Goods (2475
Doswell Av., St. Paul, 651-646-8119, www.ancientcityimports.com). The wholesaler
was closed to the public in 2008, but because of a warehouse move, the retail
space is back until July with a blend of unique Tiffany-style lamps, wool rugs,
sofa sets and Indian-style furniture. The selection hasn't changed since 2008.
The handmade wool rugs of average quality appear to be a good deal (5- by 8-foot
rugs are $150 and 8- by 10-foot rugs are $300). The furniture pieces are
difficult to comparison-shop, but some of the accent pieces are carried by local
gift shops such as Bibelot and Patina. The store is open from 10 a.m. to 8 p.m.,
Thursdays through Sundays.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or jewoldt@startribune.com If you spot a deal, share
it at www.startribune.com/dealspotter.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              915 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                              May 24, 2009 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

In Brief

SECTION: EXTRAS; Pg. PW02

LENGTH: 484 words

Red Cross to Offer Discounted Classes

The Prince William Area Red Cross will offer a discounted training course in CPR
and how to use an automated external defibrillator June 2 as part of National
CPR-AED Awareness Week.

The class, which costs $25, will be from 6 to 10 p.m. at 3900 Acts Lane in
Dumfries. Participants will learn how to respond to other emergencies that can
happen at work, home, school or the pool. The Red Cross recommends that at least
one person in each household or place of business receive training.

To learn about CPR/AED awareness week, visit http://www.pwarc.org or call
703-368-4511.

Rep. Connolly to Speak About Seniors' Issues

Rep. Gerald E. Connolly (D-Va.) will address legislative matters and other
issues concerning senior citizens during a forum Friday in Woodbridge.

The meeting will run from 1 to 2:30 p.m. at Westminster's Potomac Room at 12191
Clipper Dr.

Representatives from AARP, the National Committee to Preserve Social Security
and Medicare and the National Active and Retired Federal Employees Association
will be at the forum. The Prince William Area Agency on Aging will have a booth
with representatives to answer questions.

Census Bureau Seeks Management Employees

The U.S. Census Bureau is looking for people to fill management positions in
nine new Virginia-based census offices.

The offices, which are scheduled to open this fall, will be in Manassas,
Fairfax, Charlottesville, Blacksburg/Christiansburg, Chesapeake, Fredericksburg,
Henrico County, Newport News and Virginia Beach.

Office employees will help with 2010 Census operations in Virginia and four
other states. Census results are used to determine the number of congressional
seats in each state and how $300 billion in federal funds are distributed
annually across the country.

Applicants must live within the area surrounding the office and be U.S.
citizens. They must pass an FBI background check and a written management test.
The pay for the management positions will range from $18.25 to $36 an hour.

For information, visit http://www.census.gov/rocha/www/2010emply.html.

Neighborhood Forum Is Set for Saturday

Manassas and Prince William County residents are invited to the Neighborhood
Improvement Circles Action Forum next weekend to discuss ways to improve the
community.

The forum will be from 8:30 a.m. to noon Saturday at George Mason University's
Prince William Campus, 10900 University Blvd. Participants will be asked to
share ideas on how to make the community better. Representatives from
neighborhoods including Wildwood and Georgetown South in Manassas and Lindendale
in Prince William will be on hand.

Admission is free, and participants should park in the Bull Run Lot. Coffee and
pastries will be provided. Guests are asked to RSVP to Kisha Sogunro at
703-257-8200 or Cindy Brookshire at 703-361-6941. Online registration is at
http://www.pwsc.org.

-- Compiled by JENNIFER BUSKE

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Prince William County

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              916 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             October 7, 2013 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Sale Insider by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 485 words


Strange and new

Strange Imports from Aspen and Carbondale has joined the "symphony of shops" at
The Shops of 9th Avenue. Customers will find a selection of Asian art and
antiques. Save 25 percent on any item priced over $100 as part of a Grand
Opening Sale through Oct. 21. Hours are 10 a.m. to 5:30 p.m. Monday through
Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday. 899 Broadway, 303 623 4200,
shopsat9thavenue.com

Fabulous fabrics

Wesco Fabrics hosts its two day warehouse sale from 8 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Oct. 11
and 8 a.m. to 2 p.m. Oct. 12. The store opens to the public just twice a year,
so don't miss this chance to choose from more than 100,000 yards of decorative
fabric priced at $4 per yard. The store also carries furniture, accessories,
decorative hardware, lamps, scarves and jewelry. 4001 Forest St., 303 388 4101

Interior designs

An Inventory Clearance Sale continues through Oct. 31 at Eurasian Interiors. In
order to make room for a new container of treasures on the way, several one of a
kind European and Asian items are discounted up to 60 percent. Items not part of
the sale are discounted 20 30 percent. The 15,000 square foot warehouse carries
an eclectic selection of furniture, art, lighting, accessories and more. Hours
are 10:30 a.m. to 6 p.m. daily. 1787 S. Broadway, 303 998 5632,
DecorAsianstyle.com

A skilled senior class

The Parker Senior Center hosts its annual Craft Fair offering baked goods,
jewelry, holiday decorations, gifts and more from 9 a.m. to 3 p.m. Oct. 11 12.
Lunch will be offered both days. 10675 S. Longs Way, Parker, 303 841 5370

In the blink of an eye

Beauty Brands continues its LashBash $10.98 Mascara Sale through Oct. 20. Save
up to $17 on select mascaras from Too Faced, Smashbox, Peter Tomas Roth, Still,
Tart and several others. Visit beautybrands.com for locations.

Hospital benefit

Littleton Adventist Hospital Volunteers present Grandma's Attic, a one day
fundraiser offering antiques, jewelry, art, home decor and collectibles, from 9
a.m. to 3 p.m. Oct. 11. "Treasures from Yesteryear" is the theme and proceeds
benefit various hospital projects. 7700 S. Broadway, Littleton, 303 738 2687

Orange Crush deals

Curtis A Doubletree by Hilton hotel is celebrating the success of the Denver
Broncos with discounted "Booking Broncos" rates Oct. 13, Oct. 26 27 and Nov. 16
17. Additional stays on Dec. 7 8 and Dec. 12 are discounted even more as part of
a "Play it Again, Peyton" program. 1405 Curtis St., call Scott at 720 889 4747
for more information and reservations, thecurtis.com.

Free days this week

Oct. 7: Denver Botanic Gardens, 1007 York St., botanicgardens.org

Oct. 12: Denver Firefighters Museum, denverfirefightersmuseum.org

Each Monday, "Sale Insider" gives shoppers the inside scoop on store discounts
and bargain events. Preference is given to retailers and events that have not
been listed recently. To include a sale, e mail living@denverpost.com 10 14 days
in advance.

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Provided by Strange Imports

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              917 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Sunday Telegraph (Australia)

                              May 10, 2009 Sunday
                               t - Escape Edition

Barging through Burgundy

BYLINE: MIKE SMITH

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 18

LENGTH: 602  words


BARGE holidays on France's canals and rivers are being discounted by 50 per
cent, thanks to the global economic squeeze.

French Travel Connection is offering dozens of discounted crewed trips through
the popular regions of Burgundy, Provence and the chateau heartland of the Loire
Valley.

Each barge is effectively a floating boutique hotel, staffed from captain to
chef and ready to serve distinctly French pleasures.

Travellers can book a single cabin or charter a barge. There are four grades of
cabins, all with en suite bathrooms.

Inexpensive options include a trip through Lorraine, cruising from village to
vineyard, from about $3600 per person, twin share for a six-night cruise.

The 50 per cent discount applies this month; June and July cruises are
discounted by 40 per cent.

Details: 1300 858 304, www.frenchtravel.com.au

North to Alaska

SEVEN-night Alaskan sailings with Princess Cruises, coupled with air fares from
Sydney, a two-night stopover in Taipei and a hotel night in Anchorage, are on
sale through online company ecruising.travel from $2749 per person, twin share.

The offer, applying to selected dates in June, focuses on the luxury ships
Diamond Princess, Sapphire Princess, Coral Princess and Island Princess.

Sailings depart from Anchorage and pass the spectacular College Fjord, calling
at the Glacier Bay National Park, Alaska's capital, Juneau, and the frontier
settlements of Skagway and Ketchikan.

Details: 1300 369 848, www.ecruising.travel

Back to the '50s

ROYAL Caribbean Line's Rhapsody of the Seas will be rocking and rolling on a
South Pacific cruise next year -- but not because of rough seas.

Guests need to bring along their blue suede shoes for a rock 'n' roll-themed
cruise featuring acts recreating the era of Elvis Presley, Roy Orbison and Chuck
Berry.

The seven-night cruise -- the idea of semi-retired Australian businessman,
musician and self-described rock 'n' roll tragic John Welsh -- will leave Sydney
on November 20, 2010, calling at Noumea and the Isle of Pines.

Prices begin at $1716 a head.

Details: www.bluesuedecruise. com.au

Greece for less

DISCOUNTS continue to flow through to Australia, with Tempo Holidays slashing 20
per cent off the price of five Greek islands and Turkey short cruises.

The discounted Louis Cruise Lines holidays from Athens visit Santorini and
Rhodes, also calling at Mykonos, Kusadasi, Patmos and Heraklion.

Fares, from $1142 per person, twin share, include compulsory port taxes, meals
and most on-board entertainment.

The discounts apply to bookings made before May 31.

Details: 1300 558 987, www.tempoholidays.com

A suite deal

PREMIUM Cruise Holidays is offering savings of 65 per cent on a 14-night
Mediterranean cruise aboard the new, all-suites Seabourn Odyssey.

The discount applies to a September cruise from Istanbul to Venice, priced from
about $8500 per person, twin share. Air fares are extra.

That figure represents good value, as it includes gourmet dining with dishes
created by chef Charlie Palmer; drinks from open bars; barbecue dinners and gala
parties on deck; and premium in-suite toiletries by Hermes, L'Occitane and
Molton Brown.

The 450-passenger Seabourn Odyssey offers intimate, yacht-like cruising.

This cruise, beginning on September 19, visits 14 ports in Turkey, Greece,
Montenegro, Croatia and Italy.

Details: 1800 266 190, www. premiumcruiseholidays.com.au

The Pride of Asia

THE Seabourn Pride will make a 14-night Asian cruise, leaving Singapore on
December 5, to take in the sights and sounds of Vietnam and the hustle and
bustle of Bangkok, finishing in Hong Kong.

Fares begin at $5700 per person.

Details: 13 24 02, www.seabourn.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: STE


                   Copyright 2009 Nationwide News Pty Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              918 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The York Dispatch (Pennsylvania)

                           February 16, 2013 Saturday

Junior League of York holds final prom dress sale?

BYLINE: CHELSEA SHANK / The York Dispatch 505-5432 / @ydhealth

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 323 words


Buying a great dress for prom, a wedding or another special event doesn't have
to break your bank account.

The Junior League of York is partnering with the York College Public Relations
Student Society of America for a sixth annual Prom Dress Blowout sale Friday,
Feb. 22, through Sunday, Feb. 24.

More than 500 dresses at discounted prices will be for sale at the West
Manchester Mall.

"They are a little more discounted this year than in previous years," said Sara
Hunt, president of the Junior League of York. "If you're looking for a dress,
then check us out."

Prices range from $5 to $40, and the selection includes bridal gowns, prom and
homecoming dresses, cocktail dresses, specialty outfits and Halloween costumes
for adults and children.

There will be accessories such as shoes, evening bags, gloves and wraps
available for $1.

One last time: This is the last scheduled dress sale for the Junior League of
York, said Hunt.

"There are lots of other groups are doing it and we are trying to direct our
attention somewhere else and see what other opportunities are out there for us,"
Hunt said.

For instance, they plan to focus more attention on the Huggies Every Little
Bottom Diaper Drive and Diaper Bank project, which donate diapers to babies in
need, she said.

The public relations society not have any plans at this time to take over the
dress sale, said Michelle Kemp, a member and account executive for this year's
sale.

The sale hours are 4 to 8 p.m. on Friday, Feb. 22, 11 to 4 p.m. on Saturday,
Feb. 23, and 1 to 4 p.m. on Sunday, Feb. 24.

Anyone interested in donating items for the sale can do so by dropping them off
at the Guest Services office at the West Manchester Mall or at the Junior League
of York Thrift Shop, 166 West Market Street, from 10 a.m. until 3 p.m. Monday
through Saturday.

For more information, call 717-845-3041 or email Michelle Kemp at mkemp1@ycp.edu

- Reach Chelsea Shank at 505-5432 or cshank@yorkdispatch.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 York Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              919 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 29, 2016 Tuesday

California: Holman Highway 68 Roundabout - Construction Update

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Pacific Grove: City of Pacific Grove, The State of California  has issued the
followin news release:



   The text alert system is provided through a partnership with the County
Office of Emergency Services, and will allow people to receive traffic alerts
and updates directly on their cell phone or electronic device.





 Construction Update

 The project is progressing very well . The retaining wall near the Carmel Hills
Professional center had its forms removed this week, so you can all see the new
concrete wall when you drive by. Work on retaining wall along Highway 1 is also
progressing well. Once again, the crews are preparing for rain this weekend, but
no major issues are anticipated from the rain.



 Construction Reminders

 During construction, there may be occasional unexpected delays traveling
through the area of Holman Highway 68 and Highway 1. Please allow extra time
when traveling through the area. Additionally, there are also trucks entering
and leaving the work zone, so we also encourage drivers to be work zone alert
and to slow for the cone zone.



 Live Construction

 The  live construction camera for the Holman Highway 68 Roundabout allows
people to go on-line to view the construction in real time at:
http://bit.ly/2dgnwXK



 Deeply Discounted Bus and Parking Passes

 To help reduce congestion during construction of the Holman Highway 68
Roundabout, Monterey-Salinas Transit will be selling deeply discounted bus
passes to individuals who live or work in the area affected by the construction
zone. The bus pass is a great way to avoid traffic while saving on the cost of
driving your car.



 In conjunction with the bus pass, the City of Monterey will provide deeply
discounted parking at the Downtown Garages. When a customer shows their MST bus
pass, they can purchase 20 daily entries to the parking garage for $20, which a
50% discount. From the Downtown Garage, people can use their MST bus passes  to
get around Monterey, New Monterey, and Pacific Grove.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              920 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            October 13, 2014 Monday

Washington: Arkansas becomes latest state to provide United for Libraries'
Trustee Academy

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: Washington


The American Library Association has issued the following news release:

United for Libraries has made special pricing for its Trustee Academy available
to state library agencies. The state of Arkansas recently joined Texas,
Virginia, Delaware, Maryland, Nevada, North Dakota, South Carolina, Nebraska and
Kansas in purchasing the Trustee Academy. Arkansas is making the Trustee Academy
available to its 114 public libraries through a multiple use purchase.

"Library trustees are a critical part of the overall management of the local
public library," said Arkansas State Librarian Carolyn Ashcraft. "We are pleased
to provide this resource to assist the trustees in their efforts."

The Trustee Academy is series of online courses to help trustees become
exceptionally proficient in their roles on behalf of their libraries. All of the
courses are taught by a professional in the field and are priced both à la carte
so individual attendees can pick and choose what courses are important to them
and as a full curriculum that reflects discounted pricing per course. The
courses are "Trustee Basics, Part I," "Trustee Basics, Part II," "Working
Effectively with the Library Director," "The Library's Budget," "Advocating for
Your Library" and "Evaluating the Library Director." A new course, "Trustee
Competencies," is debuting this fall.

United for Libraries has developed pricing to be attractive to states or regions
that want to purchase the series as a way to assist in fulfilling their mission
for trustee education. The prices for state- or region-wide purchase are highly
discounted.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              921 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Washington)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            January 3, 2013 Thursday

BRIEF: Discounted Bluewood lift tickets to benefit YMCA

BYLINE: Vicki Hillhouse, Walla Walla Union-Bulletin, Wash.

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 161 words


Jan. 03--Advertisement

A partnership between Ski Bluewood and the YMCA is expected to bring families
together on the mountain.

For the second year, the Walla Walla Valley Chamber of Commerce has facilitated
the partnership, which will serve as a fundraiser for the YMCA.

The family-friendly fitness and activity facility will offer discounted lift
tickets for Ski Bluewood. Proceeds from the sale will benefit the Y's Youth
Development Programs and Youth Scholarship Funds. The ticket sales are also
expected to entice more families to spend time together on the slopes.

Tickets are on sale now at the Y, 340 S. Park St. The cost is $32 for an adult
($10 savings); $29 for students with identification ($9 savings); and $25 for
seniors and children ($8 savings). For more details, call 525-8863.

___ (c)2013 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) Visit Walla Walla
Union-Bulletin (Walla Walla, Wash.) at union-bulletin.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: January 4, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20130103-UN-BRF-Discounted
-Bluewood-lift-tickets-to-benefit-YMCA-0103-20130103

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: UN


                   Copyright 2013 Walla Walla Union-Bulletin

                              922 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           November 6, 2014 Thursday

Winter getaway discounts in Colorado;
The Sheraton New Orleans celebrates holidays in bayou style with 30 per cent off

BYLINE: Kathryn Folliott

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. T2

LENGTH: 592 words


Vail Resorts owns, not just ski lodge properties, but entire ski resorts, too,
including four of the top winter-weather destinations in Colorado: Vail, Beaver
Creek, Keystone and Breckenridge. Right now, travellers can get good deals on
winter getaways to just about all of them. In Vail, the deals include up to 40
per cent off the cost of accommodation at the Ritz-Carlton Residences, Vail.
Other properties offering discounted rates include the Arrabelle at Vail Square
and the recently renovated the Lodge at Vail, with a prime location in the
centre of Vail Village. Bookings must be made by Nov. 21. See vail.com. At
Breckenridge, guests at both One Ski Hill Place and Mountain Thunder Lodge can
save up to 25 per cent, when they book by Nov. 7. See the Vacation Deals link
under Plan a Trip at breckenridge.com. And at Beaver Creek, the savings are
worth up to 35 per cent at the Pines Lodge and the Osprey at Beaver Creek.
Bookings must be made by Nov. 26. See the Special Offers link under Lodging at
beavercreek.com. With all of the deals, some conditions and blackout dates may
apply.

Papa Noel rates in the Big Easy

The Sheraton New Orleans celebrates the holidays in true bayou style, with
Christmas trees and festive drinks at the on-site Pelican Bar. The hotel also
installs a Cajun Kris Cringle high above the lobby, driving two Louisiana marsh
boats powered not by reindeer, but alligators. Best of all for guests, the hotel
is also offering Papa Noel rates discounted by up to 30 per cent off regular
rates, for travel in December. Blackout dates may apply. See
sheratonneworleans.com (promo code PAPA NOEL).

Thanks 2 You with Microtel

Wyndham's Microtel Inn Suites brand has a new Thanks 2 You promotion offering 20
per cent off suite accommodation at participating hotels. The deal runs through
Dec. 30. Microtel's suites have kitchenettes with microwaves and refrigerators,
plus the hotels offer free breakfast. Microtel has more than 300 properties,
mostly in the U.S. See microtelinn.com.

Best buy of the week

Goway's 12-day South Pacific Trio trip to Australia, New Zealand and Fiji comes
with savings worth up to $550 per person. The deal includes a free night in
Sydney and two free nights in Fiji with breakfast. See goway.com and type South
Pacific Trio in the home page search box.

Kathryn Folliott is a Toronto-based freelance writer. Prices quoted are subject
to change and availability. Follow her on @KathrynFolliott.

Picks of the Week

Sunquest: Three-night Las Vegas, air hotel, $675 (Nov. 28), The New Tropicana
Las Vegas.

Air Canada Vacations: Honolulu, air hotel, $1,124 (Dec. 10), Aqua Aloha Surf
Waikiki.

Nolitours: Riviera Maya, air hotel, $919 (Nov. 27), Allegro Playacar Beach Club.

G Adventures: Eight-day Best of Tasmania, accommodation, some meals, excursions,
$1,999 (Dec. 20).

Transat Holidays: Cayo Coco, air hotel, $764 (Nov. 28), Pestana Cayo Coco.

Hola Sun: Holguin, air hotel, $708 (Dec. 6), Brisas Guardalavaca.

Bel Air Travel: Costa Rica, air hotel, $1,397 (Jan. 1), Allegro Papagayo.

Sunwing Vacations: Cancun, air hotel, $1,057 (Nov. 27), Grand Oasis Cancun.

SellOff Vacations: Paris, air hotel, $1,595 (Dec. 6), Adagio Paris Haussmann.

itravel2000: Puerto Plata, air hotel, $793 (Nov. 27), Grand Paradise Playa
Dorada.

WestJet Vacations: Five-night Barbados, air hotel, $793 (Nov. 14), Coconut Court
Beach Hotel.

Tour East: 21-day Best of Vietnam, Cambodia Laos, accommodation, some meals,
sightseeing, $3,695 (Jan. 18 Mar. 8).

All Picks of the Week prices include taxes and fees. Prices accurate as of Nov.
3, 2014.

LOAD-DATE: November 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Arrabelle at Vail Square overlooks an ice-skating rink and fire
pits in the winter months. Some Vail, Colo., resorts are offering discounts
worth up to 40 per cent off when booked by opening day (Nov. 21). Jack Affleck

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2014 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited

                              923 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Pueblo Chieftain (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           December 30, 2014 Tuesday

Cooperative passes credits to customers

BYLINE: Jon Pompia, The Pueblo Chieftain, Colo.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 262 words


Dec. 30--The San Isabel Electric Association made its members' holiday season a
bit merrier with the delivery of $2.3 million in capital credit checks.

More than 8,000 past and present members elected to participate in the
cooperative's Sweet Rewards Discounted Early Capital Credits Campaign announced
in October.

According to SIEA General Manager Reg Rudolph, the Discounted Early Capital
Credits Campaign is a departure from San Isabel's standard capital credits
policy.

"SIEA has a goal of retiring capital credits on a 25- to 30-year cycle at
$250,000 annually and we have made significant progress on this goal. However,
we wanted members to recognize in a tangible way the benefits of being a member
of the cooperative," said Rudolph.

Returning capital credits to members is one of the key differences between a
not-for-profit cooperative, such as San Isabel Electric Association, and other
types of utilities.

When a member receives electrical service from SIEA, they share in the financial
performance of the cooperative.

While investor-owned utilities return a portion of any profits back to
investors, electric cooperatives allocate excess revenue to members as "capital
credits," and retire, or pay the members when the co-ops' financial condition
permits.

Nearly half of the 8,000 individuals participating received between $100 and
$499. Many businesses and schools received larger amounts.

jpompia@chieftain.com

___ (c)2014 The Pueblo Chieftain (Pueblo, Colo.) Visit The Pueblo Chieftain
(Pueblo, Colo.) at www.chieftain.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: December 30, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20141230-PB-Cooperative-passes-credits-to-customers-1230-20141230

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: PB


                      Copyright 2014 The Pueblo Chieftain

                              924 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 20, 2009 Thursday
                                 Metro Edition

steals + deals

BYLINE: JOHN EWOLDT, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: VARIETY; steals + deals; Pg. 2E

LENGTH: 386 words


Men's designer suits for less than $100

Guys, I doubt you'll find a better deal on a new suit or sport coat than at Uber
Outlet's tent sale (6021 Lyndale Av. S., Minneapolis, 612-869-0930, ext. 3)
today through Saturday. You can get suit separates on sale at Target.com for $20
to $99, but at last check, Target does not sell Burberry, Hickey Freeman and
HSM. The suits and sport coats originally came from Twill in the Galleria. The
$99.95 suits (about 80 each) were originally priced up to $1,400. The $79.95
sport coats (about 100 each) were up to $500 originally. Sizes range from 38 to
46, but guys who are 42 regular or 42 long get the best selection. Pants are
$10, shorts $8, and ties $8.

The outlet is also selling maternity wear from Habitual, Paper Denim & Cloth,
and Juliet Dream at 80 percent off. Fat Belly Sport workout wear, previously not
discounted, is discounted 40 percent. A discontinued line of high-quality cotton
and knit clothing and accessories for infants up to size 10 is 70 to 80 percent
off. The sale runs from 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. today and Friday and 10 a.m. to 5 p.m.
Saturday.

All contemporary women's clothing items $5 each

It's the last blast for Look warehouse sales. The company is moving to Mexico
and has sold its remaining inventory of about 1,000 pieces to a former
associate. Prices ranged from $25 to $125 during past warehouse sales, but
everything is marked at $5 during the sale from 9 a.m. to 1 p.m. Saturday. The
pants, jackets, skirts, dresses and tank tops come in small, medium, large and
extra-large sizes for spring/summer. Styles are loose-fitting, colorful and
funky. The sale takes place at the owner's home at 4941 Uptown Av. S.,
Minneapolis, 612-920-1911. Cash only.

Will 90 percent off get you to buy?

If you're waiting for a great deal before you spend your moldy cash, here it is.
GH2 women's boutique (318 E. Hennepin Av., Minneapolis, 612-378-0509) will sell
all of its new and consigned items 90 percent off Friday and Saturday. The
spring/summer items will be priced at $5 to $200 after the discount. Doors open
at 10 a.m., and you can bet a line will be forming an hour or so in advance. The
store is closed today to prepare for the sale.

John Ewoldt - 612-673-7633 or jewoldt@startribune.com If you spot a deal, share
it at www.startribune.com/blogs/dealspotter.

LOAD-DATE: August 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              925 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 2, 2009 Thursday
                                 CITY-C Edition

Peco proposal seeks to slash power consumption

BYLINE: By Andrew Maykuth; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 731 words


Peco Energy Co. yesterday proposed distributing six million free or discounted
compact fluorescent lightbulbs - four for every residential customer - as part
of an aggressive plan to cut energy consumption in four years.

In a filing with the Pennsylvania Public Utility Commission, the Philadelphia
electric utility proposed spending $342 million to help customers weatherize
their homes and businesses, to subsidize energy-efficient appliances, and to
encourage customers to curtail consumption during the peak summer hours, when
power is in short supply.

The most energy-conscious residential customers could opt into discounted
programs previously available only to larger customers. One such program would
provide incentives to those who give Peco permission to control remotely big
appliances, such as air conditioners, to curtail use during peak hours.

By 2011, Peco hopes to implement time-of-day rates that would allow residential
customers to save money by shifting consumption to off-peak hours.

Peco's energy-efficiency and conservation proposal, along with those from six
other big Pennsylvania power companies, was filed yesterday to comply with Act
129, a law Gov. Rendell signed in October that requires electrical utilities to
reduce consumption 1 percent by 2011 and 3 percent by 2013.

The law also requires utilities to cut peak demand 4.5 percent during the
hottest hours in the summer, when air-conditioning use pushes the limits of the
grid.

Yesterday, Peco called the law's requirements "among the most aggressive in the
country" and asked the PUC to approve the plan quickly. Peco asked the
commission to expedite the lightbulb program, so it could tie in with federal
initiatives to encourage low-wattage lighting.

Peco's proposal, while ambitious, comes at a cost. Pennsylvania utilities can
raise rates up to 2 percent to recover the costs of the conservation programs.
The increase translates into $3 more per month for a Peco customer using 1,000
kilowatt-hours.

But Peco said customers who took advantage of even a few options - discounted
programmable thermostats or energy-efficient lighting - could recover their
investments quickly and drive down their monthly bills.

"It's really not about changing your lifestyle," said Cathy Engel, a Peco
spokeswoman. "It's about using energy smarter."

PPL Electric Utilities Corp., the Allentown utility that serves much of eastern
and central Pennsylvania, yesterday filed a similar plan to Peco's, proposing to
spend $246 million over four years on conservation.

The filings by the Pennsylvania utilites come amid a cascade of events as
federal and state agencies ramp up efforts to encourage conservation to reduce
greenhouse-gas emissions and dependence on imported fuel.

The New Jersey Board of Public Utilities yesterday approved $225 million in
energy-efficiency investments for three utilities, including $17.1 million by
South Jersey Gas Co. and $190 million by Public Service Electric & Gas Co. The
New Jersey proposals would create 1,000 jobs in the next 18 months, according to
the BPU.

PSE&G has proposed spending $29 million on residential improvements, $20 million
on small businesses, $25 million for government facilities, and $68 million to
improve efficiency at hospitals. The typical residential electric customer will
pay $2.60 more per year for the programs, according to the New Jersey utility.

Peco is required to cut annual consumption 1.2 billion kilowatt-hours by 2013,
the equivalent of knocking 120,000 households off the grid. Peco has 1.6 million
customers.

Across the state, a 4.5 percent reduction in peak demand translates into the
avoided cost of building 1,193 megawatts of capacity, the equivalent of one
nuclear reactor.

Peco's Proposals

Amounts the utility plans to spend to help customers reduce their energy use:

$20 million for compact-fluorescent-light giveaways and rebates.

$28 million for low-income energy-efficiency programs.

$35 million for rebates on energy-efficient products.

$10 million in appliance-pickup programs.

$5 million for rebates on home solar projects.

$4 million for home energy audits.

$41 million on energy-management programs.

$46 million to cut peak-hour energy use.

$62 million for commercial/industrial equipment upgrades.

$46 million for government and public facility improvements.

SOURCE: Peco

Contact staff writer Andrew Maykuth at 215-854-2947 or amaykuth@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              926 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Chicago Daily Herald

                            July 21, 2010 Wednesday
                                   F3 Edition

Tri-Cities in 60 seconds

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 412 words


Carnival discount:

Today is the last day to get discounted "unlimited ride" tickets for the
carnival rides at the Sugar Grove Corn Boil, which is Friday through Sunday.
Discounted tickets are $15 and available until 5 p.m. at Castle Bank, American
Heartland Bank and Trust, Chase and Old Second National Bank, all on Route 47 in
Sugar Grove.

View regional plan:

Residents can view and ask questions about the draft "GO TO 2040" plan for
northeastern Illinois, which addresses land use, transportation, environment,
economic development, housing, education, health care and other social services.
An open house is scheduled 6 to 8 tonight at the Kane County Government Center,
719 S. Batavia Ave., Geneva. For details, visit goto2040.org.

Art Fair street closure:

Third Street in Geneva, from James to South streets, will be closed from 5:30
p.m. Friday until 7 p.m. Sunday for the Geneva Arts Fair. Geneva police advise
motorists to use Route 31 as a detour.

Farmers market opening:

The Aurora Farmers Market at West Aurora Plaza, 1951 W. Galena Blvd., is open
from 2 to 6 p.m. Wednesdays through Sept. 15. The market offers fresh, locally
grown produce, prepared foods and handcrafted products. The city also offers a
Farmers Market from 8 a.m. until noon Saturdays at the Aurora Transportation
Center, 233 N. Broadway. For details on both markets call the Special Events
Division at (630) 844-4731 or visit aurora-il.org.

Garden club meets:

The Pottawatomie Garden Club meets at noon Monday at the St. Charles Library, 1
S. Sixth Ave. Debra Phillips, owner and landscape designer of Scentimental
Gardens, will discuss garden floors. For more information, visit
pottagardenclub.org.

Special ed records destroyed:

Kaneland School District 302 will destroy temporary special education records of
students who graduated, transferred out of the district or were dismissed from
special education services before the 2004-2005 school year. Students and their
parents or guardians can inspect or receive the records before Aug. 15. Call
(630) 365-5111 ext. 110.

Training table:

South Elgin High School Football will hold an all-you-can-eat spaghetti
fundraiser from 5 to 8 p.m. Tuesday, July 27, at the school, 760 E. Main St.
Cost is $10 for ages 13 and older; $7 for ages 5 to 12; and $8 for ages 60 and
older.; 4 and younger free. For details, contact Dale Schabert at (847)
289-3760, ext. 3232 or daleschabert@u-46.org; or Mike Mackender at (847)
289-3760, ext. 3707 or mikemackender@u-46.org

LOAD-DATE: July 23, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Pasted text from the article 'f3digest.MASTER'

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Paddock Publications, Inc.

                              927 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                           February 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SECOND EDITION

Hospitals decry bill mandating discounted care A proposal requiring at least 8
percent of operating costs go to free or discounted care is backed by Illinois'
attorney general.

BYLINE: By Philip Ewing POST-DISPATCH SPRINGFIELD BUREAU

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 448 words

DATELINE: SPRINGFIELD, ILL.


Hospitals across the state would become financial victims if a proposal backed
by Attorney General Lisa Madigan becomes law, a coalition of lawmakers and
hospital officials said Tuesday.

But a state official called the contention "scare tactics."

Madigan is pushing a bill that would require hospitals to devote at least 8
percent of their operating costs to free or discounted care. She says because
most hospitals don't pay taxes, they're obligated to provide a set amount of
free care.

The hospitals say they're already generous in helping poor patients and a
state-mandated minimum level of charity could force many of them into the red.

"These are among the most dangerous legislative proposals that I have ever
seen," said Ken Robbins, president of the Illinois Hospital Association. "It is
clear that the people who drafted this legislation really had no idea about how
the health care financing system operates."

Robbins appeared in a room packed with about 100 lawmakers, doctors and hospital
officials, all of whom condemned Madigan's initiatives.

A high-ranking lawyer with Madigan's office defended the proposals.

"The attorney general's perspective is that she would like to have a clear and
fair set of standards that hospitals should meet in exchange for the very
lucrative privilege of tax-exempt status," said Anne Murphy, senior counsel to
the attorney general. "I can assure you that for many hospitals, that's worth
millions in any given year."

The majority of hospitals in Illinois do not pay sales, income or property taxes
and can issue tax-free bonds to help finance expansions.

Madigan cites these benefits -- and says there are 1.8 million uninsured
Illinoisans and more than 100,000 driven into bankruptcy by medical costs -- as
reasons why state hospitals should provide a minimum amount of charity.

But yearly, Illinois hospitals already provide some $1.2 billion worth of free
care and other services, Robbins said, adding that a third of them operate at a
loss.

Hospitals would have to pay almost $800 million more per year to meet Madigan's
proposed base level of 8 percent, which he said would most hurt hospitals in the
state's poorest areas and, consequently, the state's poorest people.

Local hospitals would not be immune from the law: St. Elizabeth's Hospital in
Belleville provides about $28 million worth of free care and services, a
spokesman there said, and would have to pay between $4 million to $5 million
more per year to meet Madigan's minimum limits.

Robbins did concede that Madigan's worries about the state's uninsured were
valid.

"It is a problem," he said, "but there is a limit to what hospitals can do. We
cannot be the only answer to that problem."

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              928 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 9, 2017 Monday

Local residents can get discounted rates for solar panel installations

BYLINE: Carol Kugler, Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 452 words


Jan. 09--Bloomington residents and some people living in Monroe County can
purchase solar panels at a discounted price as part of the Solarize Bloomington
campaign.

The city is purchasing solar panels for City Hall and the Bloomington Police
Department headquarters and will get the panels at a discount, which it is
offering to area residents.

"We're helping Bloomington go solar," said Jacqui Bauer, sustainability
coordinator for the city. The greater the number of people participating, the
less each person will pay for the panels.

The price for solar energy systems has declined in the past few years, Bauer
said, adding that when she installed a solar panel system four or five years ago
on her residence, it cost $4.75 per watt. The average now is estimated at $3.50
per watt, and the city's price is about $2.60 per watt, she said.

"We are making solar panels available at a great discount," Bauer said. "There
are homes locally that are already supplying 100 percent of their electric needs
with solar panels."

The new system will provide almost 40 percent of the total energy needs in City
Hall, saving the city more than $35,000 each year.

Participants in the Solarize Bloomington project will be offered prices of about
$7,000 for a 4-kilowatt system that can produce about half of the electricity
for a typical U.S. home, according to Bauer. That price includes the 30 percent
federal tax credit that the homeowners will accrue over time after paying the
full price for the system, she said, adding that the system could provide more
than half of the electricity for some area households.

The city is working with Solar Indiana Renewable Energy Network (SIREN)
officials and solar installers with Whole Sun Designs and Solar Energy Solutions
to implement the program. The program will be offered through the end of 2017.

To learn more about the program, there will be three public information
sessions. The sessions will be:

--7 p.m. Jan. 17 at City Hall

--5:30 p.m. Jan. 30 at City Hall

--Feb. 16 at a time and place to be determined.

Anyone interested can also fill out an online form at
tinyurl.com/solarizebloomington that will help determine their needs and if they
fit the criteria.

Bauer was excited to announce that the program will be open to Bloomington
residents as well as Monroe County residents who are customers of Duke Energy.
"We may expand it further," Bauer said.

Already there are 73 names of people interested in the program, and that's
before the city has publicized the program, Bauer said. "We're hoping for more,"
she said.

___ (c)2017 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170109-BM-Local-residents-can-get-discounted
-rates-for-solar-panel-installations-0109-20170109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2017 Herald-Times

                              929 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             March 8, 2008 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Month-Long Stress Test

BYLINE: Michael Wilbon

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. E01

LENGTH: 909 words


Selection Sunday is eight days away, but the desperation and anxiety that can
only be produced by March is already here. It can be felt this weekend in North
Charleston, S.C., where the Southern Conference will determine its champion. It
can be felt in Nashville, where the Atlantic Sun will determine its one
automatic bid to the NCAA tournament. It can be felt at the Summit League
tournament in Tulsa, at the Missouri Valley Conference tournament in St. Louis,
at the Metro Atlantic tournament in Albany, N.Y.

An eight-month period that has produced spying on the field and lying under oath
off of it has arrived at what might be the only month of athletic purity. You
don't have to wait another day for buzzer beaters and weeping cheerleaders. It's
here for the next 30 days, and one might argue this is the best week of all,
Championship Week as it's now commonly called, the appetizer that's sometimes
even tastier than the entree.

The pressure of basketball's greatest month can even be felt where the stakes
aren't quite as high, at Verizon Center this afternoon for instance, where
Georgetown and Louisville play for the Big East regular season championship.
Once upon a time, when the Big East was trying to move into bigger arenas and
secure national television contracts, it would come down to Syracuse-Georgetown
on the final weekend of the regular season and all the Eastern schools would
beam over being the main event.

Georgetown vs. Louisville is certainly a heavyweight match. Georgetown is No. 11
in the Associated Press poll and Louisville is 12th. In the latest RPI,
Louisville is 11th and Georgetown  eighth, meaning these two couldn't be any
more evenly matched. Each team is good enough to reach the Final Four.
Georgetown, curiously, is 24-4 but has been discounted for having close and
controversial results.

There was the uncalled block/goaltending play by Patrick Ewing Jr. at West
Virginia, Roy Hibbert's three-pointer to beat Connecticut, the phantom foul call
that let Georgetown beat Villanova, and another (more legit) foul call that
allowed Georgetown to force overtime and then beat Marquette.

The central question, on the eve of the first great weekend of March, is whether
winning these kinds of games should be discounted -- or valued.

This season in Big East games decided by five points or fewer or in overtime,
Georgetown is 5-0. Louisville is 4-4 in such games. One would presume Georgetown
has to be about as confident in close games as anyone, given  its record in
them. Certainly, John Thompson III's Hoyas never, ever, seemed panicked or out
of sorts with a game on the line. It doesn't mean they'll beat Rick Pitino and
Louisville today, but it does mean the Hoyas ought to feel pretty darn good
about themselves as they enter the games that matter most.

And Georgetown, at the very least, knows it will be playing in two weeks when
the NCAA tournament begins. American, which plays Army tomorrow at Bender Arena,
does not know that. George Mason, which will begin CAA tournament play today in
Richmond, does not know that. Virginia Tech, which needs to beat Clemson
tomorrow, does not know that. And Maryland, which needs to beat Virginia
tomorrow and win probably two games in the ACC tournament, doesn't know that,
either. They've all got work to do. AU and Mason already are in single
elimination, as are many others.

Eleven leagues will determine their conference champions through tournament play
between today and Tuesday night, from San Diego to Upstate New York. It used to
be that almost all the teams playing in Championship Week were obscure,
off-Broadway kinds of teams that only the true hoops junkies would give more
than cursory looks to.

But we've come to see in the last, oh, dozen years that the tournament games of
the CAA, the MAAC, the MWC, the OVC, the Southern Conference (among others)
likely will be much more dramatic than the final regular season games of the
big-boy conferences and can feature some of the best players in the country,
such as Davidson's Stephon Curry, arguably the deadliest shooter in all of
college basketball.

College basketball has become so televised, so widely discussed and so deep in
talent that you don't have to feel way off the beaten path to pay attention to,
say, Big South No. 1 seed UNC Asheville and its 7-foot-7 center Kenny George,
who can dunk with his toes on the floor. You want local flavor? Stay with the
CAA and watch Virginia Commonwealth and George Mason, and see if the league
produces another NCAA tournament team ready to slay a big conference Goliath.

Over the weekend, you can see three top 25 teams: Butler (27-3) of the Horizon
League, Drake (26-4) of the MVC and Gonzaga (24-6) of the West Coast Conference.
That doesn't even count St. Mary's of the WCC, which has been in and out of the
rankings, or the Atlantic Sun's No. 1 seed Belmont. Drake (RPI of 15), Butler
(18) and Saint Mary's (32) all could  receive at-large bids, which is why the
big conference bubble teams are rooting like mad for them to win their
conferences and not give their conferences' automatic bids to teams who wouldn't
otherwise qualify.

So in that way, the big schools on the bubble, such as Maryland, are under
stress already, too -- just watching television and hoping for the combination
of circumstances that will help them negotiate a month of basketball that just
keeps getting longer (the NCAA title game is April 7) and more desperate every
single year.

LOAD-DATE: March 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              930 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                             July 22, 2014 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 3B

LENGTH: 212 words


Tickets for N.C. State  Fair to go on sale early

RALEIGH | Organizers of the 2014 State Fair will start selling concert tickets,
discounted admission tickets and ride sheets at 10 a.m. Aug. 1.

The tickets will be available at ncstatefair.org. The discounted prices will be
available through Aug. 31. The fair is Oct. 16-26 at the State Fairgrounds in
Raleigh.

Scheduled concert performers include Trace Adkins, Vanilla Ice, Joan Jett and
the Blackhearts and the Newsboys. Ticket prices range from $5 to $17.

The cost of advance admission tickets will be $7 for adults, $2 off the regular
price, and $3 for children, $1 off the regular price. For groups of 40 or more,
adult tickets are $5 and child tickets $2. Admission is free for children aged 5
and under and adults aged 65 and over.

Members of the military and family members with proper ID will be able to
purchase tickets at the gate for $5, but not in advance.

An 18-ticket ride sheet is $10 in advance, $8 off the regular price.

Ticket buyers can also earn up to three free adult admission tickets based on
the total purchase amount in a single order before convenience fees - one free
ticket for a purchase of $50-$100; two for a purchase of $100-$200; and three
for purchases of more than $200.

- McClatchy News Service

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              931 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 13, 2008 Friday

IROBBED - SUPER PHONES USED AS BAIT BY THUGS; GUN THUGS USED IPHONES AS ICATCHER
FOR VICTIMS

BYLINE: JOHN DOYLE

SECTION: Sports+Late City Final; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 365 words


A Brooklyn gang used a scam on craigslist.com to shake down New Yorkers with the
lure of discounted iPhones, police said yesterday.

The scheme - which netted thousands of dollars from as many as 12 victims from
all five boroughs - finally came undone Wednesday night, when cops set up a
sting on a Flatlands street corner and arrested four suspects.

Authorities said the ring posted ads promising bulk sales of discounted Apple
iPhones - in at least one case offering 10 for $2,000 - and got the would-be
customers to show up at desolate locations in Flatbush, East Flatbush and
Flatlands.

When the victims arrived, the thugs robbed them at gunpoint, cops said.

"It was all a ruse to get the buyers with money in [the criminals'] comfort zone
so they could rob them," said Lt. Garfield Brown of the Brooklyn Central Robbery
Unit.

In one particularly nasty holdup on April 10, the guntoting robbers allegedly
demanded cash from a 69-year-old man who showed up at with two children in the
car.

The victim - who is believed to be the kids' grandfather - scared the thieves
off when he started honking the car's horn.

The biggest haul came June 4, when the men made off with $2,000, the victim's
cellphone and a handheld navigation device, cops said.

The suspects - Orival Michael, 19, Elorge Zamy, 20, Ulyses Campbell, 18, and
Christopher Tharvil, 19, all of Brooklyn - were charged with robbery, weapons
possession and conspiracy to commit robbery.

The ring operated from March 8 to June 4, cops said. Its latest craigslist
posting turned out to be its last.

An officer, posing as a customer, arranged a meeting at 8 p.m. Wednesday at
Albany Avenue and Avenue K.

The suspects were arrested at the site. Cops said they found a loaded 9mm
handgun in the men's car nearby.

When the iPhone debuted in June 2007, it cost as much as $699. Prices have since
dropped, and on Monday, Apple unveiled a $199 model. "These detectives did
outstanding work, online and on the street," Police Commissioner Ray Kelly said.

Four of the 12 robberies have been tied to the gang, and lineups are being
conducted to see if they can be tied to eight others.

Additional reporting by Larry Celona and Lukas I. Alpert

LOAD-DATE: June 13, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              932 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Greeley Tribune (Colorado)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 4, 2016 Monday

BRIEF: Weld County Humane Society to offer special discounted spay, neuter
clinics

BYLINE: Greeley Tribune, Colo.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 138 words


Jan. 04--The Humane Society of Weld County will offer discounted spay and neuter
clinics thanks to the generosity of an anonymous donor.

On a first-come, first-served basis as long as the funds from the donor last,
Weld County pet owners with an income of less than $35,000 can get their cats or
dogs sterilized for $20. Owners can have their pit bulls or Chihuahuas
sterilized for $10 with proof of a rabies vaccination.

The humane society offers spay and neuter clinics every Wednesday and Thursday
at its facility, 1620 42nd St., Evans.

Anyone interesting in spaying or neutering his or her pet should call the human
society at (970) 506-9550 to schedule an appointment.

___ (c)2016 the Greeley Tribune (Greeley, Colo.) Visit the Greeley Tribune
(Greeley, Colo.) at www.greeleytribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20160104-GY-BRF-Weld-County-Humane-Society-to-offer-special-discounted
-spay-neuter-clinics-0104-20160104

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: GY


                         Copyright 2016 Greeley Tribune

                              933 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              July 4, 2016 Monday

WITNESSETH

LENGTH: 811  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbia: Mount Pleasant, The State of South Carolina has issued the following
news release:



 WHEREAS, the Town owns and operates the facility known as Alhambra Hall located
at 131 Middle Street in the Town of Mount Pleasant; and,

 WHEREAS, Alhambra Hall is an excellent facility that is available for use by
responsible individuals; and,

 WHEREAS, the Town is responsible for the maintenance and upkeep of said
facility and as such, has the obligation to charge a sufficient amount for use
of the same and ensure against damages to said property; and,

 WHEREAS, the individual(s) named herein desire(s) to utilize Alhambra Hall and
fully recognize(s) the terms stated herein and agree(s) to assume the
responsibilities hereunder.



 NOW, THEREFORE, The Town and the Licensee hereby agree to the following terms:

 1. The Town agrees to grant a license to the Licensee for use of the facility,
or a portion thereof as stated in Item # 8, known as Alhambra Hall. The Licensee
must be at least twenty one (21) years old and is responsible for distributing
all rental information and rules to group members, caterers, rental companies,
and any other outside individuals involved with the rental.

 2. A Deposit shall be required at the time of reservation. The total Rental Fee
shall be paid no later than thirty (30) days prior to the rental date. All
checks shall be made payable to the Town of Mount Pleasant. The deposit will be
returned upon full compliance with the terms stated herein normally within ten
(10) business days after the event. However, if the license agreement is
cancelled or terminated for any reason, the deposit will not be refunded.

 3. Mount Pleasant residents may be entitled to the discounted Mount Pleasant
rate for the following: themselves or an immediate family member (limited to
parent, spouse, child and sibling). A business, school, club, non-profit or
organization located in Mount Pleasant may rent Alhambra Hall for the discounted
Mount Pleasant rate. Businesses and other organizations are prohibited from
renting Alhambra Hall on behalf of their own or another's personal event i.e.
wedding, birthday party, reception, bar mitzvah, etc. Proof of residency and
necessary verifications, shall be required at time of rental. Additional
verification may be requested by the Town at any time prior to or after the
rental period. Failure to provide verification or sufficient verification, as
solely determined by the Town, may result in loss of the discounted Mount
Pleasant rate. It is the responsibility of the Mount Pleasant resident to
execute this license agreement as Licensee and to sign in with the Town's
representative at Alhambra Hall at the beginning of the event and provide
identification/proof of residency for the record. Failure to follow the license
agreement requirements, to include the required sign in process, shall result in
forfeiture of the deposit. The Licensee shall be responsible to the Town for the
obligations hereunder, including but not limited to the license agreement amount
and any and all damages.

 4. In consideration of the discounted rate applicable to Mount Pleasant
residents, I hereby certify that the function for which I am renting Alhambra
Hall meets the resident requirements: the event is being rented and conducted by
me; that I will be present throughout the entirety of the function; and that I
will be responsible for the conduct of the function, the attendees, and all
caterers, rental companies and other third parties I retain or invite. I
understand that if I make any false statements or representations on this
license agreement or to Town staff or employees I may not be permitted to rent
Alhambra Hall for future functions and I may be subject to the provisions
contained in Item #26.

 Initials of Licensee: ____________

 5. Noise must be kept at a minimum per Town ordinance 116.02 which states "any
event involving loudspeakers or amplified music systems will not be allowed
outside after 7:00 p.m. on Sunday through Thursday, and after 9:00 p.m. on
Friday and Saturday." There must be full compliance with all Town ordinances,
state laws, and all other applicable regulations.

 6. The use of fireworks or fire producing devices is prohibited.

 7. The inside fireplaces located upstairs and downstairs shall not be used and
there must be full compliance with all fire codes and occupancy requirements. No
more than 350 people are allowed for any one event at any one time. If the fire
alarm is pulled the renting party will forfeit the deposit. Smoke machines to
include smoke producing devices will activate the fire alarm system. Smoking
inside the venue is prohibited. Candles must be enclosed in glass-shaded
holders.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              934 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 1, 2014 Monday

USPTO grants trade mark "COMMUNITY FIRST" to Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago
(ILLINOIS)

LENGTH: 283  words

DATELINE: Alexandria


Federal Home Loan Bank of Chicago (ILLINOIS), has been granted trademark
(4645833) titled as "COMMUNITY FIRST" from the United States Patent and
Trademark Office.

Status: Registered

Class/es: IC 041. US 100 101 107. G & S: Providing recognition and incentives by
the way of awards to demonstrate excellence in the field of financial services,
loans to support affordable housing and economic development programs,
competitive grants for the purchase, acquisition, new construction, and
rehabilitation of owner occupied or rental housing, mortgage assistance in the
nature of mortgage lending for housing purchase, cash advances for the purpose
of housing and economic development projects, and issuing of discounted letters
of credit; providing online newsletters in the field of financial services,
loans to support affordable housing and economic development programs,
competitive grants for the purchase, acquisition, new construction, and
rehabilitation of owner occupied or rental housing, mortgage assistance in the
nature of mortgage lending for housing purchase, cash advances for the purpose
of housing and economic development projects, and issuing of discounted letters
of credit; Providing on-line newsletters in the field of financial services,
affordable housing and economic development, loans to support affordable housing
and economic development, grants for the purchase, acquisition, new
construction, and rehabilitation of owner occupied or rental housing, mortgage
assistance in the nature of mortgage lending for housing purchase, cash advances
for the purpose of housing and economic development projects and issuing of
discounted letters of credit. FIRST USE: 20130329.

Filing

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              935 of 999 DOCUMENTS

             Copyright 2017 Thomson Financial, All Rights Reserved
                            Reuters Knowledge Direct

                               February 27, 2017

                                   Tix Corp.

                           12711 Ventura Blvd Ste 340
                          STUDIO CITY,  CA 91604-2416
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: Main Phone: 1-818-7611002, Contact Phone: 1-818-7611002
FAX: 1-302-6555049
URL: Home Page: http://www.tixcorp.com/

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY IDENTIFIERS * * * * * * * * * *
TICKER: TIXC
CUSIP: 888733102
IRS No.: 954417467
CIK: 0000925956
ISIN: US8887331028
SEDOL: 2249771
Reuters Instrument Code: TIXC.PK
Display RIC: TIXC.PK

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
INCORPORATION DATE: April 6, 1993
PLACE OF INCORPORATION: Delaware
LEGAL STATUS: Equity Issue
OPERATING STATUS: Active
EMPLOYEES: 134

* * * * * * * * * * EXECUTIVES * * * * * * * * * *
CONTACT: Steve Handy, Chief Financial Officer



OFFICERS AND DIRECTORS
NAME            CURRENT TITLE (DATE)      OFFICER      DIRECTOR     AGE   SEX
                                          SINCE        SINCE
Mr. Mitch       Chairman of the Board,    1993         1993         60    M
Francis         President, Chief
                Executive Officer (2007)
Mr. Steve Handy Chief Financial Officer   2010                      47    M
                (2010)
Ms. Kimberly    Chief Operating Officer   2001                      47    F
Simon           (2007)

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Tix Corporation, incorporated on April 6, 1993, is an entertainment company.
The Company is engaged in providing discount ticketing and discount dinner
reservations through its subsidiary, Tix4Tonight, LLC (Tix4Tonight). Tix4Tonight
offers for sale discount show and discount dinner reservations. When selling
last minute discounted tickets, Tix4Tonight sells them under short-term,
exclusive and non-exclusive agreements with Las Vegas shows, and various
attractions and tours running at any one time. The shows are paid on a weekly
basis only for the tickets that Tix4Tonight actually sells to customers.
Tix4Tonight has sold over 13 million discount tickets in Las Vegas.

   The Company's Las Vegas discounted dinners business offers reservations for
discounted dinners at various restaurants surrounding the Las Vegas Strip and
downtown with dining at specific times on the same day or in some cases the day
after the sale. Tix4Tonight has approximately 10 discount ticket booths,
offering discounts for tickets to every non-sold-out show, along with discount
dinner reservations to over 50 restaurants and buffet daily. Its Vegas booths
include Planet Hollywood, Giant Coke Bottle, Showcase Mall, Town Square, Casino
Royale, Fashion Show Mall, Slots of Fun, Circus Circus, Four Queens and Bally's
Grand Bazar Shops.

* * * * * * * * * * MARKET AND INDUSTRY * * * * * * * * * *
PRIMARY NAICS:
71311 - Amusement and Theme Parks
SECONDARY NAICS:
71399 - All Other  Amusement and Recreation Industries
51211 - Motion Picture and Video Production
561599 - All Other Travel Arrangement and Reservation Services
PRIMARY SIC:
7996 - Amusement Parks
SECONDARY SIC:
7993 - Coin-Operated Amusement Devices
7812 - Motion Picture & Video Production
4729 - Passenger Trans Arrangement, Nec
COMPETITORS:

     ·    Pembangunan Jaya Ancol Tbk PT
     ·    Cedar Fair, L.P.
     ·    Six Flags Entertainment Corp
     ·    Hna Innovation Hainan Co Ltd


* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *
FISCAL YEAR DATE: December 31, 2015

MOST RECENT EXCHANGE RATE:  1.0
CHART OF ACCOUNTS:  Industry
ACCOUNTING STANDARD:  U.S. GAAP
LATEST AVAILABLE ANNUAL:  20170227

* * * * * * * * * * BALANCE SHEET * * * * * * * * * *


ASSETS ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Cash                                     7,921           4,866           3,176
Cash and Short Term                      7,921           4,866           3,176
Investments
Accounts Receivable - Trade,                47              54              63
Net
Total Receivables, Net                      47              54              63
Prepaid Expenses                           122             148             268
Total Current Assets                     8,090           5,068           3,507
Property/Plant/Equipment,                  579             918             884
Total - Net
Goodwill, Net                            3,120           3,120           3,120
Intangibles, Net                            17             153             498
Other Long Term Assets                      66              68              71
Other Long Term Assets, Total           11,597              68              71
Total Assets                            23,403           9,327           8,080



LIABILITIES ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Accounts Payable                         1,140             938             693
Payable/Accrued                          1,390           1,236             939
Notes Payable/Short Term Debt              176             176           3,726
Customer Advances                           25              25              29
Other Current liabilities,                  25             106             113
Total
Total Current Liabilities                2,731           2,456           5,471
Long Term Debt                             376             552             728
Total Long Term Debt                       376             552             728
Total Debt                                 552             728           4,454
Other Long Term Liabilities                 58             211             293
Other Liabilities, Total                    58             211             293
Total Liabilities                        3,165           3,219           6,492



EQUITY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Common Stock                             2,713           2,666           2,691
Common Stock, Total                      2,713           2,666           2,691
Additional Paid-In Capital              94,216          91,717          91,268
Retained Earnings (Accumulated        (48,576)        (62,810)        (66,958)
Deficit)
Treasury Stock - Common               (28,115)        (25,465)        (25,413)
Total Equity                            20,238           6,108           1,588
Total Liabilities &                     23,403           9,327           8,080
Shareholders' Equity
Shares Outs - Common Stock              17,280          17,865          18,219
Primary Issue
Total Common Shares                     17,280          17,865          18,219
Outstanding



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Treas Shares - Common Stock                 17              15              15
Prmry Issue



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Goodwill - Net                           3,120           3,120           3,120
Deferred Revenue - Current                  25              25              29



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Total Current Assets less                8,090           5,068           3,507
Inventory('000 USD)
Quick Ratio                                  3               2               1
Current Ratio                                3               2               1
Net Debt Incl. Pref.Stock &            (7,369)         (4,138)           1,278
Min.Interest('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value, Common             17,101           2,835         (2,030)
Equity('000 USD)
Tangible Book Value per Share,               1               0               0
Common Eq (USD)

* * * * * * * * * * INCOME STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Sales                               23,421          22,696          22,154
Revenue                                 23,421          22,696          22,154
Total Revenue                           23,421          22,696          22,154
Cost of Revenue                          9,395           9,441           9,365
Cost of Revenue, Total                   9,395           9,441           9,365
Gross Profit                            14,026          13,255          12,789
Selling/General/Administrative           7,899           7,275           8,090
Expense
Selling/General/Admin.                   7,899           7,834           8,090
Expenses, Total
Depreciation                               596             855           1,141
Depreciation/Amortization                  596             855           1,141
Total Operating Expense                 17,890          18,239          20,467
Operating Income                         5,531           4,457           1,687
Interest Expense -                        (24)           (213)            (55)
Non-Operating
Interest Expense, Net                     (24)           (213)            (55)
Non-Operating
Interest Income -                            2               1              16
Non-Operating
Interest/Invest Income -                     2               1              16
Non-Operating
Interest                                  (22)           (212)            (39)
Inc.(Exp.),Net-Non-Op., Total
Other Non-Operating Income                   7               3            (69)
(Expense)
Other, Net                                   7               3            (69)
Net Income Before Taxes                  5,516           4,248           1,579
Provision for Income Taxes            (11,276)             100               5
Net Income After Taxes                  16,792           4,148           1,574
Net Income Before Extra. Items          16,792           4,148           1,574
Income Available to Com Excl            16,792           4,148           1,574
ExtraOrd
Basic Weighted Average Shares           17,200          18,195          23,565
Basic EPS Excluding                          1               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Weighted Average                17,742          18,347          23,641
Shares
Diluted EPS Excluding ExtraOrd               1               0               0
Items



EXTRAORDINARY ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income                              16,792           4,148           1,574
Income Available to Com Incl            16,792           4,148           1,574
ExtraOrd



NORMALIZED ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Normalized Income Before Taxes           5,516           4,357           3,450
Inc Tax Ex Impact of Sp Items         (11,276)             103              11
Normalized Income After Taxes           16,792           4,254           3,439
Normalized Inc. Avail to Com.           16,792           4,254           3,439
Basic Normalized EPS                         1               0               0
Diluted Normalized EPS                       1               0               0



RATIOS
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Gross Margin                                60              58              58
Operating Margin                            24              20               8
Pretax Margin                               24              19               7
Effective Tax Rate                        -204               2               0
Net Profit Margin                           72              18               7
Normalized EBIT('000 USD)                5,531           4,566           3,558
Normalized EBITDA('000 USD)              6,127           5,421           4,699



SUPPLEMENTAL ('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Basic EPS Including                          1               0               0
Extraordinary Items
Diluted Net Income                          17               4               2
Diluted EPS Including ExtraOrd               1               0               0
Items



FOOTNOTE
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Interest Expense, Supplemental              24             213              55
Depreciation, Supplemental                 460             510             633
Amort of Intangibles,                      136             345             508
Supplemental

* * * * * * * * * * CASHFLOW STATEMENT * * * * * * * * * *


('000 USD)
                                    12/31/2015      12/31/2014      12/31/2013
Net Income/Starting Line                16,792           4,148           1,574
Depreciation                               460             510             633
Depreciation/Depletion                     460             510             633
Amortization of Intangibles                136             345             508
Amortization                               136             345             508
Other Non-Cash Items                       390             446             969
Non-Cash Items                             390             446           1,164
Accounts Receivable                          7               9            (18)
Prepaid Expenses                            28             123             267
Accounts Payable                           202             245         (1,742)
Payable/Accrued                            154             297               2
Other Liabilities                         (75)             (4)           (145)
Changes in Working Capital            (11,215)             670         (1,636)
Cash from Operating Activities           6,563           6,119           2,243
Purchase of Fixed Assets                 (121)           (544)           (641)
Capital Expenditures                     (121)           (544)           (641)
Cash from Investing Activities           (121)           (544)           2,344
Other Financing Cash Flow                (159)            (90)           (212)
Financing Cash Flow Items                (159)            (90)           (212)
Repurchase/Retirement of                 (495)            (52)         (7,216)
Common
Common Stock, Net                        (495)            (52)         (7,216)
Issuance (Retirement) of                 (470)            (52)         (7,216)
Stock, Net
Cash from Financing Activities         (3,387)         (3,885)         (7,428)
Net Change in Cash                       3,055           1,690         (2,841)
Net Cash - Beginning Balance             4,866           3,176           6,017
Net Cash - Ending Balance                7,921           4,866           3,176
Cash Taxes Paid                            254               1              80

* * * * * * * * * * RATIOS * * * * * * * * * *
COMPANY SPECIFIC:


Balance Sheet
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Cash Flow
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Descriptive
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Efficiency Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Financial Strength
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Growth Rates
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Income Statement
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Management Effectiveness
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Per Share Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Price Related
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Profitability Ratios
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67



Share Related Items
Assets, current - most recent fiscal year ('000                           8,090
USD)
Assets, current - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                          7,230
Assets, total - most recent fiscal year ('000                            23,403
USD)
Assets, total - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           21,567
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent fiscal                          20,238
year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) - most recent quarter                         19,237
('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           17,101
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) in dollars - most recent                           16,117
quarter ('000 USD)
Cash and Equiv., most recent quarter ('000 USD)                           7,029
Cash and Equivalents ('000 USD)                                           7,921
Liabilities, current - most recent fiscal year                            2,731
('000 USD)
Liabilities, current - most recent quarter ('000                          2,104
USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent fiscal year                              3,165
('000 USD)
Liabilities, total - most recent quarter ('000                            2,330
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent fiscal year ('000                             376
USD)
LT debt (total) - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                            194
Receivables - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             47
Receivables - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 42
Shareholder Equity - most recent fiscal year                             20,238
('000 USD)
Shareholder Equity - most recent quarter ('000                           19,237
USD)
Total debt - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             552
Total debt - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 370
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent fiscal                             596
year ('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) most recent quarter                             86
('000 USD)
Depreciation expense - (SCF) trailing 12 month                              478
('000 USD)
Dividends paid from SCF - most recent fiscal year                         2,558
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow - 1st historical fiscal year ('000                         3,884
USD)
Free Cash Flow - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             333
Free Cash Flow - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                           (1,580)
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         255.86
%, FY
Net Income/Total Cash From Operating Activities,                         676.64
%, TTM
Total Operating Cash Flow per Share, Avg. Diluted                           370
Shares Outstanding, FY ('000 USD)
Number of historical periods - Annual                                        23
Number of historical periods - Quarterly                                     91
Asset turnover - most recent fiscal year                                   1.43
Asset turnover - most recent quarter (annualized)                           .98
Receivables turnover - most recent fiscal year                           463.78
Receivables turnover - most recent quarter                               517.52
(annualized)
Current ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    2.96
Current ratio - most recent quarter                                        3.44
Debt Service to EPS - most recent fiscal year                              1.18
Debt Service to EPS - most recent quarter                                 39.78
Debt Service to EPS - trailing 12 month                                    3.85
Interest coverage - most recent fiscal year                              251.41
Interest coverage - most recent quarter                                  138.80
Interest coverage - prior trailing 12 month                              282.11
Interest coverage - trailing 12 month                                    212.75
LT debt/assets - most recent fiscal year                                   1.61
LT debt/assets - most recent quarter                                        .90
LT debt/equity - most recent fiscal year                                   1.86
LT debt/equity - most recent quarter                                       1.01
LT debt/total capital - most recent fiscal year                            1.81
LT debt/total capital - most recent quarter                                 .99
Payout ratio - most recent fiscal year                                    15.44
Reinvestment Rate - most recent fiscal year                               84.56
Reinvestment Rate - most recent quarter                                  100.00
Reinvestment Rate - trailing 12 month                                     93.89
Total debt/total assets - most recent fiscal year                          2.36
Total debt/total assets - most recent quarter                              1.72
Total debt/total capital - most recent fiscal                              2.66
year
Total debt/total capital - most recent quarter                             1.89
Total debt/total equity - most recent fiscal year                          2.73
Total debt/total equity - most recent quarter                              1.92
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .31
fiscal year
Working Capital per share/Price - most recent                               .30
quarter
Current EBITDA/EV                                                         23.91
Current EBITDA to EV, LFY                                                 39.45
Current EBITDA to EV, LTM                                                 23.91
Assets, total % Change - year over year                                  150.92
Book value per share growth rate, 5 year                                  21.25
Capital Spending growth rate, 5 year                                     -29.57
Cash Flow growth rate, 5 year                                             35.31
EPS Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                            -71.77
EPS Change % - prior quarter                                             -13.90
EPS Change % - year over year                                            318.64
EPS Change %, TTM over TTM                                               183.11
EPS growth rate, 5 year                                                   67.73
Gross Margin growth rate, 5 year                                          58.64
Growth rate% -  Revenue, 3 year                                           -1.25
Growth rate% - EPS, 3 year                                               129.08
Growth rate% - net income                                                106.07
Net Income Change % - most recent quarter 1 year                         -71.29
ago
Net Income Change % - prior quarter                                      -14.15
Net Income Change % - trailing 12 months                                 181.69
Net Income Change % - year over year                                     304.82
Net Income growth rate, 5 year                                            50.48
Net Profit Margin growth rate, 5 year                                     59.04
Revenue Change % - most recent quarter 1 year ago                        -12.45
Revenue Change % - prior quarter                                           -.41
Revenue Change %, TTM over TTM                                            -6.25
Revenue Change %, year over year                                           3.19
Revenue growth rate, 10 year                                              24.14
Revenue growth rate, 5 year                                               -5.38
Revenue/share (5 yr growth)                                                5.46
Revenue/share - 3 Year TTM Growth                                          9.54
Cash from Operating Activities - 3 Year TTM                              -25.04
Growth
Cost of good sold - most recent fiscal year ('000                         9,395
USD)
Cost of good sold - most recent quarter ('000                             2,644
USD)
Cost of good sold - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                         10,256
Earnings after taxes - most recent fiscal year                           16,792
('000 USD)
Earnings after taxes - most recent quarter ('000                            455
USD)
Earnings after taxes - trailing 12 months ('000                          14,135
USD)
Earnings After Taxes, Normalized - most recent                           16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent fiscal year                           5,516
('000 USD)
Earnings before taxes - most recent quarter ('000                           689
USD)
Earnings before taxes - trailing 12 month ('000                           3,383
USD)
Earnings before taxes Normalized - most recent                            5,516
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EBIT - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                 5,531
EBIT - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                       694
EBIT - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                       3,404
EBITD - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                                6,127
EBITD - most recent fiscal year -1 ('000 USD)                             5,421
EBITD - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                      781
EBITD - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                      3,883
Interest expense - most recent fiscal year ('000                             24
USD)
Interest expense - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             5
Interest expense - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              16
Net Income available to common - most recent                             16,792
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - most recent                                455
quarter ('000 USD)
Net Income available to common - trailing 12                             14,135
months ('000 USD)
Net Income Available to Common, Normalized - most                        16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income excluding extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Net Income including extraordinary items - most                          16,792
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Revenue - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                             23,421
Revenue - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                  5,290
Revenue - prior trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                             23,423
Revenue - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                                   21,959
Tax rate - 5 year average                                                -69.36
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year                                      -204.42
Tax rate - most recent fiscal year -1                                      2.35
Tax rate - most recent quarter                                            33.96
Tax rate - trailing 12 month                                            -317.82
Taxes paid - most recent fiscal year ('000 USD)                        (11,276)
Taxes paid - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                                 234
Taxes paid - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              (10,752)
Total Income Net - most recent fiscal year ('000                         16,792
USD)
Net Income Before Extraordinary Items, TTM ('000                         14,135
USD)
Earnings per Share, Normalized, Excluding                                   795
Extraordinary Items, Avg. Diluted Shares
Outstanding, TTM ('000 USD)
Income After Tax, Normalized, TTM ('000 USD)                             14,135
Return on average assets - 5 year average                                 38.88
Return on average assets - most recent fiscal                            102.61
year
Return on average assets - most recent quarter                             8.45
(annualized)
Return on average equity - 5 year average                                 66.61
Return on average equity - most recent fiscal                            127.47
year
Return on average equity - most recent quarter                             9.39
(annualized)
Return on investment - 5 year average                                     58.34
Return on investment - most recent fiscal year                           121.93
Return on investment - most recent quarter                                 9.28
(annualized)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,171
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (Common Equity) per share - most                               1,109
recent quarter ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               990
fiscal year ('000 USD)
Book value (tangible) per share - most recent                               929
quarter ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per Share, most recent fiscal                                7
year ('000 USD)
Capital Spending per share, trailing 12 month                                 2
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year                               980
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal year - 1                           273
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter - 1                                36
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                                   121
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter (not                               30
annualized) ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1 year                           390
ago ('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - prior trailing 12 month                              314
('000 USD)
Cash Flow per share  - trailing 12 month ('000                              813
USD)
Cash per share - most recent fiscal year ('000                              458
USD)
Cash per share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                             405
EBITD per share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              216
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                              976
recent fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - most                               26
recent quarter ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                             290
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS Basic excluding extraordinary items -                                   821
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS excluding extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                             946
fiscal year ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - most recent                              25
quarter ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - prior                                   281
trailing 12 month ('000 USD)
EPS including extraordinary items - trailing 12                             795
month ('000 USD)
EPS Normalized - most recent fiscal year ('000                              946
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY ('000                             219
USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent FY - 1                               304
('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter -                           (29)
1 (not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               74
(annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter                               18
(not annualized) ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - most recent quarter, 1                           427
year ago ('000 USD)
Free Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                               (88)
('000 USD)
LT debt/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                                22
USD)
LT debt/share - most recent quarter ('000 USD)                               11
Revenue/share - most recent fiscal year ('000                             1,320
USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (annualized)                          1,176
('000 USD)
Revenue/share - most recent quarter (not                                    293
annualized) ('000 USD)
Revenue/share - trailing 12 month ('000 USD)                              1,222
Historical Relative P/E                                                   -4.05
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - prior                            7.51
trailing 12 month
P/E Basic excluding extraordinary items - TTM                              2.19
P/E excluding extordinary items, 5 Year Average                            5.20
P/E excluding extraordinary items - prior                                  7.76
trailing 12 month
P/E excluding extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E excluding extraordinary items high, trailing                          27.87
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items low, trailing                            2.26
12 months
P/E excluding extraordinary items, High                                   17.38
P/E excluding extraordinary items, Low                                     2.27
P/E excluding extraordinary items, most recent                             1.39
fiscal year
P/E including extraordinary items - TTM                                    1.66
P/E Normalized, most recent fiscal year                                    1.39
Price to Book - most recent fiscal year                                    1.13
Price to Book - most recent quarter                                        1.19
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent fiscal                          1.32
year
Price to Cash Flow per share - most recent                                10.53
quarter
Price to Cash Flow per share - prior trailing 12                           6.82
month
Price to Cash Flow per share - trailing 12 month                           1.57
Price to Free Cash Flow per Share - most recent                            5.90
fiscal year
Price to sales - most recent fiscal year                                    .98
Price to sales - most recent quarter                                       1.08
Price to sales - prior trailing 12 month                                   1.65
Price to sales - trailing 12 month                                         1.04
Price to Tangible Book - most fiscal year                                  1.34
Price to Tangible Book - most recent quarter                               1.42
Price to Equity - most recent fisal year                                   1.84
Price to Equity - most recent interim period                               1.62
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              2.17
fiscal year
Price to Tangible Book (common) - most recent                              1.94
quarter
EBITD Margin - 5 year average                                             28.86
EBITD Margin - most recent fiscal year                                    26.16
EBITD Margin - trailing 12 month                                          17.68
Gross Margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                 59.89
Gross Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                 58.40
Gross Margin - 5 year average                                             58.64
Gross Margin - most recent quarter                                        50.02
Gross Margin - trailing 12 month                                          53.29
Net Profit Margin - 5 year average                                        22.92
Net Profit Margin % - 1st historical fiscal year                          71.70
Net Profit Margin % - 2nd historical fiscal year                          18.28
Net Profit Margin % - most recent quarter                                  8.60
Net Profit Margin % - prior trailing 12 month                             21.42
Net Profit Margin % - trailing 12 month                                   64.37
Operating margin - 1st historical fiscal year                             23.62
Operating Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                             19.64
Operating Margin - 5 year average                                         13.94
Operating margin - most recent quarter                                    13.12
Operating margin - trailing 12 month                                      15.50
Pretax margin - 1st historical fiscal year                                23.55
Pretax Margin - 2nd historical fiscal year                                18.72
Pretax Margin - 5 year average                                            13.53
Pretax margin - most recent quarter                                       13.02
Pretax margin - trailing 12 month                                         15.41
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent fiscal                            33.73
year
SG&A expenses / net sales - most recent quarter                           35.26
SG&A expenses / net sales - trailing 12 month                             35.62
Float                                                                     17.29
Market capitalization ('000 USD)                                         22,901
Shares oustanding - average prior trailing 12                             18.08
month
Shares outstanding - average trailing 12 month                            17.97
Shares outstanding - average, most recent fiscal                          17.74
year
Shares outstanding - average, most recent quarter                         18.04
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent fiscal year                          17.28
Shares outstanding - BS, most recent quarter                              17.35
Shares outstanding - current                                              17.35
Shares outstanding Basic - average prior trailing                         17.42
12 month
Shares outstanding Basic - average trailing 12                            17.28
month
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.20
fiscal year
Shares outstanding Basic - average, most recent                           17.35
quarter
Float as a Percent of Total Shares Outstanding                            99.67

* * * * * * * * * * SECURITIES INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
SECURITY TYPE: Ordinary Shares
EXCHANGE: Over The Counter
TOTAL SHARES OUTSTANDING: 17,349,583
LISTING TYPE:  Ordinary Shares

* * * * * * * * * * SERVICE FIRMS * * * * * * * * * *
AUDITOR: Weinberg & Company


COUNTRY AND REGIONAL FINANCIAL INFORMATION


('000 USD)
                                                  12/31/201 12/31/201 12/31/200
                                                  1         0         9
Ticketing Services             External Revenue   25,665    21,678    18,257
Ticketing Services             Total Revenue      25,665    21,678    18,257
Ticketing Services             Cost of Revenue    10,326    8,921     6,964
Ticketing Services             Depreciation       1,117     650       515
Ticketing Services             Operating          9,480     6,285     7,230
                               Income/Loss
Ticketing Services             Operating Margin   36,937    28,993    39,601
                               (%)
Ticketing Services             Total Assets       6,464     6,466     4,155
Ticketing Services             Operating Return   146,658   97,201    174,007
                               on Assets (%)

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2017

                              936 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 9, 2013 Monday

Utah: Carle: Free, Discounted Care Up $10 Million

LENGTH: 75  words

DATELINE: Salt Lake City


Illinois Hospital Association, The State of Utah has issued the following news
release:

Carle: Free, Discounted Care Up $10 Million
The Carle Foundation says it gave away $35.1 million in free or discounted care
last year, $10 million more than the previous year. The increase reflects an
economy in which people continue to struggle, the foundation's CEO Dr. James
Leonard said Thursday.

For further information please visit: http://www.ihatoday.org/

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              937 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             March 26, 2013 Tuesday

BRIEF: Advance tickets cheaper for high school's musical

BYLINE: The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 101 words


March 26--Discounted tickets are on sale for the high school drama club's
production of State Fair, the classic Rogers and Hammerstein musical.

Buyers will save $2 by purchasing in advance. The discounted prices are $12 for
adults and $10 for students and senior citizens. For further information, email
rhsdrama@gmail.com or call 419-666-5262.

State Fair runs April 18-21 at the high school, 701 Superior St. in Rossford.
Julie Zatko and Ryan Mahaffey are directing the production.

___ (c)2013 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20130326-TO-BRF-Advance-tickets-cheaper-for-high-school-s-musical-20130326

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2013 The Blade

                              938 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             July 7, 2007 Saturday

Brocade trial: Judge queries element of intent

BYLINE: By Therese Poletti Mercury News

SECTION: BUSINESS; Technology

LENGTH: 796 words


Prosecutors have finished their side in the first trial stemming from the
stock-option backdating scandal, and for some legal experts the verdict is
already in: They may have picked the wrong case.

The outcome of the widely watched trial could have tremendous implications for
Silicon Valley. If former Brocade Communications Systems chief executive Greg
Reyes is convicted, other executives and companies caught up in the scandal
could face similar legal peril.

But if Reyes, 44, is acquitted, federal prosecutors may need to rethink their
investigation and legal strategy.

The former hard-charging CEO and co-owner of the San Jose Sharks is charged with
misleading investors and regulators in a conspiracy to defraud them, and accused
of failing to disclose the true impact of granting discounted options on
Brocade's financial statements from 2000 to 2004.

On Friday in federal court in San Francisco, Judge Charles Breyer questioned one
of the government's key contentions, the issue of criminal intent. During a
hearing on a defense motion to dismiss the case, Breyer asked both sides to
focus their arguments on Reyes' mental state at the time of the alleged crimes.

"What did Mr. Reyes know of the alleged scheme, what was his understanding of
the accounting requirements?" Breyer asked.

Over the past few weeks, many attorneys and professors watching the case have
said the trial will hinge on whether the prosecution could prove that Reyes
willfully intended to defraud investors. One stumbling block for prosecutors has
been that Reyes did not grant himself any discounted stock options.

The defense has argued that Reyes was a new chief executive more focused on
getting Brocade's networking storage products out the door and in the hands of
customers. He relied on a team of legal and financial advisers to ensure that
the company's financials were accurate.

Reyes has not denied that the company backdated options grants, but his
attorneys have argued that it did so to attract the best employees to the
company.

"It's just about proving his intent," said Peter Henning, a professor at Wayne
State University in Detroit. "Without him making the money, it's hard, not
impossible but hard."

Assistant U.S. Attorney Tim Crudo argued that he did not believe the government
had to prove Reyes' specific knowledge of accounting.

"Rather, the government is only required to show that he knew what he was doing
was wrong," Crudo said.

Richard Marmaro, Reyes' attorney, argued that there had been no evidence
presented that Reyes knew Brocade's accounting for backdated stock options was
incorrect.

The prosecution's main attempt to show Reyes knew his actions were wrong turned
into a setback. Former Brocade employee June Weaver testified that Reyes told
her, "it's not illegal if you don't get caught."

But under cross-examination, Weaver could not specifically identify what the
"it" was. She did testify it had to be about stock-option grants because that
was the only topic she ever discussed with him.

But even Breyer seemed to discredit Weaver's testimony.

"If you look at the statement, `it's illegal if you don't get caught,' it was
pretty untethered," Breyer said. "And only slightly tethered to the witness's
recollection that she only talked to him about stock options."

The prosecution saved its two best witnesses, including Craig Martin, the
attorney who conducted the company's internal probe, for the last day of their
case, but some observers were left wondering, "Is that all?" after they
testified.

And prosecutors never called several witnesses on their list, including
Brocade's former chief financial officer Mike Byrd.

"It's not a slam-dunk case for the government by any means," said Matt Levine, a
former prosecutor in New York and now a defense attorney with Fish & Richardson.
"Clearly the defense has some arguments here."

Breyer asked the prosecution to address all the issues he raised in writing,
along with all the evidence, by 8 a.m. Monday. The defense will begin to present
its case, starting with testimony from Paul Bonderson, one of Brocade's
co-founders. The defense case could last from one to two weeks.

If the judge dismisses the case, the move could hamper further prosecution of
other option-backdating cases.

Attorneys, however, said it is extremely rare for a judge to decide not to send
a case to a jury, but it is possible.

"It's a fairly novel area of prosecution," said Jack Fernandez, a white-collar
criminal defense attorney with Zuckerman Spaeder in Tampa, Fla. "A judge may
decide that this really isn't a fraud. . . . Just because the evidence is
circumstantial, doesn't mean it's bad evidence. But you have to prove beyond a
reasonable doubt that the guy intended to lie."

Contact Therese Poletti at tpoletti@mercurynews.com or (415) 477-2510.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              939 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           February 12, 2005 Saturday

Microchip ID kits for horses will be sold at upcoming fair

BYLINE: PANTAGRAPH STAFF

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. A9

LENGTH: 225 words


BLOOMINGTON -- Horse owners will be able to get microchip identification kits
for their animals at a discounted price at the upcoming Illinois Horse Fair.

The March 4-6 event at the Illinois State Fairgrounds in Springfield will
include an opportunity to buy kits for $24.

They usually cost about $35. The Illinois Horsemen's Council along with
microchip maker AVID Equine are sponsoring the discounted kits. Volume pricing
will be available to owners of large equine facilities.

The chips not only deter horse theft but also provide lifetime identification.
The kits will include an equine microchip about the size of a rice grain in a
sterile syringe packaged in a heavy duty cylinder.

The kits also contain lifetime enrollment in HORSEtracTM, a 24-hour national
recovery network for microchipped horses. A decal with the hotline telephone
number and a warning that horses are permanently identified are also in the kit.
The decals can be applied on trailers, doors, gates and windows.

When a microchipped horse is stolen or missing, the owner calls the recovery
network after reporting the incident to law enforcement officials. The microchip
number gets listed on a hot list along with a digital picture of the animal.

The horse fair will include training/riding clinics, demonstrations, horse
sales, education seminars and commercial exhibitors.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2005 The Pantagraph

                              940 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Tennessee: TDCI: Be a Savvy Consumer this Valentine's Day

LENGTH: 513  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Of Government has issued the following news release:




 With many consumers rushing to find last-minute Valentine's Day gifts for the
February 14th holiday, the Tennessee Department of Commerce & Insurance's (TDCI)
Division of Consumer Affairs offers a few tips to help shoppers make smart
purchases and avoid common fraud tactics such as the iTunes gift card scam.





 "The Division of Consumer Affairs strives to empower and protect consumers
doing business in Tennessee," said TDCI Consumer Protection Director Cynthia
Wiel. "By staying informed of the latest scams and knowing the specific terms of
your purchase, you can help ensure your hard-earned money is used as intended
this Valentine's Day."



 The Division warns Tennesseans of the increasingly common gift card scam in
which heartless con artists pose as an online love interest or family member in
a bind. The consumer is persuaded to purchase an iTunes gift card and provide
the scammer with the redeemable code on the back of the card. This scam is a
choice method for criminals because it provides an easy and untraceable way for
them to get your money.



 To avoid falling victim to this scam, consumers should remember that iTunes
gift cards are solely for the purchase of goods and services on the iTunes Store
and App Store. Consumers who receive a request for payment using iTunes gift
cards outside of iTunes and the App Store should report it to the Federal Trade
Commission at ftc.gov/complaint.



 The Division of Consumer Affairs also offers a few helpful tips for consumers
who are considering purchasing gift certificates or discounted services for
Valentine's Day.



 When you are sold a gift certificate in the State of Tennessee, remember:



     In general, the expiration date must be at least two years after the date
it was issued to you.

     You should not be charged a fee for the gift certificate to be issued to
you.

     Within two years of purchasing the gift certificate, you should not be
charged service fees (including dormancy fees, latency fees, or administrative
fees) that reduce the total value of the gift certificate.


     A gift certificate does not include prepaid cards.

     As always with shopping, be aware of return policies which are typically
displayed in the store, on the receipts or on the businesses website.




     Be sure to ask about the locations where the gift certificate(s) can be
redeemed.

     Inquire about the terms and conditions associated with purchasing and
redeeming the gift certificate(s).



 Websites like Groupon or Living Social are commonly used to purchase discounted
services as gifts. Those services might include a free or discounted
hair-styling, manicure, or pedicure. Before purchasing a discounted service,
call the company or individual offering the discount to ensure the offer is
legitimate.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              941 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

Tennessee: TDCI: Be a Savvy Consumer this Valentine's Day

LENGTH: 513  words

DATELINE: New York



 Nashville: Tennessee State Of Government has issued the following news release:




 With many consumers rushing to find last-minute Valentine's Day gifts for the
February 14th holiday, the Tennessee Department of Commerce & Insurance's (TDCI)
Division of Consumer Affairs offers a few tips to help shoppers make smart
purchases and avoid common fraud tactics such as the iTunes gift card scam.





 "The Division of Consumer Affairs strives to empower and protect consumers
doing business in Tennessee," said TDCI Consumer Protection Director Cynthia
Wiel. "By staying informed of the latest scams and knowing the specific terms of
your purchase, you can help ensure your hard-earned money is used as intended
this Valentine's Day."



 The Division warns Tennesseans of the increasingly common gift card scam in
which heartless con artists pose as an online love interest or family member in
a bind. The consumer is persuaded to purchase an iTunes gift card and provide
the scammer with the redeemable code on the back of the card. This scam is a
choice method for criminals because it provides an easy and untraceable way for
them to get your money.



 To avoid falling victim to this scam, consumers should remember that iTunes
gift cards are solely for the purchase of goods and services on the iTunes Store
and App Store. Consumers who receive a request for payment using iTunes gift
cards outside of iTunes and the App Store should report it to the Federal Trade
Commission at ftc.gov/complaint.



 The Division of Consumer Affairs also offers a few helpful tips for consumers
who are considering purchasing gift certificates or discounted services for
Valentine's Day.



 When you are sold a gift certificate in the State of Tennessee, remember:



     In general, the expiration date must be at least two years after the date
it was issued to you.

     You should not be charged a fee for the gift certificate to be issued to
you.

     Within two years of purchasing the gift certificate, you should not be
charged service fees (including dormancy fees, latency fees, or administrative
fees) that reduce the total value of the gift certificate.


     A gift certificate does not include prepaid cards.

     As always with shopping, be aware of return policies which are typically
displayed in the store, on the receipts or on the businesses website.




     Be sure to ask about the locations where the gift certificate(s) can be
redeemed.

     Inquire about the terms and conditions associated with purchasing and
redeeming the gift certificate(s).



 Websites like Groupon or Living Social are commonly used to purchase discounted
services as gifts. Those services might include a free or discounted
hair-styling, manicure, or pedicure. Before purchasing a discounted service,
call the company or individual offering the discount to ensure the offer is
legitimate.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              942 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   AME Info, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           August 15, 2012 Wednesday

AME Info, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates, aviation briefs

BYLINE: AME Info, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates

SECTION: BUSINESS AND FINANCIAL NEWS

LENGTH: 351 words


Aug. 15--DUBAI AIRPORTS REVEALS 16 percent INCREASE IN REVENUES : Dubai Airports
has posted a 16 percent year-on-year increase in its commercial revenues in the
first half of 2012, boosted by a surge in passenger traffic, Zawya Dow Jones has
reported. Dubai Airports, which runs both Dubai International and Dubai World
Central (DWC) has seen soaring international traffic over the last few years,
helped by the rapid growth of Emirates Airline, as the emirate consolidates its
position as a key global transport hub in the Middle East. "We are ahead of the
budget in terms of revenues, which are exceeding expectations," Paul Griffiths,
the chief executive at Dubai Airports, told reporters, declining to give further
details.

NEW SAUDI DOMESTIC CARRIER TO GET DISCOUNTED FUEL: Saudi Arabia's General
Authority for Civil Aviation (GACA) has said the successful bidder for the
kingdom's new domestic license will be able to buy fuel at the same discounted
price as national carrier Saudi Arabian Airlines, Saudi Gazette has reported.
The move "is an important as the higher fuel costs was a major factor in the
collapse of Saudi low-cost carrier Sama Airlines in August 2010," the report
said. The winning firms or consortium will be in October, while operations are
expected to start at the end of next year. Bahrain's Gulf Air and Qatar Airways
were short-listed among the final bidders for the licence.

QATAR AIRWAYS ANNOUNCES CHICAGO ROUTE: Qatar Airways has expanded its USA route
network with the introduction of daily passenger flights to Chicago from April
10, 2013. The non-stop service from Doha will be Qatar Airways' fourth USA
gateway, following daily operations to New York, Washington and Houston. The
carrier, which already operates twice-weekly cargo flights to Chicago O'Hare,
will use its flagship long-haul Boeing 777-300 Extended Range passenger aircraft
on the Doha-Chicago route with an approximate flying time of 15 hours.

___ (c)2012 AME Info (Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates) Visit AME Info (Abu
Dhabi, United Arab Emirates) at www.ameinfo.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120815-AM-AVIATION-BRIEFS-20120815

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: AM


            Copyright 2012 AME Info, Abu Dhabi, United Arab Emirates

                              943 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 12, 2014 Monday

City considering discounted rates for big business

BYLINE: Scott Seitz, Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 245 words


May 12--Norwalk city officials have proposed more legislation to attract and
retain business.

On Tuesday's work-session agenda, city council will review an ordinance which,
if ultimately adopted, would provide discounted water and sewer rates for large
companies that use more than 750,000 gallons of water/sewer per month.

"We're always looking for ways to increase the tools in our toolbox," Norwalk
Mayor Rob Duncan said about econ o m i c development incentives.

Duncan said this legislation is one of a number of things the city is
considering about economic development.

City council recently adopted the job creation grant agreement program which
three businesses have also taken advantage of.

The mayor said businesses that qualify would receive a significant reduction in
water and sewer rates.

Josh Snyder, public works director, also was involved in creating the
legislation.

"It's almost half off the rate," Snyder said about the proposed rate reduction.

Snyder said no companies currently would qualify for the discount.

In the past, factories such as Industrial Powder Coatings and Commercial Vehicle
Group/Mayflower used more than 1 million gallons per month and would have
qualified for the discount.

"This is the segment of manufacturing we'd like to target," Snyder said. "This
is just another incentive."

___ (c)2014 the Norwalk Reflector (Norwalk, Ohio) Visit the Norwalk Reflector
(Norwalk, Ohio) at www.norwalkreflector.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20140512-1NW-City-considering-discounted
-rates-for-big-business-0512-20140512

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1NW


                     Copyright 2014 Norwalk Reflector, Ohio

                              944 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            February 17, 1992 Monday

Ansett to match fares

BYLINE: STUART INNES

LENGTH: 469 words


BROOME: Ansett Airlines is prepared to match any discounted air fare that a
reborn Compass or any other new airline may offer, an Ansett executive said
yesterday.

Ansett's marketing manager, Mr Garry Kingshott, said there would need to be a
major change in his airline and its strategy for it not to continue to offer
discounts and to match competitors' prices.

Mr Kingshott's comments serve as a warning to the new Southern Cross-Compass
that it is not going to be given a free run in the discount market.

"Ansett has had discounted fares, some of them deeply discounted, even in the
regulated aviation environment," he said.

"Then we had more innovations under deregulation even before Compass started
flying (December, 1990).

"When Compass starting flying and had those low fares we matched them.

"There will always be discounted fares, regardless of whether a new Compass
flies again or any other airline enters the market because we will be wanting to
fill seats."

Meanwhile, Mr Kingshott denied Ansett engaged in predatory pricing last year and
said the airline would face any investigation of this by the Trade Practices
Commission with a clear conscience.

Allegations of predatory pricing were made by Mr Bryan Grey, former chief of
Compass, as a reason for his airline's collapse eight weeks ago.

"The record will show it was Compass that drove the prices down," Mr Kingshott
said. "All we ever did was simply match their fares.

"We had no desire to sell air fares at $69. We could have sold them at $99," he
said, explaining that competition to keep market share forced Ansett to drop
fares to match Compass.

Mr Kingshott was in Broome for the launching of Ansett's 1992 holiday program at
the weekend.

The general manager of Ansett Holidays, Mr Geoff Dixon, said package holidays of
flights and accommodation had been selling strongly since the Compass collapse.

But the main competition for Ansett holiday packages was still off-shore - with
Australians lured to Hawaii, Fiji, Singapore and Bali. This was despite big
increases in the number of people flying within Australia for leisure reasons.

The general manager of Ansett WA, Mr Ron Buckey, said it was planned that
Broome, on WA's north coast, would become Australia's next international
gateway, with Ansett flights from Broome to Bali and Broome to Singapore.

Negotiations between Australian and Indonesian authorities had started.

Qantas as the Australian flag carrier would have first option.

"But if Qantas does not want to take up any rights, we will," he said.

Mr Buckey said it could be that one of Ansett's British Aerospace BAe 146
aircraft would fly the proposed new routes with a Qantas flight number.

Asian and European travellers could be flown from Broome on to Ayers Rock.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              945 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            February 17, 1992 Monday

Ansett to match fares

BYLINE: STUART INNES

LENGTH: 469 words


BROOME: Ansett Airlines is prepared to match any discounted air fare that a
reborn Compass or any other new airline may offer, an Ansett executive said
yesterday.

Ansett's marketing manager, Mr Garry Kingshott, said there would need to be a
major change in his airline and its strategy for it not to continue to offer
discounts and to match competitors' prices.

Mr Kingshott's comments serve as a warning to the new Southern Cross-Compass
that it is not going to be given a free run in the discount market.

"Ansett has had discounted fares, some of them deeply discounted, even in the
regulated aviation environment," he said.

"Then we had more innovations under deregulation even before Compass started
flying (December, 1990).

"When Compass starting flying and had those low fares we matched them.

"There will always be discounted fares, regardless of whether a new Compass
flies again or any other airline enters the market because we will be wanting to
fill seats."

Meanwhile, Mr Kingshott denied Ansett engaged in predatory pricing last year and
said the airline would face any investigation of this by the Trade Practices
Commission with a clear conscience.

Allegations of predatory pricing were made by Mr Bryan Grey, former chief of
Compass, as a reason for his airline's collapse eight weeks ago.

"The record will show it was Compass that drove the prices down," Mr Kingshott
said. "All we ever did was simply match their fares.

"We had no desire to sell air fares at $69. We could have sold them at $99," he
said, explaining that competition to keep market share forced Ansett to drop
fares to match Compass.

Mr Kingshott was in Broome for the launching of Ansett's 1992 holiday program at
the weekend.

The general manager of Ansett Holidays, Mr Geoff Dixon, said package holidays of
flights and accommodation had been selling strongly since the Compass collapse.

But the main competition for Ansett holiday packages was still off-shore - with
Australians lured to Hawaii, Fiji, Singapore and Bali. This was despite big
increases in the number of people flying within Australia for leisure reasons.

The general manager of Ansett WA, Mr Ron Buckey, said it was planned that
Broome, on WA's north coast, would become Australia's next international
gateway, with Ansett flights from Broome to Bali and Broome to Singapore.

Negotiations between Australian and Indonesian authorities had started.

Qantas as the Australian flag carrier would have first option.

"But if Qantas does not want to take up any rights, we will," he said.

Mr Buckey said it could be that one of Ansett's British Aerospace BAe 146
aircraft would fly the proposed new routes with a Qantas flight number.

Asian and European travellers could be flown from Broome on to Ayers Rock.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              946 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 The Advertiser

                            February 17, 1992 Monday

Ansett to match fares

BYLINE: STUART INNES

LENGTH: 469 words


BROOME: Ansett Airlines is prepared to match any discounted air fare that a
reborn Compass or any other new airline may offer, an Ansett executive said
yesterday.

Ansett's marketing manager, Mr Garry Kingshott, said there would need to be a
major change in his airline and its strategy for it not to continue to offer
discounts and to match competitors' prices.

Mr Kingshott's comments serve as a warning to the new Southern Cross-Compass
that it is not going to be given a free run in the discount market.

"Ansett has had discounted fares, some of them deeply discounted, even in the
regulated aviation environment," he said.

"Then we had more innovations under deregulation even before Compass started
flying (December, 1990).

"When Compass starting flying and had those low fares we matched them.

"There will always be discounted fares, regardless of whether a new Compass
flies again or any other airline enters the market because we will be wanting to
fill seats."

Meanwhile, Mr Kingshott denied Ansett engaged in predatory pricing last year and
said the airline would face any investigation of this by the Trade Practices
Commission with a clear conscience.

Allegations of predatory pricing were made by Mr Bryan Grey, former chief of
Compass, as a reason for his airline's collapse eight weeks ago.

"The record will show it was Compass that drove the prices down," Mr Kingshott
said. "All we ever did was simply match their fares.

"We had no desire to sell air fares at $69. We could have sold them at $99," he
said, explaining that competition to keep market share forced Ansett to drop
fares to match Compass.

Mr Kingshott was in Broome for the launching of Ansett's 1992 holiday program at
the weekend.

The general manager of Ansett Holidays, Mr Geoff Dixon, said package holidays of
flights and accommodation had been selling strongly since the Compass collapse.

But the main competition for Ansett holiday packages was still off-shore - with
Australians lured to Hawaii, Fiji, Singapore and Bali. This was despite big
increases in the number of people flying within Australia for leisure reasons.

The general manager of Ansett WA, Mr Ron Buckey, said it was planned that
Broome, on WA's north coast, would become Australia's next international
gateway, with Ansett flights from Broome to Bali and Broome to Singapore.

Negotiations between Australian and Indonesian authorities had started.

Qantas as the Australian flag carrier would have first option.

"But if Qantas does not want to take up any rights, we will," he said.

Mr Buckey said it could be that one of Ansett's British Aerospace BAe 146
aircraft would fly the proposed new routes with a Qantas flight number.

Asian and European travellers could be flown from Broome on to Ayers Rock.

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

JOURNAL-CODE: ADV

                   Copyright 1992 Nationwide News Pty Limited

                              947 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                    Lab Dad

                              1500 W. 16Th Street
                             Long Beach,  CA 90813
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (562) 437-5433
FAX: (562) 901-3932
URL: www.labdad.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Labdad.com offers a full line of discounted laboratory equipment. Shop
on-line or call us to find the discounted laboratory equipment you need. Sales
department is standing by.  Meanwhile, order your FREE catalog today through our
online store!  Our full color catalog details the full line of our discounted
laboratory equipment and accessories distributed by Lab Dad including: water
baths, dynamic water baths, ovens, vacuum ovens, incubators, CO2 incubators,
centrifuges, vacuum pumps, ultra-low temperature freezers, Class II Type A/B3
biosafety cabinets, and autoclaves.  Product information includes application
references, product specifications, product features, and ordering information.
Several tables provide easy cross reference information for choosing equipment
and accessories. The catalog is fully illustrated with color photography,
illustrations, and diagrams.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              948 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                           January 8, 2014 Wednesday

Letter: Memorial tourney a fitting tribute

BYLINE: Chico Enterprise-Record

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 254 words


Chico and Durham high schools combined efforts over the weekend to put on a
wrestling tournament to honor our beloved friend, Joe Rios. The Joe Rios
Memorial drew 39 teams from Nevada, Oregon, Northern California and the
Sacramento for a weekend of great wrestling and remembrance of Joe.

The event took 11 months of planning and was successful due to the contributions
of countless individuals: The Chico Costco, a truly wonderful company who
humbled us by their constant willingness to donate and help any way they could;
Erin and Rick Kusie of Burger Hut for donating their services; Kevin and Heidi
Hutchings of Go Big Entertainment for donating two days of top-quality
announcing and providing an exceptional sound system to us; Wayne Cook of the
Hotel Diamond for donating his time and meeting space; the Chico and Durham
wrestling families for their time and work; the coaching staffs of Durham and
Chico wrestling and their families for sacrificing so much of their time; the
Holiday Inn for offering discounted rates and housing referees; the Super 8 for
offering discounted rooms; Pat Welch, the truest of friends; Brett Southwick,
tournament coordinator; and last but certainly not least, the Rios family for
allowing us to honor Joe as best we could   Joe's children Gabriela, Desi,
Cordero, Olivia, and his wife Rebecca inspire us all daily.

On behalf of Keith Rollins, Tony Cardoza and Trent Kenney, we humbly thank
everyone listed above and the Chico community as a whole for their support.

Jordan Mathews, Chico

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved

                              949 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            January 7, 2012 Saturday

BlackBerry discount spurs fraud lawsuit from Pine man

BYLINE: Brian Bowling

LENGTH: 484 words


A Pine man claims in a class-action lawsuit that a Canadian company defrauded
him and other people who ordered discounted BlackBerry PlayBooks.

Frank Saltpietro claims that Research In Motion Ltd. of Waterloo, Ontario, and
Globalware Solutions Inc. of Haverhill, Mass., accepted his $189 order for a
16-gigabyte PlayBook tablet computer on Nov. 26 and sent him an e-mail
confirming the order on Nov. 29, but then canceled it on Nov. 30, claiming his
order had been flagged as a "high-risk transaction."

The lawsuit was moved to federal court in Pittsburgh this week. Attorneys for
the companies and a company spokesman could not be reached for comment.

Saltpietro said he contacted his credit card company, which confirmed that the
order had gone through normally and then was canceled. Research In Motion
ignored his subsequent calls and an e-mail asking for an explanation, the
lawsuit stated.

Saltpietro filed his lawsuit in December in Allegheny County Common Pleas after
learning the company used various excuses to cancel other orders of the
discounted PlayBooks and was now saying that customers could order the tablets
only at their regular prices.

Regular prices ranged from $499 for a 16-gigabyte version to $699 for a
64-gigabyte unit, according to the lawsuit. RIM reduced the 16-gigabyte unit to
$199, and Saltpietro ordered it for $189 with a $10 online promotional code,
according to the lawsuit.

RIM introduced the PlayBook in March, when co-CEO Jim Balsillie said, "The
launch of the PlayBook may well be the most significant development for RIM
since the launch of the first BlackBerry device back in 1999."

When the tablet went on sale in April, reviewers puzzled over the lack of e-mail
software, saying the device seemed half-baked. RIM promises updated software in
February.

Then last month, RIM announced it was writing off much of its inventory of
PlayBook tablets, since it has to sell them at a deep discount. The company on
Dec. 2 said it was taking a pre-tax charge of $485 million in the just-ended
quarter to account for the declining value of the tablets.

Ron Backer, an attorney representing Saltpietro, said the companies violated
fair trade laws by using the lower prices to lure people into making orders and
then canceling the sales while offering the same product at a higher price.

"They didn't say they didn't have it in stock," he said. "They came up with
other excuses."

It's similar to a store offering a $300 television for $100 and then telling
customers who show up that it sold the five TVs it had marked at that price,
Backer said.

"It's a come-on to try to lure people to the store with something you really
don't have," he said. "I think the same thing applies to the Internet."

In this case, "it's also a clear breach of contract," Backer said. "They took
the order, confirmed the order and then came up with an excuse to not go through
with the order."

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2012 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              950 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 21, 2013 Wednesday

Rhode Island: Coming Up on the Tax Power Hour

LENGTH: 436  words

DATELINE: Providence


American Institute of CPAs, The State of Rhode Island has issued the following
press release:

July 18:  Paperless Office Workflows (1 hour discounted CPE):  Coming up next
month, we will examine the paperless office.  Should you scan first or scan
last?  That is the age-old question when it comes to paperless office workflows.
This month, we have a tax practitioner that operates a "paperless" practice who
will take us step by step through their paperless workflows.  We will walk
through the entire cycle from document receipt to the conversion of paper
documents into electronic records to the creation of electronic workpapers.  We
will also hear how to manage a paperless return preparation and review cycle,
along with electronic delivery of tax returns.  Whether you are a paperless firm
and want to compare your process to other firms, or you still prepare on paper
then scan at the end and you are looking for tips to become a "less paper" firm,
this installment of the Tax Power Hour will help you.  Also available free
(without CPE) for Tax Section members!

August 15:  Staff Training Tips & Guidelines (1 hour discounted CPE):  People
are the biggest asset in CPA firms.  What is your process for training staff -
from orientation to annual busy season training to long-term advancement and
staff development?  We will walk through the issues and offer some strategies to
help you develop a defined staff training and development program.  Not only
will we discuss firm roles and expectations, but also accountabilities and
motivational programs you may want to consider putting in place so your staff
are not just maintaining skills, but thriving and growing along with your firm.
Also available free (without CPE) for Tax Section members!

Save the Dates!  Registration links will be available soon!
· September 19:  Answering Questions on Tax Returns - Risks & Requirements
· October 17:  Solo Practitioner Procedures
· November 14:  Gearing Up for Tax Season
· December 19:  Tax Return Engagement Letters
The Tax Power Hour is our the monthly Tax Section webcast that focuses on
strategies to help tax practitioners save time, reduce stress and run an
efficient practice through practical discussions on topics such as Practice
Management, Business Development, Leveraging Technology and more.  Speakers are
tax practitioners and other experts sharing their advice and best practices to
help make you more profitable.

If you missed a previous Tax Power Hour, you can listen again anytime.  Archives
are available for one year after each event.

For further information please visit: http://www.aicpa.org/

LOAD-DATE: August 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              951 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Reporter (Vacaville, California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             July 5, 2012 Thursday

Solano County Fair celebrates 'Home'

BYLINE: The Reporter, Vacaville, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 373 words


July 05--The Solano County Fair, running Aug. 1-5, is celebrating "Home Sweet
Home" this year.

Discounted pre-sale tickets are available online at www.scfair.com and at the
fairgrounds' office through July 31. By purchasing tickets in advance, fairgoers
save $5 per unlimited-ride wristband, $2 per adult ticket and $1 per child and
senior tickets off the regular on-site prices during the fair.

In addition to already discounted pre-sale prices, the fair is once again
offering an opportunity for Solano County nonprofit organizations to earn money
and at the same time offer substantial savings for everyone with special promo
codes.

Any tax-exempt nonprofit in the county can e-mail the fair at
contactus@scfair.org to request a unique promo code that they can share with
their members and supporters to use to purchase the specially priced pre-sale
tickets until the deadline of midnight on July 31.

"We are really excited about the Solano County Fair's fundraising program," said
Mike Paluszak, fair general manager. "It's a great way for us to give something
back to the community and for non-profits to earn money in an easy to manage
program. All they need to do is encourage people to use their promotional code
when purchasing pre-sale tickets and the fair will take care of the rest."

All Solano County Fair tickets include free headline concert entertainment each
night. The fair's 2012

headline concert performances include The Whispers on Aug. 1, Heidi Newfield on
Aug. 2, Tower of Power on Aug. 3 and Con Funk Shun on Aug. 4. All concerts begin
at 8 p.m., with the exception of K-Paz de la Sierra on Aug. 5, which begins at 7
p.m.

Fair admission prices are $6 in advance and $8 on-site for adults; $3 in advance
and $4 on-site for children ages 6 to 12 and seniors 60 and over. Children 5 and
under are free. Military personnel and dependents with an active duty card are
also free.

Select activities, carnival rides and games have a separate cost. Carnival
wristbands, good all day any one day, are $20 in advance and $25 on-site.

More information is available online at www.scfair.com.

___ (c)2012 The Reporter (Vacaville, Calif.) Visit The Reporter (Vacaville,
Calif.) at www.thereporter.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: July 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120705-VA-Solano-County-Fair-celebrates-Home-0705-20120705

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: VA


                          Copyright 2012 The Reporter

                              952 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            October 11, 2011 Tuesday

IN BRIEF

BYLINE: The New Mexican

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B-4

LENGTH: 266 words


Business group works with Employers for workers' compensation coverage

The National Federation of Independent Business has announced it has extended
discounted workers' compensation coverage benefits to its members in eight
states, including New Mexico, through Employers, America's small-business
insurance specialists.

Employers offers NFIB members discounted workers' compensation coverage in 27
states. NFIB named Employers its provider of choice in these states due to the
carrier's focus and expertise as a specialty writer of workers' compensation
insurance for small businesses.

For more information about the NFIB Workers' Compensation

Program, NFIB members should call 866-563-2759 or visit www.nfib

-employers.com. Small businesses can also learn how to become an NFIB member by
visiting www.nfib.com or calling 800-634-2669.

* * *

New bookstore opens on Baca Street

Noemi de Bodisco has opened a new bookstore in Santa Fe, Op.cit.books. The store
offers new, used and rare books. The store has been online for the last 15
years.

Op.cit is at 930-C Baca St., next to Counter Culture Cafe.

For more information, call 505-428-0321 or visit www.opcit.com

* * *

Roundtable for small-business leaders

SCORE Santa Fe will hold its first Small-Business Executives Roundtable at 5:30
p.m. Wednesday at the offices of the High Desert Diversity District in Sanbusco
Center.

Discussion topic for the evening is how to grow your business in today's
economy. Small businesses of age three years or longer are invited to
pre-register one executive to attend by emailing to Richard T. Meyer at
richtmeyer@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: November 17, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: See pdf's for exact rendition, caption, graphics and photographer info.


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2011 The Santa Fe New Mexican
                              All Rights Reserved

                              953 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 9, 2007 Friday

Unappetizing tax choices on backdated options

BYLINE: Mark Schwanhausser, Mercury News

LENGTH: 273 words


The Internal Revenue Service made an offer that could ease the tax-filing
headaches this April for workers who exercised backdated stock options -- but it
wouldn't affect options that employees still hold in their portfolio.

Under so-called Section 409A rules -- a reference to a part of the tax code --
workers face a 20 percent tax and interest on options that were discounted to
give them a head start to profits.

There are ways to ``cure'' discounted options so they will sidestep the Section
409 taxes due in April 2008 and beyond, but they're not likely to be popular
with employees. Essentially, workers can agree to reprice their options to erase
the discount, or they can commit to a schedule for exercising the options, a
decision that would remove the underlying flexibility to cash in at opportune
times.

In December, at least 10 Silicon Valley companies raced to beat a year-end
deadline to reprice tainted options for top executives and directors. The
deadline for rank-and-file workers is Dec. 31, and the clock is ticking as
companies weigh whether to do something similar for them.

How companies handle the issue could be touchy, both in terms of employee morale
and investor unrest. Workers who elect to reprice the options will be faced with
losing potential compensation they had come to count on. Companies could respond
by issuing bonuses to make up for the lost discount -- a tactic some have used
for top executives who faced a Dec. 31, 2006, deadline to reprice tainted
options. On the other hand, that tactic has upset some investors who think
executives shouldn't be compensated for a discount that was issued in error.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              954 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 9, 2007 Friday

Unappetizing choices available for workers and their taxes;
BACKDATED OPTIONS COME WITH A PRICE

SECTION: BU; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 277 words


The Internal Revenue Service made an offer that could ease the tax-filing
headaches this April for workers who exercised backdated stock options -- but it
wouldn't affect options that employees still hold in their portfolio.

Under so-called Section 409A rules -- a reference to a part of the tax code --
workers face a 20 percent tax and interest on options that were discounted to
give them a head start to profits.

There are ways to ``cure'' discounted options so they will sidestep the Section
409 taxes due in April 2008 and beyond, but they're not likely to be popular
with employees. Essentially, workers can agree to reprice their options to erase
the discount, or they can commit to a schedule for exercising the options, a
decision that would remove the underlying flexibility to cash in at opportune
times.

In December, at least 10 Silicon Valley companies raced to beat a year-end
deadline to reprice tainted options for top executives and directors. The
deadline for rank-and-file workers is Dec. 31, and the clock is ticking as
companies weigh whether to do something similar for them.

How companies handle the issue could be touchy, both in terms of employee morale
and investor unrest. Workers who elect to reprice the options will be faced with
losing potential compensation they had come to count on. Companies could respond
by issuing bonuses to make up for the lost discount -- a tactic some have used
for top executives who faced a Dec. 31, 2006, deadline to reprice tainted
options. On the other hand, that tactic has upset some investors who think
executives shouldn't be compensated for a discount that was issued in error.

-- Mark Schwanhausser

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              955 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 5, 2012 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

This week's best travel bargains around the globe

BYLINE: Carol Sottili;Andrea Sachs

SECTION: TRAVEL; Pg. F02

LENGTH: 564 words

What's the Deal?

This week's best travel bargains around the globe.

Land

   l   Pay half-price on last-minute African safaris departing in August. Norman
Carr Safaris has discounted its six-night safari in the South Luangwa Valley of
Zambia to $1,515 per person double. Price includes lodging, meals, game viewing,
beverages, laundry and transfers. Park fees of $300, international airfare to
Lusaka, Zambia, and domestic flights between Lusaka and Mfuwe ($516 round trip)
are extra. The company will select the specific itinerary but will attempt to
include at least two camps, most likely a combination of Kapani Lodge plus Luwi
Bush Camp and/or Nsolo Bush Camp. Extra nights are available at a discounted
rate. Info: www.normancarrsafaris.com ore-mail kapani@

normancarrsafaris.com.

l   The Appalachian Mountain Club is offering 30 percent off three-night stays
at properties in New Hampshire and Maine. Deal applies to the Joe Dodge Lodge at
Pinkham Notch, N.H; the club's full-service huts in New Hampshire's White
Mountains; and the Maine Wilderness Lodges, such as Little Lyford in Greenville.
For example, at Joe Dodge Lodge, non-AMC members pay $57.26 a night for a bun
kroom, dinner and breakfast, down from $83.42. For members ($50 annual fee),
sale price is $47.34. Stay Sunday through Thursday, Sept. 5 through 22, and Oct.
8 through 25. Book by Sept. 4 with promo code FALL12. Info: 603-466-2727,
www.outdoors.org.

Sea

   l   Book a select Costa cruise and receive shipboard credits of up to $300
per cabin. Deal applies to 45 European departures August through October. Book
an inside cabin and receive $50 per person; an oceanview stateroom, $100 per
person; and a balcony cabin, $150. Credit is valid on any extras not included in
the cruise price, such as shore excursions, cocktails and spa services. Rates
vary by itinerary and cabin category. For example, an inside cabin on Costa
Serena's seven-night cruise departing Civitavecchia near Rome on Nov. 12 starts
at $449 per person double, plus $38 port charges. Book by Aug. 31. Info:
800-462-6782, www.costacruise.com.

Air

   l   Virgin America has sale fares on nonstop flights between Washington
Dulles and San Francisco or Los Angeles. Round-trip fare to either destination
is $358, including taxes. Fare on other airlines starts at $418 to Los Angeles
and $506 to San Francisco. Travel Aug. 21 through Nov. 14. Lowest fares apply to
Tuesday, Wednesday and Saturday flights. Book by Aug. 6 at www.virginamerica.com
or pay $20 more by calling 877-359-8474.

Package

   l   Friendly Planet is offering savings of $350 per person on its Best of
India & Nepal tour. Eight tour dates, departing October through April, have been
discounted by $300, plus request code 080312 and receive an additional $50 off.
Discounted price is $3,049 per person double and includes round-trip air from
New York to Delhi; 13 nights' lodging in six locations, including Delhi and
Kathmandu; ground transportation; daily breakfast and two dinners; daily
sightseeing tours with entrance fees; transfers; and most taxes. (Delhi airport
taxes of $58 per person are extra.) Book by Aug. 8. Info: 800-555-5765,
www.friendlyplanet.com.

Carol Sottili, Andrea Sachs

Submit travel deals to whatsthedeal@washpost.com Prices were verified at press
time Thursday, but deals sell out and availability can't be guaranteed. Some
restrictions may apply.

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2012 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved

                              956 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  The Forward

                                December 9, 2016

The Class System For the Dead;
Jewish cemeteries nationwide deny upright gravestones to deceased poor.

SECTION: News; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1604 words


'If the grave is  being sponsored  by charitable  organizations,  then the
modest  markers should  be enough,' said  one funeral  director.

We often hear stories  about how hard life was for Jews in  Russia back in the
day. Still, after  they passed away, even poor Jews  in the Russian Empire got
to have  gravestones.

If you travel around Ukraine and  Poland these days, you'll stumble  upon Jewish
cemeteries in almost  every village where Jews used to  live. They're often
located in the  most picturesque part of the shtetl,  frequently on a hill
overlooking a  river. The inscriptions on the ancient  stones tell stories in
Yiddish, Hebrew,  Russian and German of lives long  past, and they're often
adorned with  pictures of animals and symbols.

In America today, though, we can't  afford gravestones anymore  not  for
everyone. And, in fact, there are  Jewish organizations that are preventing
people from putting gravestones  on their loved ones' graves.

It is a matter of fairness, said Stan  Kaplan, the executive director of the
Jewish Cemetery Association of Massachusetts,   the largest Jewish cemetery
association in North America.

The Association provides discounted   funerals for any deceased person  who died
on Medicaid, a program

for those with few assets. But citing  its own costs for these funerals, the
Association recently changed its regulations   to prohibit such individuals
from getting a traditional upright  gravestone on their graves. The prohibition
holds firm even if the deceased  person's family wants to buy the  gravestone
out of pocket. Instead,  the cemetery provides them with just  a flat marker  a
small flat stone,  which has room for some words,  though not as much as a
gravestone  would. In the winter, a flat marker  isn't visible under the snow.

A flat marker costs about $500, while  the price of an upright stone starts at
around $2,000.

Our feeling is if they can afford an  upright monument, then they can  afford to
pay for the services that

were donated to them, Kaplan said.

According to Yosef Hildershaim, the president  of Jewish Monuments, a monument
manufacturing   company that ships gravestones across the  country from its
production sites in New York and  New Jersey, Definitely, Definitely, one
hundred  percent, every cemetery has unmarked graves.

Every now and then, said Hildershaim, he puts  up stones on graves that had been
unmarked for  years. Recently, he put up a stone on the grave of  a mother who
died 50 years ago after her son grew  up and found his mother's grave.

Escalating Costs

The problem comes down to the  fact that the cost of an average Jewish funeral
in the state has now reached about $10,000. In  Massachusetts, the state
provides $1,100 toward  the funeral expenses of low-income residents   which is,
clearly, only a fraction of the total. The  cemetery buries the dead by
discounting the cost,  Kaplan said.

In addition to not being permitted to have a  gravestone, those who get
discounted funerals are  also not permitted an obituary in the newspaper  and
must be buried in the cheapest caskets.

Similar practices exist in other parts of the country   as well.

For example, in San Francisco, Jews whose families   or friends do not have the
funds to pay for a  funeral end up in a separate cemetery, the Eternal   Home
Cemetery. Their graves are marked with  flat markers, said Sharon Brusman, the
executive  assistant at the Chevra Kadisha. If relatives want to  erect an
upright stone, they have to pay back the  cost of the whole funeral, Brusman
said  a policy  that has been in place for a couple of years.

In Miami, upright stones are also not permitted  for those who had discounted
funerals.

The cemetery knows not to accept delivery of  any upright stone, said Ari
Oberstein, the funeral  director at Florida Jewish Funerals, which provides
discounted burials to Jews. If the grave is being  sponsored by charitable
organizations, then the  modest marker should be [enough].

Unmarked Graves

In some parts of the country, the  graves of poor Jews have no stones at all.

In Houston, the government provides no assistance   toward the funerals of
low-income people. If  the deceased Jew left no money, the case is referred  to
Jewish Family Services. JFS organizes a Jewish  burial (the cemeteries rotate to
provide plots), but  does not provide a gravestone, said Linda Burger,  the CEO
of Jewish Family Services in Houston.

The cemetery keeps a record, but we are not  given resources to put a stone, she
said. Sometimes,   if someone grows up and they know where  their parents are
buried, they might be able at  some point to put a marker.

However, she said that the majority of people JFS  assists don't have any
family.

But even those who have relatives don't always  get a gravestone.

Linda Bell-Spencer, the project manager of Gaitz  Memorials, a company that
makes gravestones for  Jewish cemeteries in Houston, recalled getting a  call a
few years ago from a woman who wanted  to buy a gravestone for her son's grave.
We created   a drawing, and I sent it to the synagogue for  approval  but they
wouldn't approve it because  she didn't finish paying for her cemetery plot,
she recounted.

In fact, it is easier to afford a gravestone, which  costs about $2,000, than a
plot in the cemetery  that's owned by Temple Emanu El in Houston. The  Reform
synagogue charges nonmembers more  than $6,500 for a burial space.

She didn't have any money to pay for a plot and  the associated synagogue fees,
Bell-Spencer said,  though she did have enough for the gravestone.  She was
upset because she couldn't place a stone  on her son's grave.

About every three years, Temple Emanu El  purchases about 30 markers for
unmarked graves  in its cemetery, Bell-Spencer said. She describes  these as
baby-marker-size stones  10 by 20 inches   each.

In other states too, it is not uncommon for  graves in Jewish cemeteries to
remain unmarked  for years.

In Massachusetts, for instance, due to the impact  of the 2008 recession, some
families are only now  marking the graves of those who died in 2010,  said
Judith Caplan, director of records and documentation   at the Jewish Cemetery
Association of  Massachusetts.

What's Wrong With This?

Gravestones are a longstanding  Jewish tradition that goes back to the Bible. In
the book of Genesis, for example, Jacob marked  Rachel's grave when she died by
the side of  the road.

Marking the exact spot where someone is buried  is important because if we stand
two feet to the  right, we might be praying at the wrong person's  grave, said
Rabbi Nechemia Schusterman of  Chabad of Peabody Jewish Center in Peabody,
Massachusetts.

Gravestones are, in a sense, connected to what it  means to be Jewish, said
Reform and Reconstructionist   Rabbi Joe Blair from Harrisonburg, Virginia.

Part of what makes Jews  Jews is that we maintain   memory, he said.

In Judaism, it is customary to mark the grave in  a timely manner  at most a
year after a person  dies, the rabbis said. If you wait years, you've gone
through several yahrzeits and you've ignored [the  deceased], Blair said.

There is also a tradition of equality in Jewish  cemeteries.

The custom goes back to the practice of burying   the dead in simple coffins and
shrouds,  which is based on the premise that everyone   should be buried the
same so that the poor

are not embarrassed, Blair said.

The same principle exists today,  he said.

Indeed, many of those who work in  today's funeral industry find inequality   in
the cemetery disturbing.

For Burger, at Jewish Family Services   in Texas, it's almost better to have  no
marker on the grave than to put  only cheap stones on the graves of  the poor.

I know one thing  I wouldn't want  for someone to walk into a cemetery  and
think, 'Those six graves  those  were all poor people  you can tell  because of
the stone,' she said.

Kaplan, from the Jewish Cemetery  Association of Massachusetts, said  he doesn't
like the idea of paupers'  cemeteries, which still exist in parts  of the
country today.

It sounds to me like a ghetto, he  said. Are [the poor] not fit enough  to be
buried in a normal Jewish  cemetery?

Why is it that in one of the richest  countries on earth traditional gravestones
have become unattainable for  so many people?

The issue is not so much the cost  of the stones themselves  but that
cemeteries and synagogues use them  as a way to make sure they get paid  for
other funeral-related charges.

It's the only way we can police the  loss of revenue to the Jewish Cemetery
Association, says Kaplan.

Another problem is that in cases  in which synagogues own the cemeteries,   the
sale of cemetery plots is  sometimes used to raise revenue for  the synagogue,
Kaplan added.

Frankly, it's all over the country,  Kaplan said. I think that's appalling.

Encouraging cemeteries to be independent   from synagogues is one way  to
address the problem, he suggested.

Others said that above all, we should  remember that we erect gravestones  not
only for those who are living  today, but for those who will come  after  the
generations of the future.

Burger from Jewish Family Services   in Houston understood this for  herself
when she found her great-great-grandfather's name thanks to a  photo that
someone took of her great-grandfather's   gravestone in Poland.  The
great-grandfather's tombstone  had his father's name written on it  providing
information that no one in  the family had.

If there isn't a stone, it doesn't  tell the story anymore, she said. I  really
hope people think about that  when they make their marker today   because it
really leaves a story for  future generations.

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IMAGE: Conspicuous Poverty Even After Death:At Ahavath Achim Anshe
Sfard cemetery in Lynn, Massachusetts, some gravesdon't even get a flat concrete
slab as a headstone.; JULIE MASIS
IMAGE: Underbrush:At Ahavath Achim Anshe Sfard cemetery, family members who
leave tokensof their visits to the graves of relatives with flat markers must
often first sweep away brushto find them.; JULIE MASIS
IMAGE: Common Sight:According to monumentmanufacturer Yosef Hildershaim,
practicallyevery cemetery in the country has graveswith flat markers.; JULIE
MASIS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 The Forward Association, Incorporated
                              All Rights Reserved

                              957 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

Sixth-graders are Maine WinterKids

LENGTH: 297 words


Mrs. Irving's and Mrs. Worcester's sixth-graders at Washburn District Elementary
School are proud to announce that they have received passports from Maine
WinterKids. WinterKids is an organization from Portland that helps children
develop healthy lifelong habits through education and fun, outdoor winter
activity. From downhill and cross country skiing to ice skating and snow tubing,
the passport offers something for everyone.


The WinterKids Passport will encourage kids to get outside and be active more
often this winter. It offers free and discounted tickets, lessons, and rentals
at 50 areas all over Maine. Families can also take advantage of discounted lift
tickets for the whole family during WinterKids Family Days at mountains across
Maine.


Thanks go to the classroom teachers and the After School Program for making this
possible for students of Washburn District Elementary School.


Quilt Raffle


The Washburn Trailrunners Club is raffling off a quilt. The wildlife-themed
quilt, made by some of the ladies from Washburn's Stitchin' and a Givin' group,
is 75" x 85".


Only 200 tickets will be sold at $10 each. Tickets can be purchased at the
Trailrunners Clubhouse on Tuesdays between 9 a.m. and 1 p.m., Saturdays from 7
a.m.-2 p.m. and Sundays between 7 a.m. and 12 noon,, and during the clubhouse
open hours during the school vacation week.


The drawing for the quilt will be on March 27 at 2 p.m.


Clubhouse serving


The Trailrunners Clubhouse is now open weekends throughout the snowmobile season
for breakfast on Saturday and Sunday and for lunch on Saturdays. They will be
serving from 7 am to 2pm on Saturday and from 7am to 12 on Sunday.


Beth Boddy is the correspondent for Perham, Wade and Washburn. She can be
reached by calling 455-8427 or by e-mailing bethwood@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News

                              958 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                           February 16, 2016 Tuesday

Sixth-graders are Maine WinterKids

LENGTH: 297 words


Mrs. Irving's and Mrs. Worcester's sixth-graders at Washburn District Elementary
School are proud to announce that they have received passports from Maine
WinterKids. WinterKids is an organization from Portland that helps children
develop healthy lifelong habits through education and fun, outdoor winter
activity. From downhill and cross country skiing to ice skating and snow tubing,
the passport offers something for everyone.


The WinterKids Passport will encourage kids to get outside and be active more
often this winter. It offers free and discounted tickets, lessons, and rentals
at 50 areas all over Maine. Families can also take advantage of discounted lift
tickets for the whole family during WinterKids Family Days at mountains across
Maine.


Thanks go to the classroom teachers and the After School Program for making this
possible for students of Washburn District Elementary School.


Quilt Raffle


The Washburn Trailrunners Club is raffling off a quilt. The wildlife-themed
quilt, made by some of the ladies from Washburn's Stitchin' and a Givin' group,
is 75" x 85".


Only 200 tickets will be sold at $10 each. Tickets can be purchased at the
Trailrunners Clubhouse on Tuesdays between 9 a.m. and 1 p.m., Saturdays from 7
a.m.-2 p.m. and Sundays between 7 a.m. and 12 noon,, and during the clubhouse
open hours during the school vacation week.


The drawing for the quilt will be on March 27 at 2 p.m.


Clubhouse serving


The Trailrunners Clubhouse is now open weekends throughout the snowmobile season
for breakfast on Saturday and Sunday and for lunch on Saturdays. They will be
serving from 7 am to 2pm on Saturday and from 7am to 12 on Sunday.


Beth Boddy is the correspondent for Perham, Wade and Washburn. She can be
reached by calling 455-8427 or by e-mailing bethwood@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News

                              959 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

Sixth-graders are Maine WinterKids

LENGTH: 297 words


Mrs. Irving's and Mrs. Worcester's sixth-graders at Washburn District Elementary
School are proud to announce that they have received passports from Maine
WinterKids. WinterKids is an organization from Portland that helps children
develop healthy lifelong habits through education and fun, outdoor winter
activity. From downhill and cross country skiing to ice skating and snow tubing,
the passport offers something for everyone.


The WinterKids Passport will encourage kids to get outside and be active more
often this winter. It offers free and discounted tickets, lessons, and rentals
at 50 areas all over Maine. Families can also take advantage of discounted lift
tickets for the whole family during WinterKids Family Days at mountains across
Maine.


Thanks go to the classroom teachers and the After School Program for making this
possible for students of Washburn District Elementary School.


Quilt Raffle


The Washburn Trailrunners Club is raffling off a quilt. The wildlife-themed
quilt, made by some of the ladies from Washburn's Stitchin' and a Givin' group,
is 75" x 85".


Only 200 tickets will be sold at $10 each. Tickets can be purchased at the
Trailrunners Clubhouse on Tuesdays between 9 a.m. and 1 p.m., Saturdays from 7
a.m.-2 p.m. and Sundays between 7 a.m. and 12 noon,, and during the clubhouse
open hours during the school vacation week.


The drawing for the quilt will be on March 27 at 2 p.m.


Clubhouse serving


The Trailrunners Clubhouse is now open weekends throughout the snowmobile season
for breakfast on Saturday and Sunday and for lunch on Saturdays. They will be
serving from 7 am to 2pm on Saturday and from 7am to 12 on Sunday.


Beth Boddy is the correspondent for Perham, Wade and Washburn. She can be
reached by calling 455-8427 or by e-mailing bethwood@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News

                              960 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                            February 15, 2016 Monday

Sixth-graders are Maine WinterKids

LENGTH: 297 words


Mrs. Irving's and Mrs. Worcester's sixth-graders at Washburn District Elementary
School are proud to announce that they have received passports from Maine
WinterKids. WinterKids is an organization from Portland that helps children
develop healthy lifelong habits through education and fun, outdoor winter
activity. From downhill and cross country skiing to ice skating and snow tubing,
the passport offers something for everyone.


The WinterKids Passport will encourage kids to get outside and be active more
often this winter. It offers free and discounted tickets, lessons, and rentals
at 50 areas all over Maine. Families can also take advantage of discounted lift
tickets for the whole family during WinterKids Family Days at mountains across
Maine.


Thanks go to the classroom teachers and the After School Program for making this
possible for students of Washburn District Elementary School.


Quilt Raffle


The Washburn Trailrunners Club is raffling off a quilt. The wildlife-themed
quilt, made by some of the ladies from Washburn's Stitchin' and a Givin' group,
is 75" x 85".


Only 200 tickets will be sold at $10 each. Tickets can be purchased at the
Trailrunners Clubhouse on Tuesdays between 9 a.m. and 1 p.m., Saturdays from 7
a.m.-2 p.m. and Sundays between 7 a.m. and 12 noon,, and during the clubhouse
open hours during the school vacation week.


The drawing for the quilt will be on March 27 at 2 p.m.


Clubhouse serving


The Trailrunners Clubhouse is now open weekends throughout the snowmobile season
for breakfast on Saturday and Sunday and for lunch on Saturdays. They will be
serving from 7 am to 2pm on Saturday and from 7am to 12 on Sunday.


Beth Boddy is the correspondent for Perham, Wade and Washburn. She can be
reached by calling 455-8427 or by e-mailing bethwood@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News

                              961 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Telegram & Gazette (Massachusetts)

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday
                              Worcester TG Edition

Overdose reversal drug now at discount

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS; 8

LENGTH: 132 words


BOSTON -- Massachusetts cities and towns can begin purchasing the overdose
reversal drug naloxone at a discounted rate.

Attorney General Maura Healey made the announcement Wednesday, at the start of
the holiday season. Healey said the holidays are traditionally a time when
overdose rates have spiked.

The state's Naloxone Bulk Purchasing Trust Fund allows first responders to buy
naloxone -- also known as Narcan -- at a deeply discounted rate of $20 per dose.

They can also have the drug, along with an atomization delivery device, sent to
them. Healey said that until now municipalities have been paying from $33 to $67
per dose of the drug, not including the cost of the atomizer.

Naloxone has become a critical life-saving tool as the state's opioid overdose
numbers have spiked in recent years.

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2015 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              962 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma City residents offers discounts to encourage to use of rain barrels

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION:

LENGTH: 222 words


Oklahoma City and the Central Oklahoma Storm Water Alliance are partnering to
encourage residents to conserve water and reduce pollution through the use of
rain barrels.The organizations are offering discounted rain barrels online at
www.upcycle-products.com.The discounted prices start at $61 plus a $2.50 online
handling fee. Residents should click on "order forms" on the right side of the
Web page and choose "Oklahoma City."The deadline to order is Sunday."Rain
barrels collect water that drains from your home's gutter system," said Raymond
Melton, the city's environmental protection manager. "Watering with rainwater is
better for your plants, and it's free."Members of the Oklahoma City Council
passed an urban agriculture ordinance that allows a maximum of two 85-gallon
rain barrels in the front yard. Any number of rain barrels can be placed on the
side or back of property as long as they are not visible from the street. The
containers must be securely covered, and any openings must be covered with a
screen that prevents infestation by insects and other pests.Rain barrels ordered
online can be picked up between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. March 20 or between 9 a.m.
and 1 p.m. March 21 from the city's Household Hazardous Waste Facility, 1621 S
Portland.For more information, contact Melton at 297-2179 or
raymond.melton@okc.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              963 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Daily Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                            March 12, 2015 Thursday

Oklahoma City residents offers discounts to encourage to use of rain barrels

BYLINE: FROM STAFF REPORTS

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 222 words


Oklahoma City and the Central Oklahoma Storm Water Alliance are partnering to
encourage residents to conserve water and reduce pollution through the use of
rain barrels.The organizations are offering discounted rain barrels online at
www.upcycle-products.com.The discounted prices start at $61 plus a $2.50 online
handling fee. Residents should click on "order forms" on the right side of the
Web page and choose "Oklahoma City."The deadline to order is Sunday."Rain
barrels collect water that drains from your home's gutter system," said Raymond
Melton, the city's environmental protection manager. "Watering with rainwater is
better for your plants, and it's free."Members of the Oklahoma City Council
passed an urban agriculture ordinance that allows a maximum of two 85-gallon
rain barrels in the front yard. Any number of rain barrels can be placed on the
side or back of property as long as they are not visible from the street. The
containers must be securely covered, and any openings must be covered with a
screen that prevents infestation by insects and other pests.Rain barrels ordered
online can be picked up between 10 a.m. and 6 p.m. March 20 or between 9 a.m.
and 1 p.m. March 21 from the city's Household Hazardous Waste Facility, 1621 S
Portland.For more information, contact Melton at 297-2179 or
raymond.melton@okc.gov

LOAD-DATE: March 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2015 The Daily Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved

                              964 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            September 8, 2014 Monday
                               MON SCENE Edition

Sale Insider by Vickie Heath, The Denver Post

SECTION: FEATURES; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 403 words


Set sale for Birdsall

September equals sales at Birdsall & Co. All in store fountains are discounted
20 percent through Sept. 15; all furniture, including Barlow Tyrie and bistro,
is discounted 20 percent to 30 percent through Sept. 30 (special orders
included); and all containers are marked down 25 percent. Birdsall hours are 10
a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday, noon to 4 p.m. Sunday. They also offer
classes, details on the website. 1540 S. Broadway, 303 722 2535,
birdsallgarden.com

All in the family

Sales, giveaways, food and a ribbon cutting ceremony are included at the grand
reopening beginning at 9:30 a.m. Sept. 10 at the Family Tree Treasure Trunk
Community Thrift Store, 5892 W. 44th Ave. in Wheat Ridge. Proceeds from sales of
clothing, small appliances, antiques, books, toys and more are used to end child
abuse, domestic violence and homelessness. Hours are 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. Monday
through Friday, 10 a.m. to 5 p.m. Saturday and noon to 5 p.m. Sunday. Have items
to donate? Visit the website for a list of accepted goods. 303 421 9205,
thefamilytree.org

Skirt alert

"Home d\xE9cor and chick stuff galore" is the fun theme of The Purple Poppy, a
boutique in Lafayette. The store is hosting a Miss Magoo Skirt Trunk Show Sept.
13 from 10 a.m. to 6 p.m. with discounts on fall fashions created by Boulder's
Miss Magoo. 2850 Arapahoe Road in the Atlas Valley Shopping Center in Lafayette,
303 530 3115, purplepoppyinc.com

Fall foliage

Paulino Gardens continues its annual sale with 40 to 50 percent off shrubs,
trees, roses, perennials, ornamental grasses, water plants, vines, bedding
plants and more. Hours are 9 a.m. to 5 p.m. Monday through Saturday, 10 a.m. to
5 p.m. Sunday. 6300 N. Broadway, 303 429 8062, paulinogardens.com

Barrel of fun options

There's one week left of the annual Crate & Barrel Limited Edition Upholstery
Sale offering a 15 percent discount on accent chairs, sofas and ottomans in
every fabric, plus leather, through Sept. 14. Stop by or visit the website for
additional savings. Stores are in Cherry Creek North, Park Meadows and Flatiron
Crossing, crateandbarrel.com

Free days this week

Sept. 8: Denver Museum of Nature & Science, dmns.org

Each Monday, "Sale Insider" gives shoppers the scoop on store discounts and
bargain events. Preference is given to retailers and events that have not been
listed recently. To include a sale, e mail living@denverpost .com 10 14 days in
advance.

LOAD-DATE: September 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo provided by Birdsall & Co.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved

                              965 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             July 12, 2011 Tuesday
                                 CITY-C Edition

PMN unveils digital-tablet plan, technology initiative

BYLINE: By Jeff Gelles; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: BUSINESS; P-com Biz; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 586 words



Philadelphia Media Network will soon start selling deeply discounted Android
tablet computers packaged with applications displaying digital editions of The
Inquirer and the Philadelphia Daily News.

Additional applications on the tablets will provide other material from The
Inquirer and Philly.com, the papers' website.

Chief executive officer and publisher Gregory J. Osberg said the plan to bundle
a discounted tablet with digital subscriptions would be a first in the industry,
which has been struggling to maintain revenue as consumers steadily shift their
reading preferences from print publications to computers, smartphones, and other
digital devices.

The announcements were made at a staff meeting and news conference Monday at the
Academy of Natural Sciences.

To spur interest in Philadelphia Media Network's growing array of digital
"apps," Osberg said the company would offer a discount of more than 50 percent
off the total price of the tablet and four apps to customers who agree to
subscribe to the apps for at least a year. He did not disclose the tablet's
manufacturer or more details on pricing.

Osberg also announced plans for a new technology incubator as part of what the
company calls its "Project Liberty" initiative. To be housed starting this fall
at PMN's Broad Street headquarters, the incubator will be financed by a $250,000
grant from the Knight Foundation to Ben Franklin Technology Partners, a
cosponsor of the project along with Drexel University, Dreamit Ventures, and the
Philadelphia Foundation.

The incubator will provide four start-up or early-stage companies with at least
six months of rent-free office space, mentoring, equipment, and technical and
administrative support. Drexel students will participate via the school's
cooperative-education program.

To qualify for the incubator, applicants must be developing products centered on
local e-commerce, local mobile technology, or app-development technology, Osberg
said. "We'll have first right of refusal in the use of these technologies," he
said.

Osberg called the partnership unprecedented, an assessment echoed by Donna
Frisby-Greenwood of the Knight Foundation, which has made $100 million in grants
over the last four years to support media and journalism projects.

"This will be the first opportunity we have to incubate new technology within a
media organization," she said.

Osberg said Philadelphia Media Network hoped to ride a wave of interest in
tablet computers, which have soared in popularity since the April 2010 launch of
the Apple iPad. Apple reportedly sold about 25 million iPads in the product's
first 14 months.

Apple sells iPads for $500 to $800, depending on the amount of memory and
whether they connect to the Internet via 3G cellular networks or only via WiFi.
Tablets using Google's Android operating system sell for similar prices, though
some cost as little as $300.

Osberg said Philadelphia Media would initially offer WiFi-only tablets but
planned to add cellular versions in coming months. If the August rollout goes
well, he said, the company plans a broader launch around Thanksgiving.

Osberg said he expected steep growth in demand for Android-based tablets,
mirroring the rise in popularity of non-Apple smartphones despite Apple's key
role in creating that product niche, too.


Watch video of Gregory J. Osberg, company chief executive officer and publisher,
announcing the media company's initiative

at www.philly.com/liberty Contact staff writer Jeff Gelles at 215-854-2776 or
jgelles@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 12, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ED HILLE / Staff Photographer

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              966 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             June 13, 2009 Saturday
                           4 State / Suncoast Edition

ALBERTSONS SETTLES OVER MISLEADING ADS

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; HEARD IT HERE; GAS WATCH; Pg. 4B

LENGTH: 391 words


Albertsons LLC has agreed to pay $200,000 to resolve false advertising
complaints from last summer that will translate into $20 settlement checks to
shoppers who claim they were misled. The supermarket chain angered many Florida
shoppers when it hired liquidators to stage inventory "blowout sales" at 53
stores being sold or closed, while advertising lower prices at 40 other stores
that were not being closed. Supermarket liquidators, who buy the stock and hope
to profit by selling it at progressively lower prices over a period of weeks,
frequently raise prices at the start of a going-out-of-business sale because
discounts supported by stores' suppliers are no longer part of the deal.

Many Albertsons regulars were enraged that even prices they were used to paying
day in and day out went up before they were discounted by liquidators.
Albertsons ads for stores that were not closing, however, continued to promote
the discounted vendor prices, but did not mention they would not be honored at
stores being closed. The chain admitted no guilt and was not formally charged,
but agreed to restitution with Florida Attorney General Bill McCollum, whose
office investigated and negotiated a settlement. TO MAKE A CLAIM: To get the
money, victims have to file a claim. Forms are available online at
myfloridalegal.com/albertsons or by calling toll-free 1-866-966-7226. They also
must show proof (a receipt, credit card or bank account statement) that they
made a purchase at one of the 53 Florida Albertsons that closed between July 20
and Aug. 15, 2008.

* * *

Baxter to cut 65 Pinellas Park jobs

The job shedding continues at Baxter Healthcare Corp., with 65 more positions
being cut at its Pinellas Park operation by August. The cuts, disclosed through
a "worker adjustment and retraining notification" filed with the state, brings
its total number of area jobs eliminated the past two years to about 300,
leaving about 275 employees remaining in Pinellas Park and other Tampa Bay area
sites.

* * *

No Consumer Edge

Ivan Penn's Consumer Edge column will return next week.

* * *

GAS WATCH

The price of a gallon of regular unleaded gas in the Tampa Bay area:

FRIDAY

$2.594

THURSDAY

$2.572

MONTH AGO

$2.219

YEAR AGO

$3.959

RECORD

$4.009*

* Record set July 16

Source: AAA/Oil Price Information Service

To find the cheapest gas where you live, visit money.tampabay.com.

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2009 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved

                              967 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                Michelle Garmong

                          31244 Palos Verdes Dr. # 231
                         Rancho Palos Verdes,  CA 90275
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.the-divorce.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 74

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We offer competent legal services for our clients at reasonable rates.
Moreover, we offer discounted rates to trade union members or trade association
members. Please contact us for specifics.  Additionally, we offer discounted
hourly rates to employees of select corporations that have more than 100
employees. Please contact our office to determine the applicability of
discounted rates.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 17,500,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              968 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 12, 2012 Monday

Winning A Lottery Can Be Tricky, In A Taxing Way;
Case In Point: The Waffle House Waitress Shenanigans

BYLINE: Taxing Matters / Patti S. Spencer

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 668  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


"A verbal contract isn't worth the paper it's printed on." - Samuel Goldwyn

Kelly Phillips Erb - aka Tax Girl - drolly described this recent tax court case
on her blog for Forbes.

Mr. Seward was a regular customer at the Waffle House in Grand Bay, Ala. From
time to time, he would buy lottery tickets in Florida that he would share with
friends and give as tips to employees at the Waffle House. Lotteries are illegal
in Alabama.

Waffle House waitress Tonda Lynn Dickerson received a lottery ticket from Seward
as a tip. Dickerson's ticket from Seward won $10 million (paid over 30 years or
$5 million as a lump sum) in the Florida lottery.

The other Waffle House employees claimed there was a standing verbal agreement
to share any lottery winnings among them, and further, it was agreed that the
winner would buy Seward a new pickup truck.

That's not the way Dickerson remembered it. She didn't share her winnings with
her co-workers. Her co-workers and Seward sued her for breach of contract and
fraud.

The good news for the co-workers was that the court held that there was an oral
agreement to share winnings. The bad news was that, under Alabama law, contracts
related to gambling - lotteries included - are unenforceable.

Ouch. Your typical Pyrrhic victory - winning the battle and losing the war.

Meanwhile, back at the ranch, Dickerson was doing some tax planning for her
winnings. Along with some members of her family, she formed an S corporation
called 9 Mill Inc.

When claiming the winnings, Dickerson signed the ticket in the corporation's
name. Dickerson retained 49 percent of the stock in 9 Mill Inc., and her parents
and siblings split the remaining 51 percent.

Enter Toya Sue Washington, an attorney with the Estate and Gift Tax Division of
the IRS. Washington looked at the transactions involving the corporation and
transfer of ownership to family members and determined in 2007, quite rightly in
my opinion, that Dickerson had made taxable gifts. Washington assessed Dickerson
$771,570 in gift tax.

Dickerson challenged the IRS assessment. Her theory? She said that she and her
family had an agreement that if any one of them ever won the lottery, they would
share it.

Sound familiar?

The result? The tax court held that even if the family did have an agreement,
just like the agreement with co-workers at the Waffle House, it would be
unenforceable under the same state law that found that the similar agreement to
be a contract related to gambling and thus unenforceable. One has to wonder why
she thought there would be a different result this time around.

It wasn't a complete loss at tax court, though. Even though Dickerson was found
to have made a gift, the value of the gift was discounted because at the time of
the transfer her claim was publicly embroiled in litigation with her Waffle
House co-workers and Seward.

Therefore, the value of 80 percent of the prize (the part subject to suit) was
discounted 67 percent because of the cost, hazard and time delay of litigation.
The result from the tax court is that the value of the gift was discounted 53.6
percent. The tax court decision came down 13 years to the day from the date of
the winning ticket.

The opinion in Tax Court Memo 2012-60 written by Judge Wherry is worth reading.

Here are the section headings in the findings of fact: I. She's Got a Ticket To
Ride; II. Family Values; III. "Inc."-ing the Deal; IV. Eye on the Booty; V.
House of Waffling; and VI. Looking a Gift Horse in the Mouth.

But that's not all. Before her big win, Dickerson had been married to a man
named Stacy Martin, but she and Martin had divorced before she won the $10
million. After she won the lawsuits brought by Seward and the co-workers, Martin
forced his way into Dickerson's pickup truck and drove her from Grand Bay across
the state line to Jackson, Miss.

Once there, Dickerson pulled a .22 caliber pistol from her purse and shot and
wounded Martin. Dickerson was not charged, and Martin was expected to be charged
with kidnapping.

Patti@spencerlawfirm.com

LOAD-DATE: March 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              969 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            March 25, 2010 Thursday
                                 METRO EDITION

Minnesota theater alliance formed;
The service organization would serve Minnesota's large theater community and
help build audiences.

BYLINE: GRAYDON ROYCE; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2B

LENGTH: 356 words


Despite its national profile as a theater center, Minnesota has lacked a service
organization charged with galvanizing the industry. The newly formed Minnesota
Theater Alliance hopes to fill that void.

Initially administered by Springboard for the Arts, the organization intends to
be an independent nonprofit that provides audience development, marketing,
scheduling and professional services to the 100-plus theater companies across
Minnesota. For theatergoers, it could mean easier access to discounted tickets
and centralized information on shows.

The Theater Alliance is now funded by a $50,000 two-year grant from the McKnight
Foundation. Leah Cooper, who headed the Minnesota Fringe Festival from 2001 to
2006, has been hired as program director. Once the McKnight grant expires, it's
expected that further fundraising and member fees will sustain the organization.

Several markets have theater service clearinghouses. In Chicago, the League of
Chicago Theatres operates Hot Tix -- which offers discounted tickets to member
theaters -- and publishes opening-night calendars. It also advocates on public
policy and conducts professional training seminars for smaller theaters. Bay
Area Theatre in San Francisco is the largest theater service organization in the
country, with more than 300 participating companies spread over 11 counties.

Cooper said the Minnesota Alliance will offer some of the ideas that have worked
in Chicago and San Francisco, such as centralized ticketing and a stronger
connection between the theater community and tourist convention centers. Also, a
central website would allow theater troupes to see each other's season lineups
and avoid scheduling conflicts. At the same time, the groups in Chicago and San
Francisco both provide services that currently exist here -- such as annual
awards programs (the Iveys) and trade publications (MinnesotaPlaylist.com).

"Part of this is just bringing together theater companies and finding a
collective voice," said Cooper.

Twin Cities-area theaters sell nearly 2.5 million tickets annually and represent
annual budgets of more than $150 million.

Graydon Royce - 612-673-7299

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2010 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved

                              970 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 23, 2015 Friday

California: AB-876 Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.

LENGTH: 1334  words

DATELINE: Sacramento


Office of the Senate, The State of California has issued the following news
release:

AB 876, as amended, Bonta. Telecommunications: California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund.
Existing law requires the Public Utilities Commission to develop and implement a
program funded by the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund
to advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining kindergarten or any of grades 1 to 12, inclusive, community
colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics, and community organizations.
This bill would specify that discounted rates are available to qualifying
schools maintaining preschools and transitional kindergartens. The bill would
require the commission to develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools
and transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to
these schools under the program described above.
This bill would require the commission to revise the program described above to
give priority for advanced communication communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The bill would require the commission to ensure
that the program described above does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communication communications services to qualifying entities.
The bill would require the commission to open or amend an existing proceeding to
develop a plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and
maintaining a database of communication services purchased by qualifying
entities receiving financial support from the program and the prices paid for
those communication services. The bill would require the commission to report
the plan findings or progress on the plan to the Legislature and to specified
committees of the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
Digest Key
Vote: MAJORITY   Appropriation: NO   Fiscal Committee: YES   Local Program: NO

Bill Text
The people of the State of California do enact as follows:

SECTION 1.
 Section 280 of the Public Utilities Code is amended to read:

280.
 (a) The commission shall develop, implement, and administer a program to
advance universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994.
(b) There is hereby created the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee, which is an advisory board to advise the commission regarding the
development, implementation, and administration of a program to advance
universal service by providing discounted rates to qualifying schools
maintaining preschool, transitional kindergarten, kindergarten, or any of grades
1 to 12, inclusive, community colleges, libraries, hospitals, health clinics,
and community organizations, consistent with Chapter 278 of the Statutes of
1994, and to carry out the program pursuant to the commission's direction,
control, and approval.
(c) All revenues collected by telephone corporations in rates authorized by the
commission to fund the program specified in subdivision (a) shall be submitted
to the commission pursuant to a schedule established by the commission. The
commission shall transfer the moneys received to the Controller for deposit in
the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund. All interest
earned by moneys in the fund shall be deposited in the fund.
(d) Moneys appropriated from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative
Committee Fund to the commission shall be utilized exclusively by the commission
for the program specified in subdivision (a), including all costs of the board
and the commission associated with the administration and oversight of the
program and the fund.
(e) Moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003 are subject to Section 16320 of the Government
Code. If the commission determines a need for moneys in the California
Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund, the commission shall notify the
Director of Finance of the need, as specified in Section 16320 of the Government
Code. The commission shall not increase the rates authorized by the commission
to fund the program specified in subdivision (b) while moneys loaned from the
California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee Fund in the Budget Act of
2003 are outstanding unless both of the following conditions are satisfied:
(1) The Director of Finance, after making a determination pursuant to
subdivision (b) of Section 16320 of the Government Code, does not order
repayment of all or a portion of any loan from the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund within 30 days of notification by the commission
of the need for the moneys.
(2) The commission notifies the Director of Finance and the Chairperson of the
Joint Legislative Budget Committee in writing that it intends to increase the
rates authorized by the commission to fund the program specified in subdivision
(a). The notification required pursuant to this paragraph shall be made 30 days
in advance of the intended rate increase.
(f) Subdivision (e) shall become inoperative upon full repayment or discharge of
all moneys loaned from the California Teleconnect Fund Administrative Committee
Fund in the Budget Act of 2003.

SEC. 2.
 Section 280.1 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.1.
 The commission shall develop and implement an outreach plan to preschools and
transitional kindergartens to increase awareness of services available to these
schools under the program developed pursuant to Section 280.

SEC. 3.
 Section 280.2 is added to the Public Utilities Code, to read:

280.2.
 (a) (1) The commission shall open or amend an existing proceeding to develop a
plan on the feasibility and expense associated with establishing and maintaining
a database of communication services purchased by qualifying entities receiving
financial support from the program developed pursuant to Section 280 and the
prices paid for those communication services.
(2) The plan shall include, but not be limited to, the following:
(A) A report on how to allow qualifying entities access to the database in order
to collaborate and allow for the use of common infrastructure to reduce costs.
(B) A report on how to make only aggregated and anonymous price information from
the database available to the public on the commission's Internet Web site.
(3) In developing the plan required under this subdivision, the commission may
work with a third party, including, but not limited to, a nonprofit
organization, if the commission determines the third party can provide
assistance in developing the plan while maintaining the privacy and security of
all data through a suitable legally binding agreement. For the purposes of this
paragraph, the K-12 High-Speed Network and the California State Library shall
collaborate with the commission and share data and contact information related
to services that schools and libraries purchase that are eligible for discounts
pursuant to Section 280.
(4) The commission shall report the plan findings or progress on the plan to the
Assembly Committee on Utilities and Commerce, the Senate Committee on Energy,
Utilities and Communications, and the Legislature no later than March 1, 2016.
(b)  The commission shall revise the program developed pursuant to Section 280
to give priority to using moneys in the California Teleconnect Fund
Administrative Committee Fund for advanced communications services as the
commission deems appropriate. The commission shall ensure that the program
developed pursuant to Section 280 does not favor a particular technology used to
provide advanced communications services to qualifying entities.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              971 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.





 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              972 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 8, 2016 Thursday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.





 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              973 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.





 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              974 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 6, 2016 Tuesday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.





 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              975 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 5, 2016 Monday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.





 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              976 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 2, 2016 Friday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 185  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.





 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              977 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 1, 2016 Thursday

Idaho: Discount for second general season elk tag ends Wednesday

LENGTH: 186  words

DATELINE: New York



 Boise: The Department of Fish and Game, Idaho has issued the following news
release:



 Through August only, resident and nonresident hunters can buy remaining
nonresident general season elk tags to be used as second tags for the discounted
price of $299 (plus $1.75 vendor fee). Starting September 1, nonresident elk
tags will be available as second tags at the regular price of $416.





 Second deer tags are also available but will not be discounted due to high
demand.  The price for a second deer tag is $300.00 (plus $1.75 vendor fee)
while supplies last.



 Second tags are sold on a first come, first served basis and are available
until the nonresident tag quotas are reached.



 Fish and Game has temporarily discontinued online tag sales because of the
potential breach of the online computer license sales system.  Tags can be
purchased at over 400 license vendors statewide and at Fish and Game offices.
Any mailed applications for second tag purchases must be postmarked by August
31.





 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 2, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              978 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Thorntons® to Offer Unleaded15 &#226;&#132;&#162; for $1.15

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Alexandria: The National Association of Convenience Stores has issued the
following news release:



 Thorntons announced today the location of the first Unleaded15 fuel

 promotion available to guests in the Chicagoland area. The Thorntons' branded
E15 fuel option

 traditionally offers lower cost, improved performance, and reduced greenhouse
gas emissions.



 On Friday, July 22 from 12-4 p.m., the Thorntons located at 2095 East Algonquin
Rd., Algonquin, IL

 60102 will host the first in a series of three (3) special discounted days.
During this time, Unleaded15 will

 be discounted to $1.15 per gallon.

 Last week, Thorntons announced that renewable fuel ambassadors will be on site
for three (3)

 informational sessions. These ambassadors will be at the following locations
from Monday through

 Thursday from 7-10 a.m. and 3-6 p.m. (CDT) to provide Unleaded15 educational
materials and to answer

 any questions related to Unleaded15 fuel.

 o Session One begins:

 o Monday July 18 at the store located at 601 Route 83, Bensenville, IL 60106

 o Session Two begins:

 o Monday, July 25 at the Thorntons located on 2609 N Farnsworth Ave, Aurora, IL
60502

 o Session Three begins:

 o Monday, August 1: 27905 W Hwy 176, Island Lake, IL 60042

 Unleaded15 (up to 15% ethanol, 85% gasoline) provides an octane rating of 88,
and is the most widelytested

 fuel ever introduced to consumers. It contains approximately 15% ethanol, and
is approved by

 the EPA for use in model year 2001 or newer cars, light duty trucks, SUV's and
Flex Fuel&trade; vehicles. This

 fuel typically costs less than regular Unleaded, and is believed to deliver
better performance and fewer

 harmful emissions. Thorntons has partnered with Prime the Pump, the United
States Department of

 Agriculture, the Illinois Department of Commerce & Economic Opportunity, the
Illinois Corn Marketing

 Board, and the Illinois Renewable Fuels Association to add Unleaded15 to stores
in the Chicagoland area.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              979 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2016 Tuesday

Thorntons® to Offer Unleaded15 &#226;&#132;&#162; for $1.15

LENGTH: 350  words

DATELINE: New York



 Alexandria: The National Association of Convenience Stores has issued the
following news release:



 Thorntons announced today the location of the first Unleaded15 fuel

 promotion available to guests in the Chicagoland area. The Thorntons' branded
E15 fuel option

 traditionally offers lower cost, improved performance, and reduced greenhouse
gas emissions.



 On Friday, July 22 from 12-4 p.m., the Thorntons located at 2095 East Algonquin
Rd., Algonquin, IL

 60102 will host the first in a series of three (3) special discounted days.
During this time, Unleaded15 will

 be discounted to $1.15 per gallon.

 Last week, Thorntons announced that renewable fuel ambassadors will be on site
for three (3)

 informational sessions. These ambassadors will be at the following locations
from Monday through

 Thursday from 7-10 a.m. and 3-6 p.m. (CDT) to provide Unleaded15 educational
materials and to answer

 any questions related to Unleaded15 fuel.

 o Session One begins:

 o Monday July 18 at the store located at 601 Route 83, Bensenville, IL 60106

 o Session Two begins:

 o Monday, July 25 at the Thorntons located on 2609 N Farnsworth Ave, Aurora, IL
60502

 o Session Three begins:

 o Monday, August 1: 27905 W Hwy 176, Island Lake, IL 60042

 Unleaded15 (up to 15% ethanol, 85% gasoline) provides an octane rating of 88,
and is the most widelytested

 fuel ever introduced to consumers. It contains approximately 15% ethanol, and
is approved by

 the EPA for use in model year 2001 or newer cars, light duty trucks, SUV's and
Flex Fuel&trade; vehicles. This

 fuel typically costs less than regular Unleaded, and is believed to deliver
better performance and fewer

 harmful emissions. Thorntons has partnered with Prime the Pump, the United
States Department of

 Agriculture, the Illinois Department of Commerce & Economic Opportunity, the
Illinois Corn Marketing

 Board, and the Illinois Renewable Fuels Association to add Unleaded15 to stores
in the Chicagoland area.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content please contact:
editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: July 20, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              980 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 2, 2014 Tuesday

Idaho: commission continues discounts on bear, cougar & wolf tags

LENGTH: 154  words

DATELINE: Boise


Department of Fish and Game, The State of Idaho has issuaed the following press
release:


The Idaho Fish and Game Commission has approved a plan to continue offering
discounts on nonresident tags for large predators in some units. The discounts
will apply to black bear, mountain lion and wolf tags.

Black bear and mountain lion tags will be sold at the new discounted price of
$41.75. This represents a 78 percent decrease in the regular price of $186.00.
Gray wolf tags will continue to be sold at the discounted price of $31.75.

The Commission has established a biological and public need to encourage
participation in the hunting of mountain lion and black bear in certain units
and in the hunting of wolves statewide as a rationale for the discount. The
discounts will remain in effect through December 31, 2016.
In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              981 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             April 24, 2012 Tuesday

Discounted vaccine event to guard against distemper outbreak

BYLINE: Dawn Kurry, Richmond County Daily Journal, Rockingham, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 459 words


April 24--Distemper outbreaks across North Carolina's animal shelters have many
dog owners and adoption advocates concerned.

In response to the distemper outbreak, a vaccine clinic will be held in
Rockingham where you can have your dog or cat vaccinated at a discounted rate.

"I'm coming with an army of volunteers," said Kimberley Alboum, North Carolina
State director of the Humane Society. "We're having a distemper issue across the
state. Shelters are a direct reflection of the community and we are seeing
distemper in the east, the central region and the western parts of the state."

On Saturday, at the Richmond County Health Department parking lot, 125 Caroline
St., Rockingham, rabies shots will be free and distemper and parvo shots will be
$3.

Rabies shots at Gandy Animal Hospital in Rockingham cost $12 and parvo/distemper
shots, which last three years after initial boosters, cost $37.

According to Alboum, the symptoms of distemper can include lethargy, upper
respiratory infection, green phlegm and vomiting. What can at first appear like
pneumonia can be misdiagnosed, which is why pet advocates insist on regular
vaccination.

"It's such a sad, sad virus," said Alboum.

The vaccine clinic will have an educational segment for children on responsible
pet ownership.

"We're going to have some fun," said Alboum. "We're going to be interacting with
kids who bring their pets and talk to them about their pets. We will be handing
out free collars and leashes to people who don't have them."

You need not pre-register for the event, just show up between 10 a.m. and 2 p.m.

Bring your dog on a leash and your cat in a carrier. If you do not have a leash
or carrier, keep your pet in the car and speak with the greeter about getting
help with your pet.

The event will include a special guest appearance by Cory Joyce, UARA race car
driver, who is also an advocate for shelter pets.

"Rabies shots are required by law for any pet over four months old," said
Richmond County Humane Society Rescue, Foster and Outreach Coordinator Allison
Sweatt. "This is a good chance for people who would normally not be able to get
the vaccines to get them, and have their pet looked at by a vet who can give a
referral if needed."

Three veterinarians will be at the event to give your pet a general check up. If
you already have given your pet their shots but have other concerns, this is a
chance to have it examined by a professional for free, said event organizers.

-- Staff Writer Dawn M. Kurry can be reached at 910-997-3111, ext. 15, or by
email at dkurry@heartlandpublications.com

___ (c)2012 the Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) Visit the
Richmond County Daily Journal (Rockingham, N.C.) at www.yourdailyjournal.com
Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 25, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120424-RU-Discounted
-vaccine-event-to-guard-against-distemper-outbreak-0424-20120424

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: RU


                                 Copyright 2012

                              982 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             National Underwriter,
             Property & Casualty/Risk & Benefits Management Edition

                                December 8, 1997

Ins. Groups Petition High Court

BYLINE: BY STEVEN BROSTOFF

SECTION: Pg. 4

LENGTH: 687 words

DATELINE: Washington


Five major insurance company associations are asking the U.S. Supreme Court to
overturn an Internal Revenue Service tax regulation that could impose a major
tax liability on property-casualty insurers.

The five associations have filed an amicus brief with the high court supporting
New York-based Atlantic Mutual in its dispute with the IRS over the
interpretation of the "fresh start" provisions of the Tax Reform Act of 1986.

The Supreme Court recently agreed to rule on the dispute (see NU, Oct. 27, page
3).

Julie Glackenbach, director of government relations for the Des Plaines,
Ill.-based National Association of Independent Insurers, said that if allowed to
stand, the IRS regulation could cost insurers some $ 1 billion annually.

In addition to NAII, the brief was filed on behalf of the Schaumburg, Ill.-based
Alliance of American Insurers; the Indianapolis-based National Association of
Mutual Insurance Companies; and the American Insurance Association and
Reinsurance Association of America, both of Washington.

The issue relates to the IRS' interpretation of a section of the Tax Reform Act
of 1986 that requires p-c insurers to discount loss reserves to reflect
investment income.

That provision contained a transition rule called "fresh start," which was aimed
at easing the initial impact of the new tax rules.

Fresh start involves a series of calculations aimed at determining an amount of
income that would be permanently excluded from taxation.

Under the first step, the fresh start rule said that year-end 1986 loss reserves
were not required to be discounted in the computation of the deduction for
losses incurred in 1986.

At the same time, for the computation of the deduction for losses incurred in
1987, both year-end 1986 and year-end 1987 were to be discounted.

The difference between the undiscounted and discounted amounts of year-end 1986
loss reserves represented the fresh start amount that could be permanently
excluded.

However, the crux of the case involves an anti-abuse rule that says the amount
of the discount on any increase in loss reserves resulting from "reserve
strengthening" in 1986 would not be included in fresh start.

IRS says that "reserve strengthening" means any increase in 1986 reserves
without regard to whether the increases stemmed from changes in reserving
methods or from normal and routine increases in liabilities.

Atlantic Mutual argues that "reserve strengthening" applies only to increases
resulting from a change in the insurance company's methodology. "Reserve
strengthening" does not apply, Atlantic Mutual contends, to normal and routine
increase in liabilities.

In their brief, the five trade associations argued that the plain language of
the Tax Reform Act of 1986 as well as the legislative history demonstrate that
Atlantic Mutual's position is correct.

"The IRS regulation, however, is sweeping and indiscriminate in its scope, and
denies the fresh start not only to artificial reserve additions attributable to
changes in reserve methodologies and assumptions, but also to non-artificial
reserve increases that occur naturally under pre-existing and unchanged reserve
methodologies and assumptions," the brief said.

The brief called the IRS interpretation "a case of regulatory overkill which
this court should outlaw."

The brief noted that even the IRS admitted that Atlantic Mutual's reserves were
proper, reasonable and the natural result of the consistent application of
pre-existing reserve methodologies.

The IRS even stipulated, the brief added, that Atlantic Mutual's increases were
neither abusive nor tax motivated.

"Yet, the government seeks to enforce the IRS regulation which, in this
instance, mechanically and totally denies the fresh start to all of Atlantic
Mutual's reserve increases," the brief said.

At the lower court level, the U.S. Tax Court ruled in favor of Atlantic Mutual.
However, the 3rd Circuit Court of Appeals overturned that ruling, agreeing with
the IRS that the term "reserve strengthening" is ambiguous and thus the IRS
interpretation should be allowed to stand.

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                Copyright 1997 The National Underwriter Company

                              983 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           October 31, 2012 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Inside the Sixers: How does the NBA's Eastern Conference stack up?

BYLINE: By Marc Narducci; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: SPORTS; P-com Spt. Sixers; Pg. D03

LENGTH: 731 words


Who will be No. 2 in the NBA's Eastern Conference this season?

The defending champion Miami Heat are prohibitive favorites as long as LeBron
James stays healthy and hungry, but after that there appear to be several
candidates, including the 76ers, for that second spot.

Anything can happen in a long NBA season, so Miami will have to do more than
show up, but if Dwyane Wade comes back strong after offseason knee surgery,
Chris Bosh remains healthy after last season's abdominal injury, and newcomer
Ray Allen still has the shooting touch at the age of 37, then Miami will be
difficult to dethrone.

Boston, which took the Heat to a seventh game of the conference finals, is
generally considered the second-best team. But the Sixers took Boston to a
seventh game in the conference semifinals, and this year's Sixers team appears
on paper to be better than the 2011-12 edition.

The problem is that other Eastern Conference teams are seemingly improved as
well.

So besides Boston and the Sixers, the Indiana Pacers and revamped Brooklyn Nets
are expected to compete. And if Derrick Rose comes back from his knee injury by
playoff time, the Chicago Bulls can't be discounted. In addition, a veteran team
like the New York Knicks can cause some trouble.

Still, there isn't a team, other than possibly Miami, that the Sixers couldn't
beat in a playoff series. And if Andrew Bynum recovers from the right knee
discomfort that forced him to miss the preseason, who knows what the Sixers can
do against the Heat?

With so much expected parity in the East beyond Miami, the Sixers could finish
anywhere from second to sixth.

Former NBA guard and current NBA TV analyst Greg Anthony agrees with the
consensus opinion that Miami is the favorite, but says the Sixers are in the
Eastern Conference mix.

"Doug Collins has created a culture of winning, and that can never be discounted
," Anthony said in a conference call.

Like everybody else, Anthony says Bynum's health is the key.

"Philly has improved perimeter shooting, which was a huge issue," Anthony said.
"With Bynum healthy, for the first time they will have a guy who commands a
double team, and when the game slows down, that [double-team] will create
opportunities for others."

Some have suggested the East is stronger than the West, although with teams such
as Oklahoma City, the Los Angeles Lakers and Clippers, and San Antonio, there is
no shortage of quality teams.

"When I first got in the league, it was about the Western Conference," said
Sixers swingman Jason Richardson, who spent the majority of his first 11 seasons
in the Western Conference, although he played for Orlando last season. ". . .
Guys are transferring teams, so I think the Eastern Conference has transitioned
into the powerhouse conference in my eyes."

Richardson, like many, is impressed by the depth of quality teams.

"Brooklyn got better, Miami has always been great, Boston is still a threat, but
I think we have to worry about ourselves," he said. "We are in a good position,
and if we take care of our business we will be right in the top three to four
teams in the East."

What is interesting is that in the Atlantic Division, the Sixers won't receive
any nights off.

Boston appears to be a deeper team, with Jeff Green returning after missing last
year with a heart ailment and the addition of super-sub Jason Terry from Dallas
and swingman Courtney Lee from Houston.

Brooklyn, with Deron Williams and six-time all-star Joe Johnson, has one of the
best backcourts. And the Knicks, despite losing Amar'e Stoudemire for the early
part of the season with a knee injury, are capable of competing for the division
title.

Even the Toronto Raptors, generally picked as the last-place team, seem to have
improved, especially with the addition of point guard Kyle Lowry, the former
Cardinal Dougherty and Villanova standout.

"The Eastern Conference is loaded, and I think top to bottom the Atlantic
Division is the best in the league," said the Raptors' executive vice president
of basketball operations, Ed Stefanski (the former Sixers president and GM).
"Miami has the leg up as champions, but there are a lot of teams that feel good
about themselves."

Included in that group are the Sixers. No one is picking them as the favorites,
but they are a team that no one can afford to overlook.

Contact Marc Narducci at mnarducci@phillynews.com. Follow @sjnard on Twitter.


LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved

                              984 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 19, 2014 Saturday

Montana: Maintenance Worker 10048094

LENGTH: 239  words

DATELINE: Helena


Department of Labor & Industry, The State of Montana has issued the following
job announcement:

10048094
Job Title:  Maintenance Worker
Employer:  BOOTHILL PROPERTIES, INC.
Location:  HAVRE MT, 59501
Description:  Will possibly be working between 2 local locations. Employer is
seeking (1) FT and possibly (1) PT worker. Experience in plumbing, electrical,
carpentry, painting, landscaping, pool maintenance etc. is not required but it
is preferred. Any certifications in the areas listed, should be attached to
resume. Employer is looking for a self-motivated individual who enjoys working
with their hands, working outdoors, and has experience in maintenance work. This
is a labor intensive position. Applicant must be able to lift at least 50 lbs. A
driver's license is required as driving the company vehicle around the grounds,
etc. is a necessity. Salary/wages DOE and will range from $11.00-$13.00 per
hour. This position could transfer into a supervisory position. Any experience
in this area would be beneficial and should be included on resume.


Wage:  $11.00 - $13.00 Hourly
Benefits:  Benefits include prorated vacation after 2 years of employment, use
of pool, spa and exercise room at the Great Northern Inn and eventually Havre
Inn & Suites, Discounted stays at Best Western Properties, Discounted meals at
the Duck Inn Restaurants, Aflac is administered through the Duck Inn, Inc. , use
of company vehicles while on shift.
Open

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              985 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 1, 2011 Tuesday

Rrta Offering Promotion During March

SECTION: B; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 141  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Lancaster County's Red Rose Transit Authority is offering riders a special
promotion during March.

Starting today, 10 Ride Passes will be discounted by $2 or $3 off regular fares,
depending on the zone purchased. Discounted prices range from $9 for a base zone
pass to $17.50 for a zone 4 pass that takes riders between Lancaster and the
edges of the county.

The promotion is intended to encourage cash fare customers to try the pre-paid
bus passes. Even at regular prices, the 10 Ride Passes cost as much as 35
percent less than regular cash fares. RRTA 10 Ride Passes never expire and
remain valid even when fares change.

Order forms for the passes are available online at the RRTA website,
www.redrosetransit.com, or from the RRTA Information Center at Queen Street
Station, 225 N. Queen St. Anyone wishing more information can call RRTA, at
397-4246.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.

                              986 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             October 9, 2005 Sunday
                                 Final Edition

The week's best travel bargains around the globe, by land, sea and air.

SECTION: Travel; P03

LENGTH: 715 words


*  Stay at least two nights at the Green Turtle Club on Abaco, an island in the
Bahamas, and receive at least $170 each day toward your food and beverage bill.
The deal allows guests to apply their daily room rate, which starts at $170, to
food and drink, including bottled wine. Promo is good through Dec. 25 (blackout
dates Nov. 19-27). Cost of room cannot be applied to taxes/gratuities, which are
an extra 17 percent. Info: 866-528-0539, www.greenturtleclub.com.

*  ItaliaRail.com is discounting Italian rail passes by more than 20 percent for
travel Nov. 1-March 31. For example, a four-day adult pass now starts at $157, a
savings of $49 over the regular price. Trenitalia passes range from three to 10
days and must be used within two months. Purchase by Feb. 28. Customers also
receive a free Italy guidebook, while supplies last. Info: 888-538-RAIL,
www.italiarail.com.

*  Ski Lake Tahoe, which covers seven major Northern California resorts, is
offering a "Six-Pack" deal for $229. The six lift tickets apply to various
combinations of mountains. For example, one ticket can be used at either Squaw
Valley or Alpine Meadows, while another is good at Heavenly, Kirkwood or Mt.
Rose. No blackout dates, and the tickets are transferable. Individual daily lift
tickets range from $41 to $65. Purchase at www.skilaketahoe.com; quantities
limited.

*  Get an extra 10 percent off already discounted Mexican Riviera cruises aboard
the Crystal Serenity. The deal applies to two cruises departing Los Angeles Jan.
4 and Jan. 10. The six-night Jan. 4 cruise, for example, is now priced starting
at $1,795 per person double, plus $135 in port charges. Brochure rate is $3,355,
and discounted rate, before 10 percent reduction, was $1,995. Info:
866-446-6625, www.crystalcruises.com.

*  Book back-to-back Caribbean cruises aboard Windjammer Barefoot Cruises's M.V.
Amazing Grace for $1,175 per person double, plus $180 in taxes; usual price
starts at $2,000. Deal applies to Nov. 5 Trinidad-to-Antigua cruise coupled with
Nov. 12 Antigua-to-Tortola itinerary, or Nov. 19 Tortola-to-Antigua cruise with
Nov. 26 Antigua-to-Trinidad sailing. Info: 800-327-2601, www.windjammer.com.

*   A nine-night repositioning cruise aboard the Celebrity Constellation from
Bayonne, N.J., to San Juan, Puerto Rico, departing Nov. 10 is now priced
starting at $400 per person double for an inside cabin; brochure rate starts at
$750. Port charges are $50 each. Info: 800-647-2251, www.celebrity.com.

*  Delta is offering sale fares from Reagan National to Charleston, S.C. Fare of
$158 round trip, plus $16 in taxes, applies to travel through Nov. 17; seven-day
advance purchase required. Book at www.delta.com by Oct. 11; $10 additional if
purchased by phone at 800-221-1212. Other airlines are matching; usual fare
starts at $199.

*   Continental has holiday sale fares on business-class seats between BWI and
Dublin. Fare is $1,390 round trip, plus $78 in taxes; fare on other airlines is
$3,297. Depart Nov. 19-24 and return Nov. 25-26 or Nov. 28-30; depart Dec.
17-Jan. 1 and return by Jan. 8. Purchase at least 30 days in advance. Info:
800-231-0856, www.continental.com.

*  A 14-night escorted tour of Vietnam, with departures in 2005 and 2006, is
priced from $2,140 per person double, plus $200 in taxes, with a deal from
Djoser. The trip includes air from D.C. to Hanoi with return from Ho Chi Minh
City; lodging; domestic transport by train and plane; and guide. Priced
separately, the trip without a guide would cost $2,452. Info: 877-356-7376,
www.djoserusa.com.

*   A package that includes round-trip air from Washington to Istanbul and five
nights lodging at the Askoc Hotel in the city's historical area is $535 per
person double, plus $232 in taxes and surcharges. Octopus Travel is offering the
deal for travel Jan. 3-March 31; purchase by Oct. 18. Priced separately, air is
about $665 and the hotel about $74 a night, for savings of about $175 per
couple. Info: 866-462-8678, www.octopustravel-us.com.

-- Carol Sottili

Prices were verified and available on Thursday afternoon when the Travel section
went to press. However, deals sell out quickly and are not guaranteed to be
available. Restrictions such as day of travel, blackout dates and
advance-purchase requirements sometimes apply.

LOAD-DATE: October 9, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                              987 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Carroll County Times (Westminster, Maryland)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           January 19, 2017 Thursday

Carroll Recreation offers discounted adaptive ski lessons

BYLINE: Jon Kelvey, Carroll County Times, Westminster, Md.

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 308 words


Jan. 19--The Carroll County Department of Recreation and Parks announced a new
winter program on Tuesday. In conjunction with Liberty Mountain Resort --
sometimes known as Ski Liberty -- the department will offer a discounted
therapeutic ski instruction program.

Adaptive recreation coaches from Liberty Mountain Resort, at 78 Country Trail in
Fairfield, Pennsylvania, will be offering two hours of ski instruction for $25
through the new program, which is appropriate for people with physical,
emotional or mental disabilities.

"It's an ongoing program starting from whenever anybody calls us," said Becky
Kishter, a community recreation specialist with the Department of Recreation and
Parks. "There is a registration process and once they schedule with us then we
send them a registration form, they fill it out, send it back and that specific
time is set up with that coach."

Those interested should call Debbie Gemmill at 410-386-2103 in order to schedule
a date. The $25 payment will be paid at the ski lesson, according to Kishter,
and is a discount from what the adaptive lessons would normally cost at Liberty
Mountain Resort.

"The $25 fee is what they are paying as long as they have their own equipment;
it doesn't cost them anything further," she said. "If they don't have their own
ski equipment, they would need to contact Ski Liberty and rent what they need."

The lessons are ongoing with no particular deadline other than the end of the
ski season, according to Kishter.

"There is no beginning or end at this point," she said. "It's for this season at
this time and will hopefully continue on."

jon.kelvey@carrollcountytimes.com

410-857-3317

twitter.com/CCT_Twitter

___ (c)2017 the Carroll County Times (Westminster, Md.) Visit the Carroll County
Times (Westminster, Md.) at www.carrollcountytimes.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20170119-WX-Carroll-Recreation-offers-discounted
-adaptive-ski-lessons-0119-20170119

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: WX


                      Copyright 2017 Carroll County Times

                              988 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                  Bakerson LLC

                          3030 E Cactus Rd Suite #105
                               Phoenix,  AZ 85032
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (602) 908-9933
URL: www.bakerson.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 35

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We offer off market real estate Phoenix, and discounted houses in Phoenix
Metro Arizona! If you are looking for deeply discounted property, we can help!
Looking to buy discounted property in Phoenix? We have a home for you! We
specialize in Off Market property in Arizona, which you will not find anywhere
else. Most of our properties are deeply discounted at 20-50% off of market
value. We offer houses, and commercial property in all of Arizona.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 7,000,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016

                              989 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Journal-News (Hamilton, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            March 21, 2012 Wednesday

Beach Waterpark offers season pass holders alternative instead of refunds

BYLINE: Eric Schwartzberg, Hamilton JournalNews, Ohio

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 382 words


March 21--MASON -- Season pass holders to The Beach Waterpark won't be getting
refunds, but will receive more than $200 in "alternative experiences" at a
number of area attractions.

The Beach Waterpark announced today is entering into a partnership that will
provide free or reduced admission to Kings Island, Coney Island Amusement Park,
Countryside YMCA, Cincinnati Zoo, Morgan's Outdoor Adventures, Ozone Zipline
Adventures, Dave & Busters and the city of Mason.

"While we regret that we won't be able to provide refunds to season pass
holders, we couldn't be more proud of how our community partners have come
together to support our season pass holders and provide them with valuable
experiences," said Ralph Vilardo Jr., authorized spokesman on behalf of The
Beach Waterpark.

Offers to season pass holders start as early as today in some instances and
include:

-- One free day pass to Kings Island and the opportunity to purchase a Gold pass
at a reduced price.

-- A one-time discount good toward the Mason Community Center, Lou Eves
Municipal Pool or the Grizzly Golf Course.

-- Two free Sunlite Pool & Classic Rides combo tickets at Cony Island Amusement
Park.

-- A free one week family pass to Countryside YMCA and discounted membership
fee.

-- Reduced admission to the Cincinnati Zoo.

-- Buy one get one free weekday rental at Morgan's Outdoor Adventures.

-- Discounted pricing for zipline tours at Ozone Zipline Adventures.

-- A credit with purchase of a PowerCard at Dave & Busters.

The total retail value of the free pass offers, not including discounted offers,
is close to $200. Season passes to The Beach Waterpark most recently retailed
for $89.99.

The Beach Waterpark announced on March 9 that season pass holders could email
thebeachwaterpark@northlich.com with their contact information and the number of
passes they purchased and management would be in touch.

Season pass holders will be contacted directly by mail with full details
regarding each offer and how they may participate, Vilardo said.

For more information about the offers available to season pass holders of The
Beach Waterpark visit www.thebeachwaterpark.com.

___ (c)2012 the Hamilton JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) Visit the Hamilton
JournalNews (Hamilton, Ohio) at www.journal-news.com Distributed by MCT
Information Services

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20120321-HL-Beach-Waterpark-offers-season-pass-holders-alternative-instead-of-re
funds-20120321

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HL


                        Copyright 2012 The Journal-News

                              990 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Kokomo Tribune (Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday

Discount registration available

BYLINE: Kokomo Tribune, Ind.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 464 words


Nov. 08--INDIANAPOLIS -- There are just two weeks left to sign up online at a
discounted price for the Indiana Youth Institute's 15th annual Because KIDS
COUNT Conference presented by Pacers Foundation. This year's event will take
place Dec. 1 and 2 at the Indiana Convention Center in downtown Indianapolis.

Indiana residents who register online at www.iyi.org/conference will pay a
discounted rate of $125 until Nov. 16. After that, attendees must register
on-site for $175. IYI distributes vouchers to every community foundation and
United Way agency in the state to help off-set the cost. The cost for
out-of-state residents is $275.

The keynote luncheon speaker is Father Greg Boyle, founder of Homeboy
Industries, the largest gang intervention, rehabilitation and re-entry program
in the United States. The opening keynote speaker is Steve Pemberton, chief
diversity officer and divisional vice president for Walgreens. Pemberton will
share his story of growing up in foster care and working his way into success.

The conference will feature more than 100 workshops covering topics such as:
Strategies to raising confident and competent girls; engaging men and boys in
preventing violence against women; how to secure balanced, diversified and
sustainable funding; how to match youth and volunteers; teaching youth to
express themselves with confidence; strategies for helping students succeed by
creating a growth mindset; increasing multicultural awareness and intelligence;
how to stay safe in the digital age; and others.

A full list of workshops, speakers and descriptions can be found on the
conference website. There also will be two special events at this year's
conference:

--Free community screening of the film "Girlhood," sponsored by Peyton Manning
Children's Hospital at St. Vincent. The film provides a first-hand account of
two young women who committed crimes as adolescents and spent their teen years
behind bars. The screening is at 6:30 p.m. Dec. 1 at the Indianapolis Marriott
Downtown. Attendees can register for the event at www.iyi.org/girlhood. Please
be aware this film is only appropriate for ages 13 and up.

--A "day in the life" poverty simulation, presented by United Way of Central
Indiana, will show what it's like for youth who live in poverty. Attendees will
assume the role of a low-income family member living on a limited budget. This
will dramatically demonstrate how much time and energy many families have to use
just to survive from day to day. Registration is required.

For more information, go to www.iyi.org/conference or contact the Indiana Youth
Institute at 800-343-7060 or iyi@iyi.org

___ (c)2015 the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo, Ind.) Visit the Kokomo Tribune (Kokomo,
Ind.) at www.kokomotribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20151108-KO-Discount-registration-available-1108-20151108

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KO


                         Copyright 2015 Kokomo Tribune

                              991 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                           September 3, 2011 Saturday
                                  ROP Edition

FINE PRINT - We find answers to consumers' questions;
State revenue dept. clarifies sales tax on discounted cell phones

BYLINE:

MassMarketBlog.com

SECTION: Business; pg. 24

LENGTH: 341 words


We all know that we can get complex cell phones for a big discount if we sign a
contract with Sprint, AT&T or Verizon at the time of the purchase. What many of
us didn't know is that the sales tax isn't usually based on the discounted
price.

The state Department of Revenue has issued a directive saying that the
6.25-percent sales tax needs to be based on the wholesale price of the phone or
the price the customer is paying for the phone - whichever is higher - when
phones are bundled with long-term contracts.

The new directive took effect July 1, although DOR spokesman Bob Bliss says it
merely explains rules that have been in place in Massachusetts for a long time.

But plenty of people didn't know about this rule, and many retailers apparently
weren't following through on it. Bliss says the DOR issued the directive after
hearing complaints from small cell-phone dealers who said they were being
undercut by bigger retailers that were only taxing the discounted price.

Bliss said DOR hoped to clarify that the taxable amount for a phone sold with a
long-term contract needs to be at least as much as the wholesale cost. That
said, retailers are allowed to pay the difference between the tax on the
wholesale amount and the tax on the super-low discounted amount to defray the
cost to consumers.

Bliss says DOR is also enforcing the rule among retailers who dodged the rule or
simply didn't know: He says cell-phone bundling has become a "fertile area for
audits."

There's a good chance that if merchants weren't previously using wholesale
prices for calculating the sales taxes on these discounted phones, they will be
doing it now. That could mean a bigger bill at the cash register, although the
rule doesn't apply to a phone that doesn't come with a long-term contract.

There aren't many precedents at DOR for charging sales tax based on a value
that's more than what a consumer pays for the product. In most cases, your sales
tax is based on the discounted price: The tax on a $1,000 TV that's been slashed
to $500 would be $31.25, not $62.50.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Patriot Ledger

                              992 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            July 26, 2006 Wednesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

BYLINE: Compiled by Rick Nowlin

SECTION: HEALTH WEDNESDAY; HEALTH CALENDAR; Pg. D-2

LENGTH: 468 words


Special Events

* Three Rivers Center for Independent Living is sponsoring a rally at noon today
in the courtyard of the Allegheny County Courthouse, 436 Grant St., in
celebration of the 16th anniversary of the Americans with Disabilities Act. For
information, call 412-371-7700.

Charity Events

* The deadline to buy $15 discounted tickets for the 84 Lumber Classic Pro Golf
Association event, to take place Sept. 11 through 17 at Nemacolin Woodlands, is
Aug. 8. Proceeds from the discounted tickets benefit the Zach Attack and
Nathan's Battle Foundation to fund a gene therapy clinical trial for Batten
Disease. Ticketholders also may attend weekend concerts by the Povertyneck
Hillbillies, Clint Black and the Black-Eyed Peas. Call 724-538-5661.

Blood Drives

* To find a blood drive near you call:

-- The Central Blood Bank, 412-209-7000 or 1-800-310-9551.

-- The American Red Cross, 1-800-993-6667. For bloodmobile locations, check
http://www.redcrosslife.org.

Classes/Workshops

* The August meeting of Excela Health's program "Living with Cancer, Looking
Forward," for new cancer patients and their families, to be held every second
Wednesday of the month, is taking place from 6 to 7:30 p.m. Aug. 9 at the Arnold
Palmer Pavilion, Mountain View Medical Park, Unity. Registration is required.
Call 1-877-771-1234.

Support Groups

*Self Help Group Network, a service of HelpLine, provides a database of support
groups. Call: 412-255-1155.

* The Brain Injury Peer Support Group meets from 7 to 9 p.m. Aug. 8 at
HealthSouth Harmarville, Guys Run Road, Harmar. Included is an ice cream social.
For details, call 412-531-0343.

Special Opportunities

* The Girls, Math & Science Partnership at the Carnegie Science Center, One
Allegheny Avenue, North Shore, is sponsoring "Click!", a day camp for girls ages
11 to 14, from 9 a.m. to 4:30 p.m. Aug. 7 through 11. Participants are to solve
a biomedical mystery. The cost is $230, with scholarships available, and the
deadline is Friday. Call 412-237-1637.

* SouthBridge EMS is sponsoring a free car-seat inspection clinic from 6 to 8
p.m. July 31 at its Cecil base, 22 Cecil Elementary Drive. For appointments,
call 412-221-5115.

* The Parkinson Chapter of Greater Pittsburgh is presenting "Living Well with
Parkinson Disease," a retreat to be held Aug. 4 through 6 at Antiochian Village
Conference and Retreat Center, Route 711, Ligonier Township. Deadline is Aug. 2,
but space is limited. For more information, including costs, call 724-238-3677
or 412-365-2086.

* The Westmoreland Tobacco-Free Coalition is sponsoring a public speaking and
demonstration contest for children and youth ages 8 to 18 on Aug. 23 at the
Westmoreland Fairgrounds, Greensburg-Mount Pleasant Road, Mount Pleasant
Township. Cash prizes are being awarded. The entry deadline is 7 p.m. Aug. 1.
Call 724-837-1402.

LOAD-DATE: July 26, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.

                              993 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              August 2, 2003 Saturday Five Star Late Lift Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR : DISCOUNTED PHONE SERVICE IS AVAILABLE

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 32

LENGTH: 206 words


The July 29 article, "Disconnected from Society," examines the small percentage
of Americans who don't have local telephone service. Some low-income Missourians
don't know that programs exist to help them receive basic local telephone
service at a discounted rate.

SBC Missouri offers Lifeline, a discounted telephone service plan, to provide
basic service for low-income customers. To qualify, a household must participate
in one of the following programs: food stamps, Low Income Home Energy Assistance
Program, Medicaid, Section 8 housing, Supplemental Security Income or Utilicare.

Lifeline benefits include a monthly discount of up to $8.75 on basic telephone
service, free installation, a waiver of deposit for local service, optional toll
restriction and optional blocking of 900 numbers.

SBC offers affordable telephone alternatives for Missourians with special
assistance needs. I'd encourage individuals who participate in one of the
programs listed above to contact SBC at 1-800-464-7928 (English), 1-
800-559-0050 (Spanish), 1-800-522-8506 (TTY/TDD with voice service) or visit our
Web site at sbc.com/lifeline for additional information.

Craig Unruh

Executive Director-Regulatory

SBC Missouri

St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: LETTERS

TYPE: LETTERS

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.

                              994 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                            June 15, 2011 Wednesday

Around Windham County

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 741 words


Wednesday June 15, 2011

In Brattleboro...

DISCOUNTED TICKETS: The Brattleboro Recreation & Parks Department is offering
discounted amusement park tickets for: "Six Flags New England" in Agawam, Mass.,
for $30; "The Great Escape/Splashwater Kingdom" in Lake George, N.Y., for $27
(children under age 2 are free); and "Bromley Sun Mountain Adventure Park" in
Manchester, for $24.

Tickets may be purchased at the Brattleboro Recreation & Parks Department
Office, 207 Main St., Monday through Friday from 10 a.m. to 12 p.m. and 1 p.m.
to 4:30 p.m.

Cash or money order only will be accepted. No checks or credit cards accepted.
Sept. 3 will be the last day to purchase discount tickets for the 2011 Season.

SKATEBOARD COMMITTEE: BASIC, the Skateboard Park Committee will meet Thursday,
June 16, at 6 p.m. at the Hannah Cosman Room in the Municipal Center. Topics of
discussion will be community outreach, site work and design, school board
update, community forum, fundraising ideas and upcoming events, and material for
distribution.

ALZHEIMER'S WORKSHOP: Maggie Lewis from The Alzheimer's Association will host a
free workshop, "Know the 10 Signs: Early Detection Matters" at The Gathering
Place on Wednesday, June 15, from 5:30 to 7:30 p.m.

A video of real people who are living with the early stages of dementia and
their families addressing fears and myths associated with Alzheimer's disease
will be shown. Following the video, there will be a guided discussion led by
Lewis. The free workshop is open to all who are interested.

For information, call Lewis at 802-316-3839 or Michelle Grist-Weiner at
802-254-6559.

SAVVY SENIORS: Vermont SMP of the Community of Vermont Elders has partnered with
Lyric Theatre to present the "Savvy Seniors." The goal of this group is to
provide education through humorous performances about a serious issue:
Healthcare error, fraud and abuse. Join the group for a witty, hour performance,
ask questions, and discuss things that affect everyone.

"Savvy Seniors" will have a performance on Thursday, June 16, at 12:30 p.m. at
the Brattleboro Senior Center, 207 Main St. The Senior Center is handicapped
accessible and open to the public. For information, call 802-257-7570.

LEAD SAFE: Lead Safe Homes is hosting an EPA Renovation, Repair and Painting
class on Tuesday, June 21, from 8 a.m. to 5 p.m. at St. Michael's Episcopal
Church in Brattleboro. This federal certification class costs $150 to register.
All landlords and contractors that disturb more than six-square-feet of paint
are required to obtain EPA certification or be supervised by a certified
renovator.

Registration is recommended. Contact Lead Safe Homes at 802-463-9927, ext. 208
or ext. 207.

BROOKS' BOOKS: There is still time to peruse the hundreds of used books, DVDs,
cassette tapes, CDs, at the Friends of Brooks Memorial Library Book Sale, which
continues until the end of June. All materials are half price.

Access to the sale on the Main Floor and Children's Room is during regular
library hours: Monday-Wednesday, 10 a.m. to 9 p.m.; Thursday, 1 to 6 p.m.;
Friday, 10 a.m. to 6 p.m.; and Saturday, 10 a.m. to 2 p.m.

For information on the Friends of the Library or the sale, call 802-254-5290,
ext. 0.

In Putney...

NO IMPACT MAN: Transition Putney and Jane Fitzwilliam will host a screening of
the film "No Impact Man" on Thursday, June 16, from 7 to 9 p.m. at the Putney
Library.

"No Impact Man" is a documentary that follows the Manhattan-based Beavan family
as they abandon their high-consumption 5th Avenue lifestyle and try to live a
year while making no net-environmental impact.

For more information or to watch a trailer: noimpactproject.org/movie ,
paull@sover.net or 802-387-4102.

In South Londonderry...

ANNUAL MEETING: The annual meeting of the South Londonderry Free Library will be
held on Wednesday, June 15, at 7 p.m. at the Library. Patrons and the general
public are invited to attend this meeting and/or on every third Wednesday of the
month.

In Townshend...

SENIOR LUNCH: The Townshend Senior Lunch, sponsored by the Council on Aging for
Southeastern Vt., Inc., will be held on Thursday, June 16, at noon at the
Townshend Church. The dinner is for seniors in Townshend and surrounding
communities.

The suggested donation is $3 for those 60 and over, and $4 for those under 60.
Everyone is welcome.

Because June is National Rose Month, there will be a sing-along after dinner
featuring songs about roses. Come prepared to request favorite tunes.

LOAD-DATE: January 26, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                              995 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           December 8, 2005 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Politics or Not, Bronx Warmly Receives Venezuelan Heating Oil

BYLINE: Michelle Garcia, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A Section; A08

LENGTH: 791 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


A green Citgo tanker truck chugged up a hill with a grim view of tenement
buildings, elevated subways and treeless sidewalks to deliver Venezuelan heating
oil, a "humanitarian" gift from Venezuelan President Hugo Chavez.

Moments before the orange-gloved worker snaked the hose to a Bronx tenement,
Eartha Ferguson, a manager and resident of a low-income building, said: "I call
it a gift of survival. It comes at a good time, a very needed time."

Chavez's gift, which  arrived on Tuesday and is being distributed this week, may
be nothing more than a chance to tweak the nose of the Bush administration,
which has long opposed the South American leader. But few residents in the South
Bronx, where 41 percent  live on incomes below the federal poverty line, are
inclined to worry about international politics.

Citgo Petroleum Corp., which is controlled by the Venezuelan government, signed
a deal with three Bronx housing nonprofits to sell 5 million gallons of heating
oil at 45 percent below the market rate, an estimated savings of $4 million. The
discounted oil will heat 75 Bronx apartment buildings, housing 8,000 low-income
working poor and elderly tenants.

Officials with Mount Hope Housing Co., Fordham Bedford Housing Corp. and VIP
Community Services  --  which have organized tenants and rehabilitated
low-income apartments for several decades  --  say  savings from the cheap oil
will allow them to  reduce rents temporarily and invest in neighborhood social
programs.

"A lot of families are struggling," said Lenice Footman, who hopes  her $600
monthly rent will be reduced.  Neighbor Dionne Morales agreed, saying she is
overlooking the criticism directed at Chavez. "If he can give oil to my country
and help the lives of my community, I'm impressed," she said.

Chavez has sold the discounted oil  in two U.S. markets, New York and
Massachusetts. Citizens Energy Corp., a Boston-based nonprofit cooperative,
bought  12 million gallons at a steep discount after U.S. oil companies ignored
its  written plea for help. Similar oil deals are in the works for other parts
of New York and some New England states.

Americans face record prices for heating oil  this winter, with a gallon
selling for $2.41  --  a 38 percent increase from this time last year. Congress
declined to provide additional funding for the federal Low-Income Home Energy
Assistance Program, and Citizens Energy and other housing advocates expect that
families, especially in the Northeast,  will exhaust their benefits by
Christmas.

White House spokesman Scott McClellan said in a recent briefing that the Bush
administration expects the recently passed energy bill and efforts to expand
capacity to help address the shortfall. "All of us have a role to do to help
address high energy prices," he said. "And we are taking action to do so."

But on the second snow day in the Bronx, where scrawled graffiti warns
pedestrians of rats, fleas and maggots, it did not escape  the notice of tenants
that a foreign government  stepped in after  Congress did not.

"The government should have done it," said Shirley Manuel, 52, a tenants' rights
activist, wrapped up tightly in her wheelchair. "This is their country, this is
their people  --  they should be taking care of their own."

Rep. Jose E. Serrano (D-N.Y.), who brokered the oil deal, brushed aside
suggestions that Chavez was  playing  petro politics.

"To those who say this is to score political points," he told a shivering crowd
when the first oil arrived, "I invite any American corporation that wants to
score points with my community to start this afternoon."

But, in fact,  politics is very much part of  this deal. The Bush administration
has made no secret of its dislike for Chavez and his populist, left-wing
politics, nor of  its desire to see him turned out of office. Chavez, in turn,
was a featured speaker at a demonstration in Argentina  this year, in which he
denounced President Bush's policies in Latin America.

Last week, Citgo bought  full-page ads in The Washington Post and the New York
Times, lauding Venezuela's role in heating the homes of the nation's poor. El
Diario/La Prensa,  New York's major Spanish-language newspaper, published a
front-page photo of Chavez wearing a Santa Claus hat above the words, a "Gift
from Chavez to the Bronx."

In September, Chavez traveled to the Bronx and spent several hours with 17
community groups. Flanked by Serrano and  Jesse L. Jackson, Chavez proposed
selling heating oil at below market rates and laid out plans to invest some of
Venezuela's oil revenue in health and environmental programs in the Bronx.

"I fell in love with the Bronx and New York," Chavez said that day. "I have met
the soul of the American people."

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post

                              996 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            September 6, 2013 Friday

Ohio: Attorney General DeWine Charges Discount Drug Service with Unfairly
Debiting Bank Accounts

LENGTH: 355  words

DATELINE: Columbus


Office of The Attorney General, The State of Ohio has issued the following news
release:

Ohio Attorney General Mike DeWine today filed a lawsuit charging
Cincinnati-based Queen City Script Care with making unauthorized debits to
consumers' bank accounts, failing to provide refunds, and taking unfair
advantage of consumers. Many victims are elderly and low-income.

"This business offered to help consumers obtain discounted prescription
medication, but instead it took advantage of them," Attorney General DeWine
said. "Some consumers had to close their bank accounts because the unauthorized
debits would not stop. With the upcoming health care changes, we will continue
to watch for businesses that make misleading claims about health care services."

Queen City Script Care's principal place of business is 10901 Reed Hartman
Highway, Suite 319, in Blue Ash, Ohio. The business charges $30 to $41 per month
to help individuals get free or discounted prescriptions through patient
assistance programs, which are run by pharmaceutical companies to help eligible
individuals who cannot afford their medication. Individuals can apply to patient
assistance programs for free, and many nonprofits offer help for no charge.

According to the lawsuit, Queen City Script Care promised full refunds for
consumers who were unable to receive medication through a patient assistant
program, but many consumers never received any medication and never received a
full refund. The business often debited consumers' bank accounts multiple times
per month or continued to make withdrawals after consumers canceled their
contracts.

The Ohio Attorney General's Office currently has 20 unresolved complaints
against the business with losses totaling $7,141.18, but additional consumers
have been affected.

In the lawsuit, the Attorney General charges the business and its owners, Thomas
Fenske and Theresa Fenske, with multiple violations of Ohio's Consumer Sales
Practices Act. The Attorney General seeks consumer restitution, injunctive
relief, civil penalties, and other costs.

For further information please visit: http://www.ohioattorneygeneral.gov/

LOAD-DATE: September 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved

                              997 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             June 26, 2010 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Profits from unused power to go to WNY fund

BYLINE: By Matt Glynn - NEWS BUSINESS REPORTER

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 300 words


The State Senate has approved a bill directing that earnings from the sale of
unused discounted power by the New York Power Authority go into a new economic
development fund exclusively for Western New York.

The Assembly has already approved the measure. Gov. David A. Paterson needs to
sign the legislation before it goes into effect.

The legislation deals with the sale of unallocated discounted electricity known
as expansion power and replacement power, which are used as economic development
tools to support employers. The power may go unallocated for different reasons:
a recipient might not be drawing its full allocation, its facility might not yet
be operating, or a facility might close.

In the past, the Power Authority has sold the unallocated power on the open
market. The legislation calls for the proceeds of those sales to be dedicated to
public, private and nonprofit economic development projects in a 30-mile radius
of the Niagara Power Project.

"Rather than having this money disappear into the Power Authority's vast
coffers, it will be earmarked for economic development projects in our region,"
said State Sen. George D. Maziarz, R-Newfane, who sponsored the legislation.
State Sen. William T. Stachowski, D-Lake View, co-sponsored the bill.

The Buffalo Niagara Partnership has advocated creating the special fund, saying
it could be used for purposes such as site preparation and infrastructure
improvements, brownfield cleanups, adaptive reuse of existing buildings and
enticing private-sector investments in the region.

As designed, the Western New York Advisory Group -- consisting of local economic
development agencies that make power allocation recommendations to the Power
Authority -- would solicit and review applications for grants from the fund.

e-mail: mglynn@buffnews.com

LOAD-DATE: June 26, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2010 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved

                              998 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            August 23, 2008 Saturday
                                  Main Edition

When buddy pass is not so friendly;
Discounted flights can leave you stranded

BYLINE: CLINT WILLIAMS; Staff

SECTION: LIVING; Pg. 1E

LENGTH: 859 words


Cheap isn't always a bargain.

Ming Han Chung of Duluth figured he was saving a bundle using a Delta Air Line
buddy pass to fly to Berlin last month, paying just $400 for a round-trip ticket
that would normally cost about $1,300. The trip ended up costing much more ---
about $1,500 as well as three unplanned vacation days.

In a city that boasts the world's busiest airport, it's easy to find a buddy
pass. Delta Air Lines, which has about 25,000 Atlanta-based employees, annually
gives every employee eight buddy passes. AirTran Airways, which has 6,000 local
employees, issues six a year (employees will get two extra to use in September
and October).

The buddy pass, a common airline perk, allows the holder to fly standby at a
steeply discounted rate. The savings can be significant: coast-to-coast and back
for $100; to Ireland and back for less than $200.

But Dad was right, you get what you pay for.

Passengers with a buddy pass board only if there are no paying customers to take
those seats. A buddy pass traveler is the lowest priority. Even 200 pounds of
cargo gets priority over 200 pounds of buddy pass holder.

Fly with a buddy pass and you risk being stranded. Like Ming Han Chung.

"The flight from JFK to Berlin was perfect. Business class. Very, very nice,"
said Chung, who flew from Atlanta to New York before heading east across the
Atlantic Ocean.

Chung's July 29 flight home was canceled because of bad weather, and he was told
that because of the backlog he wouldn't be boarding the next day.

So he took a train to Frankfurt, then Dusseldorf, looking for a U.S.-bound plane
with empty seats.

"I spent an extra $200, $300 on train tickets around Germany," he said.

Chung spent nights at his friend's place in Berlin and days at airports.

"Luckily, I had enough vacation time saved up, although my boss was calling
every day [after July 29]," Chung said, adding he built in a couple of extra
days into his schedule to accommodate minor snags in getting a seat.

Finally, on Aug. 2, Chung gave Air Berlin $1,019 for a one-way ticket to Fort
Myers, Fla. On Aug. 3, he used a second buddy pass to get home to Atlanta.

While Chung's trip shows what can go wrong, there is a lot you can do to get
where you want to go, roughly when you want to go there, when flying with a
buddy pass.

Airline employees said that with the buddy pass they give out caveats and
warnings: You're the last one on the plane; there is a chance you might get
stranded.

"It just takes some common sense," said Fran Shockley, a Delta flight attendant
who has been sharing buddy passes for more than two decades.

Don't plan on flying out on Friday or returning on Sunday evening, said Shockley
and other buddy pass vets. Don't expect to drop into Vail during ski season or
Rome in the summer. Be flexible. Very flexible.

"You've got to know what Plan B is," said retired flight attendant Mary Towler
of Powder Springs.

Christine Solomon of Marietta booked a flight from Atlanta to Seattle for her
husband and two children using buddy passes. The three got bumped again and
again. Then the relative who provided the buddy passes advised that the surest
distance between two points isn't always a straight line.

"We wouldn't have thought of going to Houston to get to Seattle," said Solomon.

Another trick: Solomon used frequent flier miles to secure a guaranteed seat on
the return flight. The buddy pass worked for the return flight, so the $100 fee
for returning the miles into the bank was sort of like an insurance premium, she
said.

Knowing the risk associated with flying with a buddy pass, Solomon also said she
makes sure she can cancel without penalty hotel reservations, car rentals and
train tickets should she not get to where she is hoping to go.

All the uncertainty makes traveling with a buddy pass a bit nerve-wracking. Even
for the employees who pass them along.

"I make it my business to watch the progress of those using buddy passes I gave
them," said Fowler, who logs on to the computer to see if friends and relatives
have made it onto a flight.

A flight that appears to have plenty of empty seats the night before can fill up
before standby passengers board, so employees said they serve as on-call travel
agents to help buddy pass flyers find alternatives.

"I want it to be a good experience for everyone involved," Shockley said.

----------

TIPS

Taking to the sky with a buddy pass? Here is what you need to know, according to
experienced travelers:

* Dress for success. If you want to travel in business class, you can't do so in
sweatpants and flip-flops. Airline policy for use of buddy passes includes a
dress code.

* Be unfailingly polite and courteous to the gate agents. You have no clout, as
paying passengers might.

* Pack light. You travel with only carry-on luggage.

* Get online early and often. The airline Web sites can tell you how many empty
seats are on a flight. Check your flight before even leaving for the airport.
Things can change quickly.

* Don't use a buddy pass if you must make it to a destination for something like
a wedding or you have to be back home by Tuesday or get fired.

* Think long and hard about using a buddy pass for international travel.

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Graphic: WALTER CUMMING / StaffIllustration is a caricature of a man
holding a rope attached to a plane from the outside. Illustrating how discounted
flights can leave passangers using airline buddy passes stranded or struggling
to catch flights./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              999 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 21, 2005 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Flying First Class For Less Than Coach

BYLINE: Keith L. Alexander

SECTION: Financial; D01 , BUSINESS CLASS Keith L. Alexander

LENGTH: 872 words


A first-class seat selling for less than coach? Sounds like a traveler's dream
--  or a cruel hoax.

Some passengers are in fact finding seats in the front of the plane for prices
that should have landed them back with hoi polloi. Many carriers  --  seeking to
fill the entire plane  --  are heavily discounting first-class seats on
competitive routes.

"It's a chance to grab some market share or perhaps steal a customer from
another airline," said American Airlines spokesman Tim Smith.

Travel experts say airlines discount their first-class fares in an effort to get
revenue for a seat that might otherwise be filled by a passenger who upgraded
with frequent flier miles.

"It's a way to get a little more money out of a seat that you might not
otherwise get," said Heather Dolstra, vice president of District-based Democracy
Travel.

The first-class fares are not selling below the price of a discounted coach
seat. Rather, Dolstra pointed out, the cheap first-class seats are generally
priced less than full, last-minute fares in coach. Obviously, a bargain hunter
can find cheaper fares with more restrictions, such as advance purchase and
minimum stay requirements.

For example, a walk-up, round-trip, first-class seat on US Airways from
Washington to Los Angeles International Airport was available recently at
$2,003, while a full-fare coach ticket on the same flight was $3,085.

Northwest Airlines had a $1,313 round-trip, first-class fare from Washington to
Seattle, with a coach seat on the same flight selling for $2,378.

Delta Air Lines offered a $521 first-class fare to Atlanta and an $822 coach
seat on the same flight.

Before you scramble for a first-class fare, beware: You have to be quick  --
even lucky  --  to find one. The seats are particularly scarce from the outset
because, of course, there are many fewer first-class seats than coach on every
flight. And many of the first-class seats come with a raft of restrictions. For
example, they may require an advance purchase or a minimum night stay.

Continental Airlines spokesman David Messing said the cheaper fares are a result
of aggressive discounting by the airlines. "It's not a common occurrence, but it
is conceivable," he said.

Northwest Airlines spokesman Kurt Ebenhock said that as the coach section fills
up, some airlines may discount the first-class cabin.

"Just as there are a variety of discounted coach fares, there is more than one
first-class fare as well as a number of discounted business-class fares
internationally," Ebenhock said. "If a traveler is talking to reservations or a
travel agent, they should ask for lowest coach fare and lowest first-class fare
and compare the two."

Persistence is key, but even if business travelers find a dream fare, they may
not be allowed to use it because their company travel policies may prohibit
booking a first-class seat.

Michael H. Sommer, a Jacksonville, Fla.-based marketing consultant, found a $512
fare to Los Angeles on Continental Airlines over the Memorial Day weekend by
using the airline's toll-free reservation system. Although the fare was lower
than the $900 coach fare he found on the same flight, Sommer bought the more
expensive ticket. The reason: His client would not have approved of paying for a
first-class ticket, no matter what the ticket price.

"I would have had a lot of explaining to do," Sommer said. "My client would not
have understood and would have thought I was abusing their generosity."

A business traveler might be able to get approval for a first-class fare if the
passenger provides a written statement from a travel agent that the fare was
lower than the available coach fare.

For passengers who own their companies or have greater flexibility in their
travel purchases, cheaper first-class fares might be just the ticket. But
frequent fliers trying to upgrade their way into first class may not be quite so
happy; they may have to accept that the odds may be longer now for them to nab a
seat up front.

JetBlue Teams with American Express: JetBlue Airways and American Express Co.
announced plans yesterday to issue a co-branded charge card within the next
month.

It will be American Express's first co-branded card with a U.S. airline since it
teamed with Delta in 1995.

JetBlue American Express cardholders will be able to earn one mileage point for
every dollar spent. In addition, travelers will be able to earn bonus points
when they use their card depending on the type of purchase.

Details of the program, as well as the card's annual fee, won't be announced for
another month, executives said.

JetBlue chief executive David G. Neeleman said eight banks approached the
airline in hopes of creating a co-branded credit card. The card will be another
source of revenue for the airline since American Express pays JetBlue whenever a
cardholder redeems their frequent flier points for a free trip.

With many carriers struggling, few companies are rushing to the airline industry
for marketing relationships. But Al Kelly, group president of American Express
U.S. consumer and small-business services, said JetBlue has established a "loyal
customer base" which it believes should translate into a "successful
relationship."

LOAD-DATE: June 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Washington Post
