
                               1 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Letters: Salinas promotes illegality

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 877 words


Salinas promotes illegality

Historically there is no such thing as "illegal" in Salinas.

Salinas has promoted illegality for decades in the realm of undocumented
immigrants. So why would anyone think illegally occupying a shed would be
something to bat an eye over? If society marginalizes one law, they marginalize
all laws. Sadly Salinas is a demonstration of that ideal, and now a number of
people have to suffer the loss of property and housing because of the acceptance
of a shed that was occupied "illegally."

Jeffrey Woods
Monterey

Money for bag ban, but not gang violence

Salinas has no money left to increase efforts against gang violence without new
taxes, but money to join Monterey County in an environmental study of a ban on
plastic bags.

Apparently, it's more important to have a nanny city than a safe city.

Good to know.

Bob Taylor
Salinas

Florida's concealed weapon law to blame

I agree with George Zimmerman's defense attorney that Zimmerman had no intention
of having an altercation with Trayvon Martin when he interdicted him. And I
agree with Zimmerman's prosecutor that Martin had no intention of doing any
misdeeds on that fateful evening.

What caused this needless tragedy were decisions made by well intentioned,
though highly flawed, Florida state legislators to reduce the incidence of armed
robbery by passing a law that permits the carrying of a concealed weapon, then,
unwittingly, they increased the chance that a fatal confrontation, like this
would happen, by passing the "Stand your ground" statute.

Statistics have proved that nations that allow handguns to be owned by the
public, instead of being restricted to emotional stable law enforcement
personal, have a high number of gun-related deaths. If Zimmerman and the Martins
had resided in either the United Kingdom or Canada, Zimmerman would not now be
guilt-ridden and Martin would be alive today.

Jack Arnold
Carmel Valley

Give us facts, not supposition

After reading theJuly 31 letter by Joe Merritt concerning the trial of George
Zimmerman, I felt a need to respond to some of the outlandish statements that
were made without a basis of facts.

First of all, how is it known that George Zimmerman had his gun in hand long
before facing Trayvon Martin, who supposedly grabbed at the gun, missed but
managed to grab Zimmerman's clothes or wrist?

Next, Merritt assumes that all the martial arts blows received by Zimmerman were
directed at his head. Again, how is that known? Further, unless Merritt is a
doctor, how can he state the degree of severity that Zimmerman would have
incurred (a skull fracture, be stunned or unconscious and bleeding profusely)
given his statements to be true. What is offered as "proof" is merely
supposition.

Thankfully, our judicial system is based on facts and not supposition.

I have no opinion as to the guilt or innocence of Zimmerman; let the facts speak
for themselves.

As Joe Friday used to say, "just the facts ma'am."

Tom Mercurio
Salinas

Arts improve our quality of life

Many thanks to the Monterey County Herald and to writer Mike Hale for the
wonderful article "Artist's Mecca"in your July 21 Living Here special section .
You described the region as "an arts wonderland," and we agree!

In addition to all the amazing theater, dance, music and visual arts experiences
available that you wrote about on the Monterey Peninsula and Salinas, there are
also growing opportunities for everyone in North County (notably through Aromas
Hills Artisans) and South County (led by Sol Treasures in King City).

As noted in the article, the mission of the Arts Council for Monterey County is
to improve the quality of life in our region through the arts. In our 30-plus
years of service to the region, we have found over and over again that the arts
are the answer to solving the most intractable problems (such as blight,
juvenile justice and chronic pain) as well as to maximizing our greatest
opportunities (including innovation, education and cross-cultural
understanding).

The arts are truly magical, but great performances, classes, exhibitions and
festivals don't happen by magic alone!

To find out more and become more involved, see atwww.arts4mc.org or call us at
622-9060.

Paulette Lynch, executive director
Lynn Diebold, board president
Arts Council for Monterey County

An angel at the checkout line

Sadly, the way the world is today, one doesn't hear stories like the one I want
to share.

At 5:30 p.m. on July 7 at Save Mart I had the pleasure of being in front of a
young man at checkout. He had two tomatoes and a candy bar. I insisted that he
go ahead of me and he kindly said no, he would wait and enjoy talking to me.
Wow! I wish my adult kids felt that way.

I proceeded to tell him to go ahead after the nice compliment and he did.

I said "have a nice evening" as he left and he smiled.

I stepped up to the checker and she was holding up a $20 bill stating the
gentleman had told her to put it on my grocery bill.

I was shocked and looked back quickly but he had disappeared. I hurried to the
parking lot to thank him but the angel had disappeared. I got in my car and shed
tears of thanks. His small gesture, not the monetary but the kindness, revived
my faith in humanity.

God bless him. I pray he reads the editorials.

I wonder what his name was.

Valerie Sumners
Monterey

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Editorial cartoon

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                               2 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            October 14, 2008 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Same-Sex Marriage and the Rights of Citizenship

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 293 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Gay Marriage Is Ruled Legal in Connecticut'' (front page, Oct. 11):

The Connecticut Supreme Court deserves praise for acknowledging, as other states
that allow same-sex marriage have not, the constitutional principles that
compelled the justices to guarantee all consenting adult Americans the right to
enjoy the freedoms and bear the responsibilities of citizenship, including
marriage.

Peter Wolfgang, executive director of the Family Institute of Connecticut, which
opposes the ruling, could not be more correct when he says: ''This is about our
right to govern ourselves. It is bigger than gay marriage.''

With Friday's ruling, the Connecticut Supreme Court recognized exactly that.

Yvonne Bruce

Cleveland, Oct. 12, 2008

To the Editor:

Re ''Separate Is Not Equal'' (editorial, Oct. 11): In a few weeks, Californians
could put same-sex relationships back into the closets, if Proposition 8 passes
and discrimination is written into our Constitution.

Same-sex couples have never sought to take away or marginalize the marriage
rights of others. It would be unjust for others to marginalize same-sex
relationships. Will Californians stand for justice, or closets?  James Patterson

San Francisco, Oct. 11, 2008

To the Editor:

I am a laicized Jesuit priest. It has always been my understanding that marriage
is a union between a man and a woman for mutual support and for the procreation
of children. Since same-sex unions cannot result in procreation, I believe it is
impossible for the Roman Catholic Church to recognize such unions as a marriage.

I do not address the morality of same-sex unions, but I do not believe the word
marriage is properly applied to such relationships.  Frank Reardon

Olathe, Kan., Oct. 11, 2008

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                               3 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                           November 1, 2008 Saturday

LDS Church unchanging

BYLINE: Public Forum Letter

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; Opinion

LENGTH: 182 words


Some Latter-day Saints claim their church's stance on California's Proposition 8
marginalizes them, or their political party ("Church's stand on California's
Prop. 8 marginalizes Mormon Democrats," Tribune, Oct. 29). How can this be when
the LDS Church's position has never changed? It was formally communicated in
1995 in "The Family: A Proclamation to the World" and was generally understood
among church members long before that. So it should come as no great shock that
church leaders are re-affirming what has always been said.

Some within the LDS Church (of both political parties) harbor serious misgivings
on this issue. Some of these choose to follow the prophet, in spite of those
misgivings, and that truly requires faith. Their resolve and commitment under
such circumstances is the very definition of what it means to live one's
religion. Others choose to come out in open opposition.

The church's position has never changed, so, by definition, it has not
marginalized its members (whatever their political affiliation). Some are
choosing to marginalize themselves.

Wade Ashton

Payson

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                               4 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             April 26, 2002 Friday

Q & A:

SECTION: IN GEAR; Pg. 3G

LENGTH: 433 words


Q. I was disappointed with your review of the Honda Civic gas/electric hybrid
and your need to marginalize anyone who might be interested in
conservation/environment.

Your review seemed generally favorable; the rather negative tone of your
repeated references to "tree huggers" left the impression you viewed this as a
car for far-left-wing environmental extremists. You missed the opportunity to
portray the new Civic as a practical and reasonably economical alternative for
families to conserve energy without sacrificing performance, interior room or
features.

I don't consider myself a "tree hugger," but I do see a great need for education
in this area. The media has enormous influence as well as educational
responsibility. When you marginalize a quality vehicle that has the potential to
help raise public environmental consciousness, you abrogate your responsibility.
-- J.V., Naperville, Ill.

A. Abrogate? Marginalize? And you find fault with "tree huggers." If you hadn't
let your eyes glaze over when reading the term "tree huggers" (used twice in the
column, the same number of times you used it in your letter), you would have
found we said the Civic hybrid should raise public awareness of the benefits of
gas/electric power in obtaining greater mileage and lower emissions in a vehicle
that holds four adults comfortably and doesn't look like it was designed for a
sci-fi flick.

Your definition of educate seems to be standing at the pulpit to preach the
gospel according to environmentalists. Our opinion is that if environmentalists
practiced what they preached and put their money where their rhetoric is, Honda
could sell 100,000 hybrid Civics annually, not 24,000 as planned.

Q. What percentage interest does GM charge dealers for their floor plan
inventories? I heard that it was 1 point over prime. -- T.S., Joliet, Ill.

A Floor planning refers to the interest GM dealers pay GMAC, the automaker's
financing subsidiary, for the loans to acquire inventory for their stores. The
floor planning charge varies by dealer based on such factors as whether the
dealer has been a customer for many years and pays his bills on time or whether
the dealer is new or perhaps said the check is in the mail one too many times.
Is the dealer asking you to help pay off his factory loan? When he asks you to
kick in for his mortgage, too, you may want to shop elsewhere.

Send questions about cars and trucks to Jim Mateja, Chicago Tribune, 700 N.
Milwaukee Ave., Suite 135, Vernon Hills, IL 60061-1523, or send e-mail,
including name and hometown, to jmateja@tribune.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                     Copyright 2002 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                               5 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                            October 18, 2004 Monday

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR; Pg. A-9

LENGTH: 1442 words


LIVING-WAGE AMENDMENT MARGINALIZES YOUTH

The City Council will be deciding on a proposed amendment to the living-wage
bill that would exempt young people

(18 and under) in seasonal or temporary employment.

As a 23-year-old native Santa Fean, I have been a young person in this city and
it is difficult. This city often treats young people as a nuisance or a problem
rather than as a source of our community's vibrancy.

To pass this bill would be yet another clear statement to our young people that
we don't care about them, which would only further alienate and marginalize this
city's youth. This bill would affect people who use summer jobs to pay for
college or to help their families out.

If this city is serious about supporting a living wage for all working people,
then we must not begin stripping away who is protected and create loopholes
enabling employers to pay poverty wages to youth rather than the living wage to
all.

Tobe Bott-Lyons

Santa Fe

Domestic-well bill

It was a delight to read The New Mexican's editorial of Sept. 12. This editorial
spoke of Gov. Bill Richardson's support of a domestic-well bill that would give
the state engineer the authority to limit new domestic wells in areas of weak
and threatened aquifers.

During recent legislative sessions, many of us have strongly supported similar
legislation sponsored by Rep. Lucky Varela and Sen. Carlos Cisneros, both of
Northern New Mexico. Without this bill, wells already in use run a higher risk
of going dry in these critical areas, and existing property rights and values
may weaken.

Karen Walker

Santa Fe

Bush analysis

In Bush on the Couch, Dr. Justin A. Frank, clinical professor of psychiatry at
George Washington University Medical Center, diagnoses George W. Bush as a
sadistic, paranoid megalomaniac. It is the nation's "collective denial," Frank
says, that put Bush in his "uniquely favored position of power." Our only option
is remove Bush from office "before it is too late."

Betty Folmar

Santa Fe

Animals, Legislature

Regarding the editorial of Sept. 26, I agree education is key to a compassionate
standard for animals in New Mexico -- but how are we New Mexicans supposed to
teach awareness and respect toward other sentient beings if our own Legislature
elects to condone the obvious animal abuse inherent in blood sports such as
cockfighting? How hypocritical. Are we to defend or condone abusive conduct in
some instances and not others?

Unfortunately, sanctuaries and education are not enough. We need laws in place
in order to achieve a higher standard of treatment for animals in the Land of
Enchantment. Lessons of compassion are not exclusionary.

M. Gordon

Tesuque

Issues of trust

Presidential candidate Kerry has consistently voted pro-abortion as senator. He
promises to defend America, but, if he won't defend one helpless child who is
about to have its brains sucked out of its head, how can we trust him? We are
registered Democrats who will not vote for Kerry.

Ed and Lucille Leyba

Peñasco

Culture, cockfighting

The defense that cockfighting is a Hispanic cultural heritage, as your editorial
of Sept. 26 suggests, is not only inaccurate but worn out. This argument has
been used over and over again all over the country.

The Cajun community supporting this inhumane activity in Louisiana claims it is
their cultural heritage. The same strategy was used when dog fighting was
challenged. Just because cockfighting has been going on for decades in New
Mexico does not make it a cultural tradition. The neglect and abuse of pets
mentioned in your article has been around for generations, too, but that doesn't
mean it is our Hispanic heritage. The abuse of animals in blood sports is a
serious issue and needs to be addressed.

J. Mendonca

Santa Fe

Fish tales ...

A brief comment about your Sept. 23 editorial, "Assault weapons, heck; go after
handguns": If we as a society pick and choose which constitutional freedoms to
honor, or selectively choose which portions of such freedoms to respect, none of
our cherished rights are secure.

Just think -- if fiction were banned from First Amendment protection, then both
The Santa Fe New Mexican and CBS would be out of business.

Nancy H. Parker

Santa Fe

A vote for Nader ...

My grandfather made me promise I'd cut my arm off before I voted for the GOP.
But the Democrats have nominated a pro-war candidate and pulled every sleazy
trick to keep Nader off the ballot. It's not going to be easy to tie my shoes,
but I'm just going to have to get used to being a one-armed man.

Daniel J. O'Neil

Santa Fe

Whose ox?

For almost four years we've listened to accusations that George Bush "stole the
election." Now the same people who screamed about voters being disenfranchised
in Florida are arranging to disenfranchise anyone who might vote for Ralph Nader
in New Mexico. They are not interested in a fair election with every vote
counted -- only those who vote for their candidate.

Joette Trofimuk

Galisteo

What's needed now

The past is history. Bush and Kerry need to focus on today and the future, and
pay attention to American needs such as a stronger economy, more jobs, fair
wages, better education, increased Social Security, universal medical care,
environmental protection, counterterrorism, and regaining respect with foreign
nations. Vote Kerry/Edwards.

Susan D. Mayes

Santa Fe

Dangerous joke

Is it arrogance or are they really as corrupt as we believe? Is that why the
corporate media continue, seemingly unaware that we're onto them? We get stories
about Cat Stevens -- by their depiction turned him into a raving Muslim lunatic.
He advocated the killing of Salman Rushdie, the networks tell us, providing a
clip of Stevens stating what the Koran says. The conclusion the networks jumped
to was the equivalent of saying that if I quoted the Old Testament, I favored
"an eye for an eye," when, in fact, I do not. Then we get the media's deafening
silence, even collusion, as Twig depicts Iraq's "president" as other than a
puppet, by sheer coincidence here just before our own election to put on a show
about the new "democracy" in Iraq -- never mind that there's been no election.
Our national media coverage is a joke -- a dangerous joke.

Helen K. Hughes

Santa Fe

Follow the money

Coached by Karl Rove, the Bush administration and close supporters have given
themselves permission to lie in concert. Voters need to pay attention to recent
Republican whistleblowers -- e.g., Paul O'Neill, Richard Clarke, Joe Wilson.
Money is going away from the common good -- health, education, home security --
toward corporations and the country's wealthiest.

Pat Chapman

Santa Fe

Two local gems

This is in praise of two of Santa Fe's finest. Recently, we were hosting our son
and 21Ú2-year-old granddaughter from Texas.

At the Farmer's Market we shared eats, treats, flowers, music and happy faces.
Our little one had a great time. She especially enjoyed listening to young
people playing the bongo drums and other fast-paced instruments. Next we spent
hours at the Children's Museum on Old Pecos Trail. What a marvelous place that
is. There were all ages there, having the most fun with things to build and
climb and investigate inside and outside the building. There are many "hands-on"
activities. One joy was seeing one of the young musicians from the Farmers
Market helping youngsters climb a wall. A positive, safe, joyful place, the
Children's Museum is a Santa Fe treasure. Hold onto it and treat it well.

Shelly Harrell

Santa Fe

Bus business

With regard to advertisements on our city buses, Don Templeton wrote (letter,
Sept. 27): "The overwhelming response from members of the business community --
and many others I've spoken to -- has been positive."

Of course the business community would have positive responses; it's their
rubbish that's on the buses. But without us ordinary folks there wouldn't be a
bus system and the city couldn't survive. The city could afford to keep the
transit system on the road if top management wasn't paid such high salaries
(that they don't deserve) and the constant, costly lawsuits against the city
would cease. From where I stand, the buses look distasteful and disgusting.

Julian Sanchez

Santa Fe

Forward this!

While the United States Postal Service diligently sees to it that I receive a
couple of tons of unwanted junk mail a year, when I sent an important letter to
Texas, the USPS in Texas returned the letter, informing me, via a sticker, that
the forwarding address was expired. They included the correct address.
Considering that the very survival of "snail mail" is threatened by electronic
mail, wouldn't it have made a lot more sense to just deliver the letter rather
than run it in circles?

Jason C. Lucero

Santa Fe

LOAD-DATE: March 10, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The New Mexican


                               6 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 11, 2015 Sunday
                             Politifact.com Edition

UNDERSTANDING THE FREEDOM CAUCUS DIVIDE WITH HOUSE REPUBLICANS

BYLINE: LINDA QIU

SECTION: POLITIFACT

LENGTH: 1149 words


Says Republican Rep. Charlie Dent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the
Republican conference "for voting our conscience."

- Dave Brat on Sunday, October 11th, 2015 in comments on "Meet the Press"

* * *

The Ruling: FALSE

Encapsulating the divide and chaos in the GOP, the conservative who defeated
former Majority Leader Eric Cantor and a moderate Republican duked it out on
NBC's Meet the Press.

Following Cantor's defeat and John Boehner's announcement that he would step
down as speaker, the insurgent wing of the party claimed their third victory
when California Rep. Kevin McCarthy withdrew from the race to replace Boehner.
Republicans, however, have yet to agree on a new leader as the infighting
continues.

Rep. David Brat of Virginia, Cantor's replacement and a member of the
conservative Freedom Caucus, blasted the establishment for caving to Democrats
and President Barack Obama, while Rep. Charlie Dent, R-Penn., expressed
frustration that the hard right refuses to govern. ("A pox on both your wings!"
chimed in conservative radio host Hugh Hewitt.)

Here's a part of their Oct. 11 exchange:

Brat: "I follow the American people. Charlie here wants us to follow, like a
caucus or whatever. He wants to kick us out of our conference for voting our
conscience."

Dent: "I don't want to do that."

Brat: "You're on the record last week saying it."

CROSSTALK

Brat: "I've got quotes. Find your own damn - it's Sunday morning."

Dent: "That's an outrageous thing to say."

Brat: "No, it's absolutely true."

Dent: "That's not true."

Brat: "You said we 'need to be punished,' end quotes."

Dent: "No, I said we should marginalize people who don't want to govern."

We were curious about Brat's claim that Dent wants to give the Freedom Caucus
the boot. Neither Brat nor his office got back to us with the "quotes." Dent
told us he never made such a statement, but suggested Brat may have been
confusing him with California Rep. Devin Nunes, a Republican and Boehner and
McCarthy ally.

"I would strongly encourage those who don't want to be part of a caucus
structure in our own party - they should go form their own party," Nunes told
Breitbart.

Dent, for his part, said he's never endorsed that position.

"I don't think that's a good idea. My view on this is you have to work around
them," Dent told us in an interview. "I have said the leadership should try to
marginalize those individuals, not by excommunicating them or by punishing them.
You negotiate a bipartisan agreement and you make them less relevant. That's
what we've done."

The record supports Dent. We searched three databases - Lexis Nexis, CQ and
Google News - and couldn't find any instance of Dent saying he wants to expel or
punish the Freedom Caucus.

That doesn't mean Dent is a fan of the Freedom Caucus. He repeatedly calls them
"rejectionists" and calls for the party to marginalize them and not "appease"
their "unreasonable demands." He said they "fragged" Boehner and McCarthy. And
he insinuated that they're part of the reason why Republicans "don't have 218
votes for a bathroom break."

Here's a round-up of comments made by Dent this past week:

o Oct. 9 News Max: "The Freedom Caucus, typically, does represent the more
rejectionist wing of the party."

o Oct. 9 CNN: "The Freedom Caucus has used tactics that I believe have
undermined conservative principles.

o Oct. 9 CNN: "What I've said all along is simply marginalize those members up
front. Go out and negotiate your -- negotiate what you have to negotiate just
like we did on the Medicare reimbursement to physicians, the SGR."

o Oct. 8 MSNBC: "We also have the Freedom Caucus. ... I said before John Boehner
stepped down, the same people who are trying to take down John Boehner were
gonna try to frag the next guy. And that's what happened today.

o Oct. 8 CNN: "In my view, sometime to marginalize those members, you know, who
don't want to be part of the governing majority. ... And I don't think that any
of our leaders should make accommodations to those who are going to make
unreasonable demands."

o Oct. 8 MSNBC: "Same members who wanted to take down John Boehner just fragged
Kevin McCarthy. ... Whoever's going to be the next speaker should not appease
this group of rejectionists, who have no interest in governing. They can simply
not get to yes. The perfect will always be the enemy of the good to them, so we
just have to deal with the reality as it is."

o Oct. 8 NPR: "I mean, it was pretty clear there were a group of members - some
said as many as 50 - you know, who were not going to support (McCarthy) on the
House floor. ... The same thing could happen for speaker, where we may need to
assemble a bipartisan coalition to elect the next speaker."

o Oct. 6 Rolling Stone: "There are a lot of folks in our conference who have a
very difficult time getting to 'yes' on anything. ... On any issue of great
consequence around here, we on the Republican side don't have 218 votes for a
bathroom break! So we always need a bipartisan coalition."

So it's clear that there's no love lost between Dent and the Freedom Caucus, but
Brat takes the claim a bit too far, an expert told us.

"Mr. Brat exaggerates what Mr. Dent said, as he doesn't literally advocate
'kicking them out' of the Republican conference," said Kathleen Kendall, a
professor of political communication at the University of Maryland. "This
exchange between Reps. Brat and Dent illustrated the sharp divide between two
wings of the Republicans in the House."

Despite his differences with the Freedom Caucus, Dent told us he wants the party
to be open to everybody and he doesn't object to people "voting their
conscience," as Brat put it. He noted, however, that Freedom Caucus members
"talk a big game" as they sometimes side with Democrats as part of their
obstructionist tactics.

"Yes of course they should be able to vote their conscience," he said. "I
understand conscience votes - I get that, I understand and respect it. But some
point that seems to me that you want to be part of a governing majority or you
don't."

---

Our ruling

Brat said, Republicans like Dent want to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the
Republican conference "for voting our conscience."

Dent is critical of the Freedom Caucus but he told us he does not want to
excommunicate them, nor could we find evidence that he's expressed the desire to
in the past.

Brat may have been getting his moderate Republicans mixed up. It was Rep. Devin
Nunes who suggested dissatisfied hardliners form their own party. We rate Brat's
claim False.

* * *

About this statement:

Published: Sunday, October 11th, 2015 at 5:00 p.m.

Researched by: Linda Qiu

Edited by: Aaron Sharockman

Subjects: Congress, Congressional Rules

Sources:

Interview with Rep. Charlie Dent, Oct. 11, 2015

Email interview with Kathleen Kendall, professor of communication at the
University of Maryland, Oct. 11, 2015

NBC, Meet the Press Transcript, Oct. 11, 2015

CQ search

Nexis search

Google search

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - Screengrab: U.S. Reps. Charlie Dent, left, and Dave Brat on
"Meet the Press." PHOTO (2)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                               7 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                              April 6, 2014 Sunday

A Cynical Push For 'Official' Language

BYLINE: Gil Smart / Smart Remarks

SECTION: P; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 607  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Last week we invoked the idea of the hunter becoming the hunted, the fact that
Christian conservatives who once ruled the political and societal roost and
could marginalize gays, ensuring they could never marry (among other things)
have found themselves routed, their once-dominant opinions rejected by a growing
portion of society.

And there is, I noted, a lesson in this: Discriminate not, lest ye be
discriminated against.

But for some on the right, it's a lesson that doesn't take. It never seems to
dawn on them that conditions, that society itself, could change, and the
punitive measures they seek to pass today could one day bite them on the
collective overfed derriere.

And so it was entirely unsurprising that Republican members of the Pennsylvania
Legislature, including Rep. Dave Hickernell of West Donegal Township, are
backing a new measure to make English the "official" language of Pennsylvania.

The arguments are all couched in nondiscriminatory rhetoric; no, it's not that
we want to punish Spanish speakers. Rather, it's that they'll be so much better
off if they learn English! They can advance economically, better realize the
American dream! And anyway, this is about government efficiency! It costs money
to print state forms in 3 zillion languages!

All of this may be true as far as it goes. But are we to believe that this is
the core rationale behind this legislation?

Please.

This is a xenophobic measure, designed to appeal to a certain element, meant to
ding those who - for now, and we'll come back to that later - are in the
minority. Let's marginalize people who don't speak English. And let's be honest,
the second part of that sentence will never be uttered by a Respectable
Republican, but I'll do so, is this: If you speak only Spanish, you're probably
here illegally. And maybe a law like this will force you to get out.

But there are several pragmatic problems with this proposal. We do realize, of
course, that people born in Puerto Rico are U.S. citizens, correct? The dominant
language in Puerto Rico is Spanish. So someone could come to Lancaster County
from Puerto Rico, but if they speak only Spanish, when they get here the message
basically is: Too bad, so sad. You may be a citizen, but we'll gladly treat you
as if you aren't. We'll gladly marginalize you on the basis of the language you
speak, and the one you don't.

Beyond this, do we think that people who come here and don't speak English don't
realize that this puts them at a disadvantage?

I also like how the proposal, which emanates from Butler County Rep. Daryl
Metcalfe, would continue to print tourism information in other languages. See,
we don't want 'em to live here - but we'll take their money if they want to
visit!

But it should be noted that all of this takes place against a backdrop of a
diversifying society. You've seen, no doubt, that Latinos are expected to
constitute an outright majority in California this year. By 2043, Census data
suggests non-Hispanic whites will no longer be a majority in the country as a
whole.

Will there come a day when non-Hispanic whites are a minority even in
Pennsylvania? Could be. And make no mistake, this proposed legislation is one
reaction to that possibility.

But demographics are destiny. And despite the fact that it's patently unjust to
discriminate against non-English speakers, we also must ask: What happens if, or
when, those non-English speakers outnumber the aggrieved white people who back
legislation like this?

Do you think, once again, the hunters may become the hunted?

And so do you think the hunters might want to bear this in mind, even as they go
about sharpening their spears?

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gil Smart Smart Remarks

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2014 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                               8 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         La Crosse Tribune (Wisconsin)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                             January 9, 2015 Friday

Burke contends feminism marginalizes men, fosters abuse

BYLINE: Mike Tighe, La Crosse Tribune, Wis.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 784 words


Jan. 09--Cardinal Raymond Burke blames radical feminism for many problems
perceived in the Catholic Church, including clergy sexual abuse of boys and the
decline in vocations to the priesthood.

Confusion about men's identity and roles has festered for 50 years, the former
bishop of the La Crosse Diocese is quoted as saying in an interview with Matthew
James Christoff, founder of the New Emangelization Project, a men's ministry
initiative.

"It's due to a number of factors, but the radical feminism which has assaulted
the church and society since the 1960s has left men very marginalized," Burke
said.

"Unfortunately, the radical feminist movement strongly influenced the church,
leading the church to constantly address women's issues at the expense of
addressing critical issues important to men," Burke told Christoff during the
interview, conducted when Burke was in La Crosse last month to celebrate the
feast day of the Shrine of Guadalupe he founded when he was bishop.

Burke declined an interview with the Tribune during that visit, saying he
couldn't fit it into his schedule.

"The goodness and importance of men became very obscured and, for all practical
purposes, were not emphasized at all," Burke told Christoff.

Christoff, who lives in the Minneapolis area, converted to Catholicism in 2006
and founded the project in 2013 "to help the church confront the Catholic
'man-crisis,'" according to the project's website. "There can be no New
Evangelization without a New Emangelization, creating generations of Catholic
men who are on fire for Jesus Christ and His Holy Catholic Church."

Because of the "man-crisis," Burke said, the church became "very feminized.
Women are wonderful, of course. They respond very naturally to the invitation to
be active in the church. Apart from the priest, the sanctuary has become full of
women.

"The activities in the parish and even the liturgy have been influenced by women
and have become so feminine in many places that men do not want to get
involved," he said.

Men opt out early in life, the former archbishop of St. Louis said, adding, "The
introduction of girl servers also led many boys to abandon altar service. Young
boys don't want to do things with girls. It's just natural."

The Vatican approved girl servers in 1983, a decision that was reaffirmed in
1994, with the notation that boy servers should be encouraged because that role
was viewed as an apprenticeship of sorts for the priesthood.

In July 1994, La Crosse Bishop John Paul decreed that females could serve at the
altar, at the discretion of the pastor.

When Burke was bishop of La Crosse, he advanced regulations during a diocesan
synod in 2000 that only males could serve at pontifical Masses, which are those
where a bishop presides, according to diocesan records. The reason cited was the
vocational connection and the possibility of the bishop becoming acquainted with
young men who might be interested in the priesthood.

The synod stipulated, "The practice of having only male servers for the
pontifical ceremonies, as a means for the Diocesan Bishop to promote vocations
to the priesthood, is to be continued."

Burke contended in the interview that the advent of female servers reduced
priestly vocations.

But recently, he said, "We can also see that our seminaries are beginning to
attract many strong young men who desire to serve God as priests. The new crop
of young men are manly and confident about their identity.

"This is a welcome development, for there was a period of time when men who were
feminized and confused about their own sexual identity had entered the
priesthood," Burke said. "Sadly, some of these disordered men sexually abused
minors -- a terrible tragedy for which the church mourns."

Burke also acknowledges the abuse of women, saying, "Everyone understands that
women have and can be abused by men. Men who abuse women are not true men, but
false men who have violated their own manly character by being abusive to
women."

Many men don't go to confession today because the concept of sin has
disappeared, said Burke, who was demoted last fall from his position as head of
the Vatican's highest court after making remarks critical of Pope Francis.

"The denial of sin was a breakdown in the sense of what is demanded of men as
men of Christ," Burke told Christoff in the 3,670-word interview, the full
transcript of which is available at www.newemangelization.com.

To repair that rift, priests must re-engage men in the importance of the Mass,
the family, modesty and their roles as fathers, Burke said.

___ (c)2015 the La Crosse Tribune (La Crosse, Wis.) Visit the La Crosse Tribune
(La Crosse, Wis.) at www.lacrossetribune.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20150109-LQ-Burke-contends-feminism-marginalizes
-men-fosters-abuse-0109-20150109

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LQ


                        Copyright 2015 La Crosse Tribune


                               9 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 3, 2011 Wednesday
                                 METRO EDITION

Readers Write

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 847 words


ANOKA-HENNEPIN

District's policy cannot be considered neutral

Although I am happy that the Anoka-Hennepin school district has started to make
strides toward chipping away at a policy that is neither neutral nor
pedagogically sound ("District at center of storm over bullying," July 31), much
of the news coverage and discussions within the district are missing an
important point: So long as sexual orientation is not allowed to be a part of
the curriculum when appropriate, the district is failing to teach students
important concepts. This is not neutral and further marginalizes gay, lesbian,
bisexual and transgender individuals and groups.

Teachers' hands should not be tied by a policy that would prevent them from
including relevant material to help students learn. What harm occurs if students
learn about Stonewall in their 10th-grade U.S. history class when it is
incredibly relevant and fits within the curricular theme of a civil-rights unit
of the 1960s and '70s? None. What harm exists when students do not learn?
Ignorance, at the very least, and more likely intolerance from the message that
it is OK to marginalize people who are not even worthy of our history books.

DAN BORDWELL, Plymouth

Vikings stadium

Sorry, Farmers Market site is already in use

Recently there has been renewed discussion about putting a Minnesota Vikings
stadium at the Farmers Market site in Minneapolis. According to people lobbying
for a Minneapolis stadium, the Farmers Market site is just sitting there
waiting.

There's one big problem with that idea that seems to be ignored by all parties.
The Farmers Market site is not vacant. It is home to the Minneapolis Farmers
Market. Every Saturday and Sunday, thousands of people come to the market to buy
fresh produce from local, independent farmers; to buy crafts from local,
independent artisans, and to enjoy a unique and remarkable family friendly
atmosphere. It is truly a gem in the middle of the city.

It would be a shame if this market were crushed under the weight of a Vikings
stadium. Once again, corporate interests would win a victory over independent
interests, and a truly remarkable urban experience would be lost forever. Go
ahead and build the stadium. Just build it on the Metrodome site or in Arden
Hills and leave the Farmers Market alone.

BLAIR MOE, ST. LOUIS PARK

Motorcycles

You don't have to wear helmet, but you should

Sobering statistics in the July 29 paper regarding the increase in motorcycle
deaths so far this year. Unfortunately, this is not surprising to me. With the
price of gas, more people are turning to a less expensive alternative.

We require automobile drivers to wear a seat belt to protect themselves. Get on
a motorcycle, and you are totally on your own. Minnesota law does not require a
helmet. I know that it can get hot and uncomfortable, but I ask you to think
about this: You are driving that bike at 30 to 65 miles per hour (or more). My
father died walking in his driveway when he fell and hit his head. What happens
to your head at the higher rate of speeds? Not something I care to see or even
think about. No one plans to crash, but your safe driving doesn't guarantee
getting to your destination without incident.

Please, for the sake of those you love, wear a helmet when you get on your bike
-- be it a motorcycle or a bicycle. Your friends don't? Well, show them who the
smart one in the group is. Protect yourself and your family and wear a helmet!

Kim Heikes, Hutchinson, Minn.

COFFEE

An up-and-coming city shouldn't drink swill

Minneapolis' ranking as the No. 1 cyclist city in the United States stunned and
shocked residents of Portland, Ore., and left them up in arms over their
dethroning. As with the cyclist ranking, Minneapolis is rapidly moving up in the
ranks of public transportation. Within a decade, the city could take yet another
title from Portland.

Minneapolis is rapidly giving Portland a run for its money, but one item is
overlooked: coffee and espresso. Yes, that amazing product that requires
delicate care from the species of the plants used, the picking process, the
roasting process, the preparation by passionate and highly trained baristas, and
all of the intermediate processes that culminate in the final product you find
in front of you. As for ranking the coffee roasters in Minneapolis, only one
truly gives Portland roasters a run for their money: the Dogwood Coffee Company.

After trying roaster after roaster and coffee shop after coffee shop in
Minneapolis, I was exhausted. Minneapolis has all of the important things any
Portlander would require, except for a consistently perfect cup of coffee or
delicately developed espresso. I stumbled into Dogwood's coffee bar with taste
buds screaming for a good espresso, much as I have at other shops around the
Twin Cities. And then it all changed with that first sip -- I was home.

Thank you, Dogwood, for renewing my belief in Twin Cities roasters and coffee
shops. As the city's coffee and espresso culture grows, I urge roasters to
continue to take the time and care with coffee that Dogwood does.

KATE MORAN, MINNEAPOLIS

LOAD-DATE: August 3, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              10 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                           January 7, 2015 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Final Edition

Watson: Pro-GOP Senate rule likely

BYLINE: Chuck Lindell American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: METRO; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 346 words


Shortly after the Texas Legislature convenes next Tuesday, the Senate is likely
to approve a rule designed to make it easier for Republicans to pass
legislation, state Sen. Kirk Watson, D-Austin, said Tuesday.

Watson, head of the Senate Democratic Caucus, said Republicans appear to have
enough votes to change a longstanding rule that requires 21 senators to agree
before a bill can be voted on.

The proposed tweak - dropping the requirement to 19 votes of the body's 31
senators - is "just enough to marginalize the Democrats," Watson said in a
Tuesday email to constituents.

With 20 Republican senators set to take the oath of office Tuesday, the proposed
change is based on "a pretty cynical calculation," Watson said.

The voting change is strongly supported by Lt. Gov.-elect Dan Patrick, who will
take office Jan. 20.

The Senate typically votes on its rules during the first or second day of each
session, but this time the rules vote will be delayed until Patrick takes
office, said Lt. Gov. David Dewhurst, who will gavel the session to order on
Tuesday.

"Lt. Gov.-elect Patrick has asked that they wait until after he's sworn in to
set the rules," said Dewhurst, who agreed to the request.

The 21-vote rule, also known as the two-thirds rule, was designed to be a check
on majority power by requiring senators to collaborate to advance legislation,
Watson said.

"The two-thirds rule has been negatively portrayed by some as a way for the
Democratic minority to prevent votes on legislation important to Republicans.
But in truth, it's been the relatively rare bill where the split was purely
partisan," he said. "Mostly, senators have negotiated with their colleagues of
both parties to build consensus.... The end result has been better legislation
and public policy."

In recent legislative sessions, however, politically contentious issues were
often decided in special sessions, when Dewhurst operated without invoking the
two-thirds rule, allowing votes on such issues as tighter abortion regulations
or voter ID.

Contact Chuck Lindell

at 512-912-2569.

Twitter: @chucklindell

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH



CORRECTION: A caption accompanying a photo of state Sen. Kirk Watson on Page B6
of Wednesday's Metro & State section mischaracterized Watson's statement about
the impact of a potential rule change in the Senate. Watson does not "hope" that
the rule marginalizes Democrats, as the caption said; rather, he was critical of
Republicans who he said want to change the rules "to marginalize the Democrats."


PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              11 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            The Daily Star (Lebanon)

                           November 12, 2015 Thursday

Assad foes dismiss Russian proposal for resolving crisis

LENGTH: 838 words


Opposition figures and Gulf commentators dismissed Wednesday a Russian draft
proposal for a process to solve the Syrian crisis, saying Moscow's aim was to
keep President Bashar Assad in power and marginalize dissenting voices.

BEIRUT/DUBAI: Opposition figures and Gulf commentators dismissed Wednesday a
Russian draft proposal for a process to solve the Syrian crisis, saying Moscow's
aim was to keep President Bashar Assad in power and marginalize dissenting
voices.

Separately, Saudi Arabia's foreign minister said that if Assad's departure were
not completed peacefully, it would be achieved militarily, although he did not
address the Russian proposal.

A draft document seen by Reuters Tuesday showed Moscow would like Damascus and
unspecified opposition groups to agree on launching a constitutional reform
process of up to 18 months, followed by early presidential elections.

Russia, which with Iran has been Assad's top ally during Syria's nearly
five-year conflict, has denied any document is being prepared before a second
round of international peace talks in Vienna this week.

The text does not rule out Assad's participation in an early presidential
election, something his enemies say is impossible if there is to be peace.

"The Syrian people have never accepted the dictatorship of Assad and they will
not accept that it is reintroduced or reformulated in another way," said Monzer
Akbik, member of the Western-backed Syrian National Coalition.

"The Russians are now trying to play the game they have been playing since
Geneva," he told Reuters, referring to United Nations-led peace talks that
collapsed in 2014.

Speaking to reporters in New York, Britain's Ambassador to the U.N. Matthew
Rycroft played down the significance of the Russian proposal while welcoming
Moscow's active involvement in trying to find an end to the Syria conflict.

"The eight-point plan itself is not central to the discussions in Vienna but
Russia is," Rycroft said.

Russia began airstrikes in Syria six weeks ago after insurgents edged closer to
government-held areas vital to Assad. It has also stepped up its diplomatic
efforts to resolve the conflict that has killed hundreds of thousands and
displaced millions.

Intense fighting took place Wednesday between regime forces, their allies and
ISIS near the Kweiris air base in Aleppo province, a day after the army broke a
siege imposed by the militant group since 2013.

The Syrian Observatory for Human Right said regime forces gained control over
the nearby village of Jdeidet Arbid.

Elsewhere, heavy clashes also broke out between the Syrian army and ISIS around
Deir al-Zor air base.

Hadi al-Bahra, a member of the coalition's political committee, dismissed the
idea of holding elections under the current system. "How can the elections be
fair when the citizens inside Syria are afraid of retaliation from the security
services of the regime?" he said.

The United States, its allies in the Gulf Cooperation Council and Turkey have
also all said he must leave power for there to be peace.

"The Russians are basically trying to wiggle out of Geneva," said Mustafa Alani,
director of defense and security at the Gulf Research Center think tank. "So it
is the question of he can stay: It's a red line for all the Gulf Cooperation
Council ... This is something that won't be a negotiable issue."

Saudi Foreign Minister Adel al-Jubeir has said he must be removed from power as
part of a solution. A summit communiqué expressed support for the Geneva I
communiqué, a 2012 document setting out guidelines for Syria's path to peace
including a transitional governing authority.

The communiqué said such an authority must be chosen by the Damascus government
and opposition by mutual consent, which Washington has said in effect rules out
Assad staying in power.

Saud Humaid Assubayii, security affairs committee chairman at Saudi Arabia's
appointed Shurah Council, said the Russian proposal was flawed because it did
not rule out Assad's participation in elections.

A Western diplomat said the Russian document appeared to be "a trial balloon" to
test international reaction, and also to calm any uneasiness among Assad's
entourage.

A more likely focus of discussion in Vienna would be the issue of who was a
terrorist, the diplomat said, an element also referred to in the text. The
Russian Foreign Ministry spokeswoman said Tuesday that Moscow would be
concentrating on this at the meeting.

Sources close to Damascus and diplomats say Russia and Iran have told Syria they
would use the Vienna talks to shore up the government's position and resist any
solution that forces Assad out of office.

But one diplomat said the Russians had also expressed frustration in the past
with Assad for not accepting limited political reforms, something Moscow thinks
will be necessary as part of a political process.

"The Syrian leadership lives in a reality of its own. They feel not only
reassured by the Vienna statement but felt they could dictate it and feel they
can get around the difficult parts," the diplomat said.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 23


             Copyright 2015 The Daily Star - The Daily Star FZ LLC.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              12 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             March 11, 2013 Monday

BBC Monitoring quotes from Afghan press 11 Mar 13

LENGTH: 493 words


The following is a selection of quotes from editorials published in the 11 Mar
edition of Dari and Pashto-language Afghan newspapers:

US-Taleban secret talks

Hasht-e Sobh (independent): "President Karzai said yesterday in his speech that
the Taleban leaders were holding talks with Americans in Europe, but they
carried out bomb attacks and killed the people in the country... We think that
the US direct talks with the Taleban will not end the war in Afghanistan. These
talks will marginalize the Afghan government. It is not in the interest of the
Afghans and international community to marginalize the Afghan government as the
Afghan government and the current administration is one of the main and common
achievements of the Afghans and international community... Furthermore, direct
talks between the western countries and the Taleban will increase suspicion that
democracy and achievements made over the past decade will be compromised and it
creates an assumption that the West is not a strategic friend of any country..."

Sarnawesht (private): "It is the main aspect of the US policy to take advantage
of its opponents' hostility... President Hamed Karzai said yesterday that though
the USA and the Taleban claimed that they were enemies of one another. They have
covertly joined hand together and each of them are continuing the war in
Afghanistan in favour of one another... In fact, the natural outcome of this war
is in the interest of the USA and it will only harm the Afghans."

Hewad (state-run): "In fact, the armed Taleban are acting against the national
sovereignty of Afghanistan and the nation... When a suicide attack was carried
outside the National Defence Ministry and killed nine civilians, it was said to
be a warning by the armed Taleban to the USA because US Defence Secretary Chuck
Hagel was in Kabul on that day... The attacks [suicide attacks in Kabul and
Khost] which took place the day before yesterday seriously contravene Islam...
In fact, these attacks were in the interest of foreigners, if it was not so, the
international community led by the US should have prevented these attacks
because they know their sanctuaries and the people supporting them. President
Karzai also said yesterday at a ceremony which was held in Kabul on the occasion
of International Women's Day that these attacks were in fact carried out to
serve the USA."

US forces attack on Kandahar University

Weesa (private): "The attack by the US and the Special Forces trained by them on
Kandahar University the day before yesterday and the display of horror in the
daylight have unveiled the horrors of the US forces... The Afghan Special
Forces, who are stationed either in Maydan Wardag Province or in Mullah Omar
Fortress in Kandahar, have all been trained by the US army and are mercenary
forces... President Karzai has ordered that the perpetrators of the horrors
which took place the day before yesterday in Kandahar should be detained..."

Source: As listed

LOAD-DATE: March 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2013 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              13 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             March 7, 2002 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Decision on Chancellor's Contract Is Delayed

BYLINE:  By ANEMONA HARTOCOLLIS

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 602 words


At the request of Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, the Board of Education and
Chancellor Harold O. Levy agreed yesterday to a two-month postponement of the
board's decision on whether to extend Mr. Levy's contract for another year.

The board voted, 6 to 1, to postpone the decision from April 1 to June 1, which
is 30 days before Mr. Levy's contract expires. By agreeing to drop an original
requirement that Mr. Levy be given a 90-day warning before his contract is
extended or terminated, the board and the chancellor were trying to placate Mr.
Bloomberg, as he waits to see whether the State Legislature will give him
control of New York City schools.

The change puts more power over the future of the school system in the hands of
the mayor. By June, the Legislature may have put in place a system in which Mr.
Bloomberg, instead of the board, will be able to hire and fire the chancellor.

Until then, city and education officials said, it would probably be difficult
for Mr. Bloomberg to attract a new chancellor even if he wanted to. It is also
unlikely, officials said, that a new chancellor would take the job with so much
uncertainty.

"You need to clarify the governance objective," Ninfa Segarra, the president of
the Board of Education, said yesterday. "Is there going to be a change or not?
Who will the chancellor be reporting to? Then the mayor can be more forceful
about whatever it is he would like to happen."

Mr. Levy said yesterday that he had spoken to the mayor and agreed to the plan.
"I'm trying to be as supportive as I possibly can of the mayor," he said. "He's
got enough on his plate. He's got governance. He's got collective bargaining.
He's got to balance a terrible budget. Anything I can do to help him be as
successful as at all possible, I'm eager to do."

The dissenting vote came from Irving S. Hamer, the board member from Manhattan,
who said he believed the delay would weaken both the board and Mr. Levy, making
it more difficult for them to run the schools effectively. "It marginalizes the
board, it marginalizes the chancellor," Dr. Hamer said. "It makes his leadership
tentative and uncertain about the short and long-term future of the system."

Dr. Hamer said he believed the majority of the board was willing to take
direction from Mr. Bloomberg, and would have made the decision about whether or
not to extend Mr. Levy's contract in consultation with the mayor. In the current
system, the mayor appoints two board members and the five borough presidents
appoint one each.

Jerry Russo, a spokesman for Mr. Bloomberg, declined comment on the mayor's
reasons for requesting the delay. But he said that Mr. Bloomberg was pleased
with the decision.

In other matters at yesterday's board meeting, Dr. Hamer and Edison Jackson, the
Brooklyn member, asked the board to consider scaling back the city's summer
school program. In an interview later, Dr. Hamer said he was not convinced that
the program had helped failing students enough. "I can't tell you whether we're
getting the best bang for our dollar," he said.

Ms. Segarra said some board members worried that the summer program had become a
surreptitious way of raising teacher salaries. There were fears, she said, that
it would become a boondoggle like special education, providing jobs to teachers
and warehousing students in a second-class education. It might be better, she
said, to move to year-round schooling for all students.

Mr. Levy said that while "everything is on the block" as the system is looking
for ways to cut its budget, he believed summer school had been effective and he
would be reluctant to cut it back.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 7, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              14 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                           September 15, 2013 Sunday
                                  Mich Edition

Pence's moves disregard the voice of Indiana voters

BYLINE: Julian M. Smith

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. C13

LENGTH: 532 words


I have received information concerning the latest State Board of Education
meeting as well as the governor's recent announcement that leaves me greatly
disappointed and perplexed.

I am vehemently opposed to the continued and consistent ongoing disregard and
overt contempt displayed by the State Board of Education toward our duly elected
superintendent of public instruction, Glenda Ritz. Additionally, I could not be
more opposed to what appears to be the Pence administration's effort to
purposefully marginalize the superintendent by dishonoring and disregarding the
voice of Hoosier voters.

Voters elected Ritz as they obviously disagreed with Superintendent Tony Bennett
(he had the huge war chest, a well-oiled political machine, as well as all the
name recognition both statewide and nationally) and his "my way or the highway"
philosophy. Now Pence has appointed a committee, as well as a chairman to, in
essence, marginalize Ritz and dishonor the voice of the voter and continue
exactly that which was so soundly defeated in the election.

Is Indiana intending to follow the federal example of having two governments:
one duly elected or appointed and approved by Congress and another handpicked by
the president? This creation of a shadow government is just as wrong here as it
is in Washington. Considering that the governor appears to be creating this
structure to bypass working within a system created by the Indiana Constitution
and supported by voters is particularly repugnant and should be stopped.

Following the notes from the previous three meetings of the State Board of
Education, apparently the Pence administration is less than willing to work
within guidelines established by the voters. The governor seems to be doing
everything possible to continue with the Bennett Doctrine (he has publicly
endorsed an A-F system that has proven unreliable when even the favored plum
schools gets C's) and eliminate Ritz from exercising any effectiveness (except
that of figurehead) by shoving her to the side.

It has been stated ad naseum that elections have consequences. Perhaps that is
true, unless one retains enough power following an election to act as a bully
and by strong-arm tactics obfuscate the will of the voter. Republicans are
supposed to be about limited government, local autonomy, getting government out
of the way, letting experts do their work (at least that's why I'm a Republican)
but that is far from the truth for public schools. Republican legislators can't
have it both ways for long before the voter catches on and holds them
accountable at the ballot box. Should they desire to retain power (as
politicians do) they need to return to advocating from a Republican ideal in all
arenas.

We should not use tax dollars to duplicate governmental agencies, (a paramount
Republican ideal) and under no circumstances should an elected official be
usurped by an illegitimate or appointed one.

Julian Smith is a sixth-grade teacher in Jennings County and president of the
Jennings County Classroom Teachers Association. He currently serves on the board
of directors of the Indiana State Teachers Association. The opinions expressed
in this op-ed are solely Smith's.

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2013 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              15 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                          February 27, 2013 Wednesday

A choice to be more careful

BYLINE: SUSANNA MAGSTADT Bismarck DENNIS SCHULZ Bismarck BELINDA GAREY B

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 623 words


I am writing in response to Clint Fleckenstein's Feb. 25 letter. I was one of
the many people who testified at the Senate Judiciary Committee. I also took
part in the silent candlelight vigil after the (Senate Bill 2252) was defeated.

As a member of a protected class due to his choice in religion, Fleckenstein
believes that his faith is under attack by the lesbian, gay, bisexual and
transgender community of North Dakota. He will never have to know what it's like
to lose his job or his home due to his choice of religious activity. He will
never be denied service of public accommodation due to his choice of religious
activity.

He's protected from knowing how devastating these types of discrimination are.
In a position of power, he's bent on using that protection to continue to
marginalize and de-humanize a community that does not have the same protections.

Our silent, respectful candlelight vigil was a way for us to mourn the
continuing discrimination of good, honest people. We did not threaten,
intimidate, harm or cause damage to any person. More than two-thirds of the
people in attendance were heterosexual people.

LGBT people do not have a choice in their orientation. Heterosexual people also
do not have a choice in their sexual orientation. However, all people do have a
choice in how they treat other human beings.

Mr. Fleckenstein, I wish I could invite you to our home for dinner. I would like
you to see that we are whole, creative, good people with morals and values that
most everyone in our state shares. I would like for you to see how much good is
possible when people choose to accept people for who they are, rather than
marginalize them for who they cannot be.

I accept that there are people who choose to believe that I am less than them,
that I am not worthy to share the same land and air. But I still choose to offer
them a cup of water, as the biblical text tells us to do, because it is the
right thing.

The choice you make with regard to your religious activity, however, should not
be placed above my right to work and live in my home state.

It was interesting to learn that the North Dakota House of Representatives voted
against House Bill 1335. This bill would have allowed law enforcement officers
to ticket a driver or passenger for not wearing a seat belt.

I was also surprised to learn that 55 percent of the fatalities on North Dakota
roads in 2012 were people who weren't wearing seat belts.

We should be mindful that you can't protect people from their own stupidity.
Those who choose to drive on our streets and highways without a seat belt and
are involved in an accident face the risk of being thrown from the vehicle.

Generally, one of two things will likely happen. First, the possibility is that
the vehicle will roll over you Second, you will hit the pavement or some other
object at a high rate of speed. The result in either instance will likely lead
to death or a lifelong injury.

For those who choose not to buckle up, it is difficult to muster much sympathy.
Guess that's your choice, as stupid as it may seem.

I would like to ask that the three or four women who run every morning in the
vicinity of east Divide Avenue and 14th, 15th and 16th streets to please be more
careful.

You are all wearing black or dark clothing in the early morning, dark hours, and
I have almost hit you on more than one occasion. I have seen others swerve to
avoid you all, and you make no effort at all to move out of the traffic lanes
directly in the path of vehicles.

This is a safety issue for you and for those of us who use that route every day.

My suggestion is for you to either run later in the morning or wear clothing
appropriate to the dark hours of the day, such as white or reflective garments.
Please.

LOAD-DATE: February 27, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2013 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              16 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            February 5, 2008 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Letters to the editor

SECTION: Pg. B-11

LENGTH: 579 words


Caucus system excludes many who want to vote

Colorado's caucuses are today, but guess who's not coming? That would be the
many seniors and individuals with disabilities without transportation to the
caucuses. Also included are people who happen to be out of town on caucus night,
or have to work an evening shift, or are teaching an evening class. Don't forget
about those who must care for a homebound child or loved one during evening
hours.

I hope both the Democrats and Republicans will ditch the caucus system and
encourage more participation, not by a few who have convenient schedules and
transportation, but by all members of society.

Jay Katz, Denver

How will you view the next president?

As the voters select the individual for their party's presidential nominee
today, they may consider how they will view their new president throughout the
next four years. His or her face will appear on their TV screen in some context
almost daily. The new president will be explaining, exhorting, consoling and
rallying the audience. How will his or her personality project in these
appearances? Will his or her face consistently represent a welcome, congenial
guest in the home? And will the cartoonists' inevitable caricature portrayals
prompt outrage or tolerant amusement?

Norman Kautsky, Centennial

----------------------------------------

Make the cheaters pay

Re: "Ritter proposal: $100 hike in car registration fee," Jan. 31 news story.

Gov. Bill Ritter's proposal to repair our roads and bridges by increasing car
registration fees is certainly not out of line to all who desire safe driving
conditions.

However, the proposed $100 hike in car registration fees could be reduced
somewhat by having those who are driving our Colorado roads with expired license
tags pay their fair share.

Not a week goes by without our seeing some vehicle being driven with expired
tags. It would be nice to know how we and other compliant drivers could report
these offenders.

Glen and Connie Morgan,

Highlands Ranch

----------------------------------------

Don't marginalize government job creation Re: "Straight talk on making a buck,"
Feb. 1 David Harsanyi column.

David Harsanyi defends corporations by stating corporations do create jobs. Of
course corporations create jobs. Small business employs many people as well.
Corporations also enjoy many government benefits.

Harsanyi marginalizes work created by the public sector. He states, "The problem
is, of course, government doesn't create jobs."

Many people are employed by government. These people include teachers,
policemen, firemen, all the scientists at NASA, doctors and researchers funded
by the National Institutes of Health, judges, district attorneys, county
commissioners and street sweepers. These people include every member of the
armed services. These people include every employee of the representative,
judicial and executive branches of the federal, state and local governments. The
government does create jobs - jobs paid for with tax dollars. How else will
these services be funded?

Please don't contemplate privatization. Our health care is privatized, and
except for tax-supported Medicare and federal employee health insurance, it is
an expensive, overblown mess run by insurance corporations.

Victoria Berge, Denver --------------------- CALLING ALL VOICES

We're now taking applications for our new Colorado Voices panel, a group chosen
to write columns for The Denver Post over the next year. Details at
denverpost.com/voices.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              17 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           January 25, 2017 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

We'll be marginalized internationally on trade

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 448 words


LETTERS

President Trump signed an order on Monday withdrawing the U.S. from the
Trans-Pacific Partnership. Unfortunately, this move is likely to have many
long-term negative economic impacts for the U.S. and the other nations involved
in the TPP. As former secretary of State John Kerry recently stated, "It is in
our interest to be able to have a positive influence on the course of events in
Asia." He also noted  that, in his opinion,  rejection of the TPP would badly
damage U.S. credibility and national security. Furthermore, as stated on the
U.S. Trade Representative website, the TPP agreement aims to "promote economic
growth; support the creation and retention of jobs; enhance innovation,
productivity and competitiveness; raise living standards; reduce poverty in our
(signatories) countries; and promote transparency, good governance, and enhanced
labor and environmental protections."

While not perfect, the finalized proposal emerged after vigorous negotiation and
in its current form would've established an investor-state dispute settlement
mechanism and helped  lower both non-tariff and tariff barriers to trade.
Unfortunately, the Trump administration,  anxious to do away with  trade
agreements, did what Kerry warned against. Additionally, it made this a partisan
issue, and seemingly failed to grasp how this will likely impact the delicate
and complex global economic balance.

Jonathan Westover

Orem, Utah

FACEBOOK

Thank God we have a president that cares about America and puts us first. As the
U.S. succeeds, the world will be blessed as well.

Victor Edwards

You don't go into a trade agreement giving away the store, or signing something
and finding out what is in it after having done so. Nice to see someone looking
out for America first.

Barry Levy

I did not vote for President Donald Trump, but to be balanced, I want to see
what he accomplishes with executive actions like this. This falls into the
category of: Give him a chance.

Greg Gibson

TWITTER

We asked our followers whether President Trump made the right decision in
removing the U.S. from the Trans-Pacific Partnership.

No. Trump will isolate and marginalize the United States internationally.

@RayAnthonySoto

Yes, because how much manufacturing are we sending elsewhere for low-cost items?
We can't compete with cheap labor.

@lhrose111

No, because our economy is built on our people buying low-cost goods. Without
deals like this, our economy will crash.

@eddemorgan

Yes. Trade deals enacted so far have not benefited U.S. workers with good paying
jobs!

@DinittoAnthony

Bad decision. China moves into the void and marginalizes U.S. influence in the
region.

@chrisincapitola

For more, follow @USATOpinion or #tellusatoday.

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2017 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              18 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           December 16, 2010 Thursday

Letter Box

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1478 words


Thursday December 16, 2010

The future of energy

Editor of the Reformer:

Lately there's been a lot of publicity supporting the relicensing of Vermont
Yankee. I realize there are many reasons for this. If the plant could run safely
for another 20 years there would be many benefits. However, it's asking much of
an old machine.

If nuclear power is the best answer then why not build a new power plant? I
understand this has been proposed by Patty O'Donnell. I've read that the new
plants are German engineered and safer. The federal government heavily
subsidizes nuclear power. Actually, I wish they would equally subsidize
alternative energy. I guess right now they're too busy trying to give tax breaks
to the wealthy.

Phillip L. Cutting,

Guilford, Dec. 12

Solving the bully issue

Editor of the Reformer:

"When we marginalize and ostracize offenders as abhorrent members of the school
community the task of creating affirming learning communities for all students
become that much more elusive."

So, basically you're saying let the perpetrators of bullying remain unchecked,
and that they volunteer for a non-punitive program, teaching them they get a
free pass for offenses against others? The definition of "offender," is that
these kids are aggressive or cruel toward others. They wouldn't be accused of
bullying otherwise (hate is hate). Without being called on it (everyone knows
who they are), they and the other kids learn it's just fine to behave in this
way.

Creating an affirming learning community means attention and diligence is given
to all members, those that are bullied have no rights when they have no
recourse.

Who gets protecting those who we coddle when we refuse to "marginalize and
ostracize offenders." Tell that to the kids who've been bullied.

Weird logic.

Protect the violators so they might live again and pass down their perverted
sense of who bullies and who gets bullied.

How will they learn to respect others when they're being taught (by a lack of
punitive measure) it's OK to behave in this way. In essence, they learning they
have silent support.

You're not doing these kids (the perpetrators) any favors by sheltering them.
It's a big world out there. Better they learn in school that bullying will be
called something else in the adult world. Assault, abuse and worse.

As far as Restorative Justice? Larry Pratt Jr. who was the fall guy for the
recent NHRA group, went through it by court order. What about the other members
of the NHRA, the leaders of this ugly group? Non-binding participation doesn't
work, they think it's a joke. "The restorative approach is reintegrative,
allowing the offender to make amends and shed the offender label." Noble goals
and do-able, just hard to get to without the full cooperation of the offender.
You've got to get them there first by using the teeth that should be in place to
measure and define what constitutes an offense, what begins the discovery
process and what situation needs immediate action if it's compromising a
student's safety. The kids need a confidential place to report bullying, they
have no safe place to do this. Bullies can be very vindictive and retributional.
The kids who are being bullied need to learn tactics to help them negotiate
through the already complex world they are living in day to day in middle and
high school. These are the issues that matter.

Both sides, the bullied and the bullies, need a teachable moment. They are in
school after all.

You can't hide bullies under the rug. They tend to jump out as soon as they're
able to bully again.

Barbara Holliday,

Brattleboro, Dec. 7

Tax breaks, holidays and mail

Editor of the Reformer:

Watching the news tonight while opening the mail I was struck by a series of
ironies. The first, of course, was the idea that the Obama administration felt
compelled to trade two more years of tax breaks for rich people to gain an
extension of unemployment benefits for the millions of people who are not likely
to have a great Christmas in any case.

Maybe Bernie Sanders is right to fight this obscenity; maybe Obama was right to
take the pragmatic road and make sure that the checks still come in over the
next few weeks. Either way, there is something terribly wrong.

I was opening the mail, so there was a heap of catalogues with cheery holiday
pictures and the promise that by spending a certain amount of money I could make
those I love happy, and there was also a sheaf of envelopes for various causes,
each suggesting that I spend a certain amount of money to help provide food,
shelter, education and so on, to those in need.

At this point I started to think about connections, and I realized that there
was a connection between unemployment benefits and the idea that I might pour
some money into the economy that employs people -- do my part, as it were, to
keep the big engine oiled. And I also realized that there was a connection
between those thinner envelopes and the renewed tax bill that would give me back
about a third of anything I spent to fight hunger, poverty, illiteracy, and so
on.

Christmas is a tangle -- a holiday equally devoted to the patron saint of
thieves and ancient pagan rituals marking the solstice, and to the humble
origins and deep wisdom of Jesus Christ, as reported by those who came later. A
season of giving marked primarily by a yearly apotheosis of commercialism and
spending. The happiest point in the year for happy families, especially those
with small children, and one of the darkest evenings of the year for those
without.

Somehow the politics and the mail and the tangled sense of the season all
started to get to me, and then the words of the poet William Blake came to me:
"Pity would be no more / If we did not make someone poor."

And also this thought: the United States has the least equal distribution of
wealth in the developed world, and yet in polls most Americans express the
belief that we are more equal than most nations.

I'm glad there is a plan to extend unemployment benefits. I'll give as much
money as I can to charity, though it does seem obscene that the most powerful
nation the world has ever known relies on personal preference and tax breaks to
make sure some of its children have food and clothes.

Someday there will be a reckoning for what has happened in the past decade. A
fight between Bernie and Barack seems a strange place to start, but then it's a
strange time of year

MacLean Gander,

Brattleboro, Dec. 8

Clearing the air

Editor of the Reformer:

Your article "A new home for nuke waste?" (Dec. 4-5), contains incorrect
information and I respectively ask that you correct it.

Mr. Stephen Wark (Deputy Public Service Commision) and I voted to place the
export/import rule for the Texas Vermont Compact Commission out for a 30-day
public comment period.

We did not, as noted in the article, vote "in favor of allowing other states to
dump waste at the new facility."

The rule under consideration creates a process whereby the Commission can
consider petitions for export and import to and from the compact site. The rule
does not grant any non-Compact entity to dispose of radioactive waste at the
site. Voting to adopt a rule that defines a process is not voting in favor of
importation.

The vote is about adopting a process for decision making so Texas and Vermont
can assure their needed capacity to the site should importation be considered by
the Commission in the future. I can't say one way or the other how I would vote
on an import petition until I know if the site has a surplus capacity, what is
the material that is being petitioned for import, will there be a benefit to the
generators of Texas and Vermont if material is imported, what is the economic
impact to the facility and compact generators, and consideration of comments by
the public, generators, the site operators, my fellow commissioners, etc.

In addition, as an appointed representative of Vermont for the Compact
Commission my vote would have to reflect the governor's policy on this matter at
the time an importation petition comes before the Compact Commission.

Without the rule, the Commission can vote on matters of importation ad hoc
without the process of public input contained in the proposed rule.

Ad hoc decisions are what we are preventing by promulgating a rule that is based
on protection of Vermont's needed capacity, and a process to assure that
capacity is never at risk.

Uldis Vanags,

state nuclear engineer,

Vermont Department of Public Service,

Dec. 9

Angels in action

Editor of the Reformer:

There are kind people among us. I believe in angels.

My friend and I were coming out of Experienced Goods on Flat Street. We are both
elderly and we both fell over the curb and went flat.

Along came three of the kindest gentlemen. They helped us up, one of them
patched my face and helped us to our car.

Thank you again, angels sent to help us.

Virginia Dalrymple,

and Toni MacRoberts

Brattleboro, Dec. 7

LOAD-DATE: December 16, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              19 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                           September 29, 2009 Tuesday
                                  1ST Edition

SECTION: Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 1140 words


Enough words, punish CFB

How many letters and articles will we have to read (about Cape Fear Bank) before
some action is taken against the directors, who were incapable of running a bank
due to lack of experience?

The bank was doing quite well until the directors decided that bigger is better.
The bank went from one to five offices. The price of the stock fell to $7.
Maurice Koury offered $12 a share in December 2007 and the directors turned him
down. The shareholders never had the opportunity to vote on this.

The shareholders and depositors entrusted these directors to operate the bank
within the guidelines of a financial institution and not make outrageous loans
to fellow directors.

Now we read about the bad loans to Davie Waggett. How did Davie and his
childhood friend, Jerry Sellers, get elected to the board without any banking
experience? Selling tile and drugstore products is a bit different than running
a bank. ... The shareholders not only got shafted once, as taxpayers, but a
second time with worthless stock.

Let's open the records and do a little more investigating.

Nancy Keating, Wilmington

Editor's note: The writer was a Cape Fear Bank shareholder.

Criminals get better treatment

Taxpayers should give this a thought. When a criminal violates a law, the
arresting officer is required to read him, or her, the Miranda rights, to let
the criminal know they automatically can have an attorney appointed to them,
even upon questioning.

The monies that pays these attorneys comes from the North Carolina State general
fund, the tax payers money. So this will assure the criminal a fair and
impartial trial.

Now, on the other side of the coin, if an indigent person needs medicine and
food, why can't they get it from the same general fund? They have not violated
any laws or hurt anyone, so these people should get equal treatment.

Ernest E. Croom, Wilmington

StarNews the 'partisan pawn'

I must reply to your Sept. 9 editorial "Partisans' pawns."

I strongly object to your referring to me as being a partisan's pawn when you
mentioned condoms, "comrade," and urging our nation's young people to ignore
their parents, etc. etc., in your editorial on the above-mentioned date. With
such trite comments, you are obviously a partisan's pawn not only for the
liberal left, but also The New York Times.

Strange that you are the one suggesting that Obama's Pollyanna-like faith may
inspire children and raise sagging poll numbers. Good point!

Who in the world is teaching our children to take only one side of every
argument, as you suggest and "it's acceptable to marginalize people whose views
don't mirror their own"?

You would be great teaching the view that it is acceptable to marginalize people
whose views don't mirror yours. I submit your editorial as evidence.

Your editorial was "mind-boggling" as it trumpeted one's very liberal leanings.
You went through a good part of the liberal left-wing playbook on this one.

I give up! Your opinion pages are appalling. You are a paper of partisans'
pawns!

If your opinions reflect a trend, "how sad for the future of the United States."

Ed Casey, Wilmington

Listen, then think for yourself

It appears our country has devolved to a living edition of "Mad" magazine.
Alfred E. Newman is a genius compared to some of the hysterical people on the
extreme left and right.

Let's recall the conspiracy theorists on the extreme left who actually believe
that President Bush was behind the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks. Now, on the extreme
right, we have the "birthers," the "death panelers" and the just plain dumb who
lump socialism, communism and fascism together as if they are all the same
system.

Ignorance has never had more prominence on cable television and ideologues on
both extremes get their information only from sources who confirm what they
already believe. These people are not just ignorant, they are proud of their
ignorance and scream it at the top of their lungs, one clearly false point after
another.

To make matters worse, we have members of Congress who behave no better than the
most ignorant of their constituents. They like uninformed people who react
viscerally instead of intellectually because they are easy to manipulate. Sound
ideas are rejected simply because they come from the other side.

Each of us can do something. Taking the time to check the veracity of statements
even when they appeal to our own preconceived notions and challenging them when
found to be false is a good start.

Steven T. Donatone, Hampstead

Social welfare fails us all

The letter "Who's looking out for whom" motivated this response. As an
81-year-old ungrateful recipient of Medicare and Social Security, I offer the
following:

Social Security was started in 1936 to help those unfortunate people in dire
need and was never meant to be for retirement. Medicare and Medicaid came along
in the later part of the century and in my opinion have been a dismal failure.

Now, why would an 81-year-old-make such a statement? For years I have predicted
the old folks would break this nation and it seems we are well on the way. To
me, the three programs are nothing more than social welfare. However, they will
continue to escalate.

Again, why would an old man who has been the recipient of over $150,000 in
Medicare benefits and for the last 19 years been paid about $195,000 from Social
Security who paid less than $40,000 (complain)?

... It is quite simple, I love my country, and I am all for help for the needy,
but damn the greedy. It appears individual responsibility has simply flown the
coop. Maybe someone would like to challenge my revelation.

Jack W. Barnes, Hampstead

St. James' selective annexation

Everybody knows that St. James plans to forcibly annex small, commercially zoned
tracts at the Midway/N.C. 211/new Oak Island bridge causeway intersection, miles
from its main entrance.

But did you know that the St. James Plantation Sales Office, which is at the
traffic light right across the street from that main entrance and directly
adjacent to the soon-to-be-constructed town hall and community center, is not
currently in the town of St. James and is not part of the areas slated to be
involuntarily annexed?

Neither is the big, new commercial site now being prepared on N.C. 211 between
St. James and Midway. Both of these valuable properties are owned by the
developer of St. James. So what's the deal, Lucille?

If being a part of St. James is such a wonderful thing, why hasn't the
Plantation's own developer requested voluntary annexation? Or, since the St.
James town council has such an overwhelming need to control commercial
development, why isn't it involuntarily annexing the developer's commercial
areas?

Apparently, what's good for the poor goose way down the road isn't equally good
for the rich gander right next door. Go figure!

George Russell Colby, Oak Island (voluntarily annexed)

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2009 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              20 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           November 30, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

War-Wary Saudis Move to Increase Oil Market Clout

BYLINE: Dan Morgan and David B. Ottaway, Washington Post Staff Writers

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1474 words


Saudi Arabia has quietly taken steps to protect or even increase its already
dominant influence in the world oil market in the face of growing uncertainty
about the effect of a war in Iraq on global energy supplies and prices,
according to U.S. and Middle Eastern officials and experts.

Saudi Arabia has reclaimed its position as the number one foreign supplier of
crude oil to the United States in recent months and offered to further increase
sales in December, the Energy Department reported. To keep competitors from
taking away customers, the Saudis have boosted production by an estimated 1
million barrels a day above the quota set by the Organization of the Petroleum
Exporting Countries, according to a New York industry analyst.

At the same time, the Saudi government has amassed a foreign exchange war chest
in the range of $ 90 billion to $ 100 billion, enabling its economy to weather a
prolonged period of low oil prices if Iraq's production surges should Iraqi
President Saddam Hussein be ousted in a U.S.-led military campaign.

If U.S. military action in Iraq goes awry, leading to the hoarding of
higher-priced oil, only Saudi Arabia has sufficient spare capacity to calm
markets, U.S. officials acknowledge. Within 30 days, according to the Energy
Department, it could flood the market with as much as 2 million barrels a day
from wells it is not now using.

All this has bolstered Saudi Arabia's leverage just as some U.S. lawmakers and
administration officials are intensifying pressure on the government in Riyadh
to increase its cooperation in the war on terror. With Saudi oil still a
mainstay of the U.S. economy and the Pentagon seeking Saudi permission to use
Prince Sultan Air Base outside Riyadh in the event of a war with Iraq, the
Saudis have considerable cards to play in their dialogue with Washington.

"The Saudis are the central bank of oil," said J. Robinson West, president of
the Washington-based Petroleum Finance Co. "They provide stability and liquidity
to the market. The more oil [the United States] can get from other countries,
the less leverage the Saudis have. But they still play a critical role."

Saudi officials see it in much the same way.

"To say that you can marginalize Saudi Arabia in the oil market is like saying
you're going to marginalize the United States in the world economy," said Adel
al-Jubeir, a senior foreign policy adviser to Saudi Crown Prince Abdullah, the
country's de facto ruler.

Such assessments provide a sobering starting point for those U.S. policymakers
arguing that it is in the political and strategic interest of the United States
to wean itself from Saudi and Persian Gulf oil.

In the wake of the Sept. 11, 2001, attacks, in which 15 Saudis participated as
hijackers, the cause of diversifying U.S. oil supplies away from Saudi Arabia
was taken up by members of Congress and a faction in the national security
establishment that believes Saudi Arabia is an unreliable ally that exerts too
much influence over U.S. foreign policy.

A controversial briefing by a Rand Corp. analyst for a Pentagon advisory board
in July described Saudi Arabia as the "kernel of evil" in the Middle East. It
concluded that a pro-Western Iraq could reduce U.S. dependence on Saudi energy
exports and enable the United States to force the Saudi monarchy to crack down
on the financing and support for terrorism within its boundaries.

Iraq holds the second-largest known oil reserves in the world. Some energy
experts say it could raise its output of less than 2 million barrels a day to 5
million barrels by the mid- to late part of this decade.

Such a development could indeed create problems for the Saudis, said Larry
Goldstein, president of the Petroleum Industry Research Foundation. "There just
isn't room in the market for 5 to 6 million more barrels a day. There isn't
enough demand."

Conrad Burns (R-Mont.), a member of the Senate energy committee, and Rep. Curt
Weldon (R-Pa.) have called for increased U.S. energy investment in Russia, which
has the world's eighth-largest oil reserves, as an alternative to what Burns
calls "terrorist oil" from the Middle East.

This would complement efforts begun by the administrations of presidents Bill
Clinton and George H.W. Bush to diversify the United States' sources of foreign
oil away from Saudi dependence. The results of those efforts have been mixed.

Earlier this year, a senior State Department official told a congressional
committee that Russia, the Caspian region, Nigeria, Canada, Venezuela, Brazil,
and Mexico were on track to increase oil production by as much as 10 million
barrels a day by 2010. Russia, a non-OPEC country that is the world's largest
oil exporter after Saudi Arabia, has increased its shipments by 800,000 barrels
a day since 2000. Russian companies are eyeing traditional Saudi oil markets,
including the United States.

This week, four major Russian petroleum companies -- Lukoil, Yukos, Tyumen Oil
and Sibneft -- announced plans to build a $ 4.5 billion oil terminal and
pipeline system centered in Murmansk to handle increased exports to the United
States, as part of broader agreement between President Bush and Russian
President Vladimir Putin to make Russia a more important energy partner. A
feasibility study of the project won't be ready until 2003 or 2004.

Russian oil exports are constrained by a lack of pipelines, the high cost of
Siberian exploration and incompatibility with U.S. refineries. And a forecast
released last week by the International Energy Agency predicted OPEC would
increase its share of the global oil market from 38 to 54 percent by 2030.

"You always come back to the Persian Gulf," said Robert E. Ebel, who directs the
energy program at the Center for Strategic and International Studies here.

Edward L. Morse of Hess Energy Trading Co. argues that, in the long term, Russia
could challenge OPEC and the Saudis for markets in India, China and the United
States. But he adds that the Saudis "are still in a position unparalleled to
anyone else." One reason, he said, is that U.S. domestic energy policies have
strengthened the Saudis' leverage in world oil markets.

U.S. imports increased from 8 million barrels a day in 1990 to more than 11
million barrels in the first six months of 2002, according to the Energy
Information Administration, the analytic arm of the Energy Department. The
economic boom of the 1990s and Americans' appetite for fuel-guzzling
sport-utility vehicles contributed. But major energy legislation that died in
the recent Congress proposed only token initiatives to reduce gasoline use and
cut oil imports.

"In effect, we subsidized OPEC," Morse said.

Some experts say the Saudis could actually benefit from the lower oil prices
that could result if Iraq boosts oil exports. Lower prices would increase global
oil demand and, possibly, strengthen OPEC's hand by squeezing out competition
from high-cost producers and enforcing discipline inside the oil cartel.

Saudi Arabia's growing foreign reserves, the fruit of several years of
relatively high oil prices, will serve as a potent weapon in what many believe
is a coming battle for supremacy in the oil markets, some experts believe.

"They give Saudi Arabia a cushion in running its oil policy," said Fareed
Mohamedi, chief economist for Petroleum Finance Co. The country has run up a
large government debt, much of it is in pension obligations that are not due to
be paid for many years, but flush Saudi government bank accounts enable it to
weather low oil prices for several years and still maintain government spending
at current levels, he said.

Officials in Riyadh have also announced plans to sell state enterprises, such as
utilities, which could further fatten government coffers.

On at least three occasions since 1980, the Saudi state oil company has used its
spare capacity to flood markets and undercut competitors, according to Morse. To
maintain their position in the U.S. market, the Saudis have also provided
discounts of as much as $ 1 a barrel to refiners. Few other producers could
afford to do that for long, according to industry experts.

The Saudis also keep a strong foothold in the U.S. market through investments in
U.S. refineries and chains of gasoline stations. A senior Saudi official noted
recently that his government could help U.S. customers weather war-caused
shortages by drawing on about 30 million barrels stored at depots in this
country or the Caribbean, and in stockpiles in Asia and Europe.

"Saudi capacity is a blunt instrument that makes policymakers elsewhere beholden
to Riyadh for energy security," wrote Morse and James Richard, an energy expert
at Firebird Management, in Foreign Affairs magazine. "It is the energy
equivalent of nuclear weapons, a powerful deterrent against those who try to
challenge Saudi leadership and Saudi goals."

LOAD-DATE: November 30, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              21 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            January 17, 2012 Tuesday

Analysts see Afghan government marginalized in Qatar peace talks

LENGTH: 521 words


Text of report by privately-owned Noor TV on 16 January

[Presenter] Afghan political analysts say that the US secret peace talks with
the Taleban, without the involvement of the government of Afghanistan, will lead
to the partition of Afghanistan, saying that the USA will marginalize the
government until the final phase of the talks. This comes at a time when the
NATO civilian representative to Afghanistan has said that peace talks with the
Taleban should be led by Afghans.

[Correspondent] In an interview with a NATO TV, Simon Gass, the NATO civilian
representative to Afghanistan, has said that any efforts to ensure peace should
be led by Afghans.

[Simon Gass, the NATO civilian representative to Afghanistan, in English,
superimposed with Dari translation, captioned] I am sure that the peace talks
with the Taleban will be led by Afghans. This is because, any peace process with
anyone, led by foreigners, will not establish a peace which the people of
Afghanistan need.

[Correspondent] In the meantime, a number of analysts believe that any peace
talks, without the involvement of the government, will call into question the
independence and legitimacy of the government of Afghanistan and will lead to a
partition of Afghanistan.

[Hossayni Madani, a political analyst, captioned] The Americans have taken a
very unpleasant measure, marginalized the government of Afghanistan and held
secret peace talks with the Taleban for some reasons, which will produce
negative consequences for the stability in Afghanistan, for security in
Afghanistan and for unity and solidarity among the people of Afghanistan. [The
Americans] will also put forward some other options in future which have been
termed as our red lines so far, meaning that issues related to the partition of
Afghanistan.

[Correspondent] Some other analysts say that the USA wants to marginalize
Afghanistan in the peace process, and will only involve the government of
Afghanistan in the final phase of the talks as a symbolic move.

[Najib Mahmud, a Kabul University lecturer, captioned] The Americans held the
peace talks without taking into consideration the views of the Afghan government
and made some plans. They also held talks with some Taleban members secretly
away from the eyes of the government which even led to [the establishment of an
office for them] in Qatar. It is mostly the views of Americans who want to
achieve peace at any cost. I believe that the government of Afghanistan will be
marginalized [in the peace talks] for a long time and perhaps when [the USA and
the Taleban] reach an agreement, they will then involve the government of
Afghanistan only for some symbolic purposes.

[Correspondent] Afghan political analysts have expressed concern over US secret
peace talks with the Taleban at a time when the government of Afghanistan has
apparently been marginalized in the peace talks with the Taleban.

[Video shows the NATO civilian representative to Afghanistan; a political
analyst and a Kabul University lecturer speaking; archive footage of a group of
armed Taleban apparently in Pakistan].

Source: Noor TV, Kabul, in Dari 1300 gmt 16 Jan 12

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2012 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              22 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            August 1, 2013 Thursday

Alabama: Nonprofit petitions Twinkle Cavanaugh to apologize to LGBTQ Alabamians
for prayer at public meeting

LENGTH: 504  words

DATELINE: Montgomery


Alabama Media Group, The State of Alabama has issued the following news release:

A statewide nonprofit has created an online petition requesting that Alabama
Public Service Commission President Twinkle Cavanaugh apologize for the prayer
given before a July 17 meeting, saying it marginalized gay and lesbian
Alabamians.

During a Wednesday address in Huntsville, Cavanaugh reiterated her support for
the prayer, which opened at public meeting about Alabama Power's rates.

"I don't back down," Cavanaugh said Wednesday. "It's important that we call on
the Lord."

Baptist minister John Delwin Jordan, a friend of Cavanaugh's, delivered the
prayer. He also was listed on the meeting's agenda as a speaker on behalf of the
Tea Party.

"God, we've taken you out of our schools, we've taken you out of our prayers,
we've murdered your children... We've said it's OK to have same-sex marriage,"
Jordan said during the prayer. "God, we have sinned. And we ask once again that
you'll forgive us of our sins. If there is anybody here that is in agreement
with this, may us in the powerful, most mighty name, the name that's above all
names, and that's Jesus ... and everybody said, 'Amen.'"

Equality Alabama's petition, started Thursday on change.org, has more than 100
signatures of the 1,000 needed to send it to Cavanaugh.

Along with the petition, the organization makes its position clear, saying the
assertion during a public meeting that a person's sexuality is sinful is, in
essence, bullying.

The petition reads: "As a human rights charity, Equality Alabama has no position
whatsoever on public prayer, though we do support the rights of individuals to
debate the topic and to believe as they choose. However, there is never an
appropriate time to demonize and marginalize an entire group of citizens during
a state-sponsored speech."

Equality Alabama spokesman Michael Hansen said LGBTQ Alabamians already face
enough challenges, especially when it comes to bullying.

"We don't need elected officials endorsing in government meetings political
speeches disguised as prayers that are tantamount to bullying," Hansen said.
"Prayer is fine -- everyone believes in something -- but government time
shouldn't be used to sponsor messages that marginalize and demean an entire
population."

The petition asks that Cavanaugh, in her capacity as an elected official who
invited Jordan to speak, apologize to the LGBTQ people of Alabama.

The three commissioners on the PSC rotate picking who from the community will
lead the opening prayer. This practice is upheld in the Alabama Legislature and
in Congress.

"Several people from out of state had a problem with it, but that's how we do
things in Alabama," Cavanaugh said Wednesday. "We need more prayer, not less."

The Supreme Court is set to hear a New York case contesting whether prayer
should be permissible at government meetings. It will hear the case during its
next term, which begins in October, and a decision is expected by June 2014.

For further information please visit: http://blog.al.com/

LOAD-DATE: August 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              23 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                             May 28, 2016 Saturday

Programme summary of Afghan Channel One (1TV) news in Dari 1300 gmt 28 May 16

LENGTH: 497 words


A. News headlines.

B. Home news:

1. 0150 The council of protection and stability of Afghanistan says no one can
marginalize mojaheddin. No video.

2. 0230 The Jamiat-e Eslami party of Afghanistan criticizes the national unity
government for not implementing the agreement signed between the two leaders of
the government. Deputy Presidential Spokesman Shah Hossain Mortazawi over the
phone says the government is committed to fulfilling its promises to the nation.
Video shows Afghan Foreign Minister Salahoddin Rabbani, who is also the head of
Jamiat-e Eslami party party speaking at a ceremony. (See this as MR)

3. 0510 The US Senate's military committee calls on the US government to specify
the number of US forces remain in Afghanistan. A US senator says the USA should
not make a mistake in Afghanistan as it had made in Iraq. Britain says it will
send 100 additional forces to Afghanistan. Archive video shows a number foreign
forces; a US senator speaking.

4. 0730 A number of people criticize the Afghan government for getting Hassan
Haqyar, a former Taliban official, released as he called the former Taliban
leader, martyr on a One TV Channel debate. Spokesman for the National Security
Council says they got him released as he apologized for what he said. Video
shows a number of MPs criticizing the government for getting Haqyar released.
(See separate report)

5. 1130 A jihadi leader, Abdorrab Rasul Sayyaf, who is also a member of the
council of protection and stability, says no one can marginalize mojaheddin.
Sayyaf calls on Pakistan not to send terrorists to Afghanistan as that country
will be counted as a terrorist country in the world. Video shows Sayyaf speaking
at a ceremony; archive footage of leaders of the national unity government. (To
be covered from Tolo TV)

1420 Commercial break

6. 1745 Spokesman for the Attorney-General's Office, Basir Azizi, says they have
reshuffled the Attorney-General's Office in the capital and the provincial
prosecutor offices in provinces. Video shows spokesman for the
Attorney-General's Office speaking. Afghan Senate Speaker Fazl Hadi Moslemyar
saying the government and parliament should help uproot corruption in the
country. (See separate report)

7. 2020 Ghazni Provincial Police Chief Aminollah Amarkhel calls on the
government to make a change in the army leadership in Ghazni Province and says
they do not cooperate with them in the fight against terrorism. Spokesman for
the Ministry of National Defence Dawlat Waziri over the phone says the army
should cooperate with police forces in the province. Video shows the police
chief speaking; a photo; a member of the Ghazni Provincial Council, Khaleq Dad
Akbari, speaking. (See this as MR)

8. 2315 A woman, Feroza, is the commander of local police forces in southern
Helmand Province. She along with a number of her relatives fights the Taliban in
the province. Video shows a clip; a photo.

1420 Commercial break

Source: Afghan Channel One (1TV), Kabul, in Dari 1300gmt 28 May 16

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2016 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              24 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                            August 13, 2016 Saturday
                                  Mars Edition

Don't marginalize Black Lives Matter

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 320 words


Don't marginalize Black Lives Matter

Maxie Duane Bolden III's Viewpoint article (Aug. 4), "Teachable moment at police
stop," gives credence to the growing chorus of voices proclaiming Blue Lives
Matter. Although this may not have been Bolden's intention, it feeds into the
effort to dilute the Black Lives Matter movement and rests on several fallacies
that are not only misleading, but reinforces the polarization of race in
American society. By lumping those who wear a blue uniform with "skin color,
accent, religion, sexual orientation, etc.," Bolden and others conflate identity
with occupation. The obvious difference between those who wear a blue uniform
and those who wear black skin is that one can be taken off at will and the other
can't. This fact alone puts them in wholly different spheres, but even more
problematic is that it makes it seem that those who are black and those who wear
blue have equal power and suffer the same degree of vulnerability. Of course
blue lives matter and no officer should have to fear whether they will make it
back home each day. However, until shouldering that fear is a choice and not a
fact of life, Black Lives Matter must not be marginalized.

Darryl Heller

Director, Civil Rights Heritage Center at Indiana University South Bend

Good luck

First, congratulations to John Fischer on his retirement! Next, to Tom Powell,
Faran Fronczak, Veronica Jean "VJ" Seltzer, Dean Huppert, Alexis Gray and
Courtney Jorgensen and all others from Fox Channel 28 news, I wish you the best
of things, you were great! Now, here are some of the things I will miss. The
weekly golf challenge, and I don't even play golf, then Huppert's Hometown
because it was nice to see many of the small towns here in Indiana and the
things they have to offer. No other newscast did that. So once again, good luck
to all the former Channel 28 news team. May you have good luck in all you do.

Betty Maeyens

South Bend

LOAD-DATE: August 16, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2016 South Bend Tribune Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              25 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Toronto Star

                           August 31, 2011 Wednesday

Uproar over 9/11 kids' book;
Portrayals stereotype Muslims, foment hatred, critics charge

BYLINE: Kenyon Wallace Toronto Star

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 507 words


The publisher of a controversial new children's colouring book entitled We Shall
Never Forget 9/11: The Kids' Book of Freedom is defending the publication,
saying it is simply an educational tool for teaching kids about "what a group of
radicals did" to the United States.

The book purports to tell the story of the Sept. 11, 2001 terrorist attacks from
the planning stages through to the assassination of Al Qaeda leader Osama bin
Laden earlier this year.

It encourages children to colour in accompanying pictures, including one of the
burning twin towers and one of a Navy SEAL (Sea, Air and Land team) soldier
shooting at bin Laden as he cowers behind a woman dressed in a hijab.

Wayne Bell, publisher of St. Louis, Missouri-based Really Big Coloring Books
Inc. and author of the new "graphic novel colouring book," says its purpose is
to explain what the events of 9/11 were about "in a very clean, honest read that
does not shy away from the facts."

"We call the 19 hijackers what they were: radical Islamic Muslim jihadists.
That's what they were, and so that's the language we use," he told the Star.
"This was the man-made terror event called war that was brought to our country
and we responded in kind and we will continue to respond. That's what this book
is about."

But Ibrahim Hooper, communications director for the Council on American-Islamic
Relations, says he believes the book was designed to generalize and stereotype
Muslims and Islam in a way that portrays all Muslims as linked to radicalism,
extremism and terrorism.

"America is full of these individuals and groups seeking to demonize Islam and
marginalize Muslims and it's just a fact of life in the post-9/11 era, but
hopefully the parents would recognize the agenda behind this book and not expose
their children to intolerance or religious hatred," Hooper said.

One page of the book tells how national news outlets began reporting that bin
Laden was the suspected 9/11 mastermind.

"These attacks will change the way America deals with and views Islamic and
Muslim people around the world," reads the text. "Today the world is a new
place."

Hooper says the book attempts to indoctrinate young people with anti-Muslim
stereotypes.

"There's a whole cottage industry of these individuals and groups in America and
the mainstream followers of all faiths should just learn to marginalize these
people."

While Bell acknowledged that Muslims might be offended by the language used in
his book, he said the book does not purport to make any generalizations or broad
statements on Islam.

"It's a simple book about what a group of radicals did to our nation."

He says the first print run of about 10,000 copies has sold out, prompting his
company - which also publishes The Tea Party Coloring Book for Kids - to start
another print run this week. The book is available only online.

Bell defended the graphic nature of illustrations in We Shall Never Forget 9/11,
saying newscasts show worse. He said the book is intended for children 10 or
older and should be read in the presence of an adult.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Above, image that kids are supposed to colour in. At right, the cover
of "We Shall Never Forget 9/11: The Kids' Book of Freedom." Really Big Coloring
Books Inc.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                 Copyright 2011 Toronto Star Newspapers Limited


                              26 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Halloween no excuse to be insensitive;
Popularity of offensive costumes appears to be on the rise

BYLINE: Evelyn Myrie

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 507 words


I never got into the Halloween groove - but as a parent I was dragged into it.
Making creative costumes was never my cup of tea. I was one of those parents who
headed for the linen closet on the day of Halloween, destroying my good white
bed linen to make Casper the Friendly Ghost costumes. My poor child had to be
Casper until she got older and chose her own store-bought costume. (She has
never forgiven me for making her be Casper.)

Those days are long gone. Halloween costumes have taken on a life of their own.
In recent years, they seem to have gone from what used to be about witches,
princesses and comic-book icons to making a public statement. As this has
happened, costumes have moved closer to being offensive. It appears the
popularity of offensive Halloween costumes is on the rise.

And as this occurs, there is a growing pushback against costumes that preserve
and reinforce stereotypes.

In Britain, popular supermarket chains Tesco and Asda recently withdrew two
Halloween outfits from their stores after they were criticized for stigmatizing
people with mental illness. They were selling "mental patient" and "psycho ward"
costumes that prompted complaints. A British mental health charity made it clear
that those kind of costumes marginalize and further stigmatize those with mental
health challenges. Asda later donated nearly $42,000 to the charity.

In the United States, some students are taking the lead in voicing their
concerns about the growing trend of offensive Halloween costumes. Students at
University of Colorado Boulder have been warned: "Making the choice to dress up
as someone from another culture, either with the intention of being humorous or
without the intention of being disrespectful, can lead to inaccurate and hurtful
portrayals of other people's cultures" and "some costume choices can demean and
isolate their fellow classmates, teachers and university staff."

"We are a culture, not a costume" is a campaign by Students Teaching Against
Racism in Society, an Ohio University student group, and is credited with
leading the charge against offensive Halloween costumes on many campuses in the
U.S.

Many people here in Canada are taking notice. More students on campuses are
raising concerns about inappropriate outfits that perpetuate racial, cultural,
and gender stereotypes.

Closer to home, the McMaster University bookstore removed "Sexy Indian
Princess," "Indian Princess," and "Eskimo Cutie" Halloween costumes from its
shelves when the McMaster First Nations Students Association launched a petition
"to prevent the campus bookstore from continuing to marginalize indigenous
peoples, to get these costumes removed from the bookstore, and to stand in
solidarity against racial stereotypes perpetuated on Halloween by costume
retailers." More than 500 students signed.

As we celebrate Halloween today and tonight, let's remember that it should be
about having fun - but not at other people's expense. It should not be used an
excuse to be insensitive.

Freelance columnist Evelyn Myrie lives in Hamilton.

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              27 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           October 31, 2013 Thursday

Myrie: Halloween no excuse to be insensitive

BYLINE: emyrie@hcci.ca

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 499 words


I never got into the Halloween groove - but as a parent I was dragged into it.
Making creative costumes was never my cup of tea. I was one of those parents who
headed for the linen closet on the day of Halloween, destroying my good white
bed linen to make Casper the Friendly Ghost costumes. My poor child had to be
Casper until she got older and chose her own store-bought costume. (She has
never forgiven me for making her be Casper.)

Those days are long gone. Halloween costumes have taken on a life of their own.
In recent years, they seem to have gone from what used to be about witches,
princesses and comic-book icons to making a public statement. As this has
happened, costumes have moved closer to being offensive. It appears the
popularity of offensive Halloween costumes is on the rise.

And as this occurs, there is a growing pushback against costumes that preserve
and reinforce stereotypes.

In Britain, popular supermarket chains Tesco and Asda recently withdrew two
Halloween outfits from their stores after they were criticized for stigmatizing
people with mental illness. They were selling "mental patient" and "psycho ward"
costumes that prompted complaints. A British mental health charity made it clear
that those kind of costumes marginalize and further stigmatize those with mental
health challenges. Asda later donated nearly $42,000 to the charity.

In the United States, some students are taking the lead in voicing their
concerns about the growing trend of offensive Halloween costumes. Students at
University of Colorado Boulder have been warned: "Making the choice to dress up
as someone from another culture, either with the intention of being humorous or
without the intention of being disrespectful, can lead to inaccurate and hurtful
portrayals of other people's cultures" and "some costume choices can demean and
isolate their fellow classmates, teachers and university staff."

"We are a culture, not a costume" is a campaign by Students Teaching Against
Racism in Society, an Ohio University student group, and is credited with
leading the charge against offensive Halloween costumes on many campuses in the
U.S. Many people here in Canada are taking notice. More students on campuses are
raising concerns about inappropriate outfits that perpetuate racial, cultural,
and gender stereotypes.

Closer to home, the McMaster University bookstore removed "Sexy Indian
Princess," "Indian Princess," and "Eskimo Cutie" Halloween costumes from its
shelves when the McMaster First Nations Students Association launched a petition
"to prevent the campus bookstore from continuing to marginalize indigenous
peoples, to get these costumes removed from the bookstore, and to stand in
solidarity against racial stereotypes perpetuated on Halloween by costume
retailers." More than 500 students signed.

As we celebrate Halloween today and tonight, let's remember that it should be
about having fun - but not at other people's expense. It should not be used an
excuse to be insensitive.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              28 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  thespec.com

                           October 30, 2013 Wednesday

Halloween no excuse to be insensitive

BYLINE: emyrie@hcci.ca

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 499 words


I never got into the Halloween groove - but as a parent I was dragged into it.
Making creative costumes was never my cup of tea. I was one of those parents who
headed for the linen closet on the day of Halloween, destroying my good white
bed linen to make Casper the Friendly Ghost costumes. My poor child had to be
Casper until she got older and chose her own store-bought costume. (She has
never forgiven me for making her be Casper.)

Those days are long gone. Halloween costumes have taken on a life of their own.
In recent years, they seem to have gone from what used to be about witches,
princesses and comic-book icons to making a public statement. As this has
happened, costumes have moved closer to being offensive. It appears the
popularity of offensive Halloween costumes is on the rise.

And as this occurs, there is a growing pushback against costumes that preserve
and reinforce stereotypes.

In Britain, popular supermarket chains Tesco and Asda recently withdrew two
Halloween outfits from their stores after they were criticized for stigmatizing
people with mental illness. They were selling "mental patient" and "psycho ward"
costumes that prompted complaints. A British mental health charity made it clear
that those kind of costumes marginalize and further stigmatize those with mental
health challenges. Asda later donated nearly $42,000 to the charity.

In the United States, some students are taking the lead in voicing their
concerns about the growing trend of offensive Halloween costumes. Students at
University of Colorado Boulder have been warned: "Making the choice to dress up
as someone from another culture, either with the intention of being humorous or
without the intention of being disrespectful, can lead to inaccurate and hurtful
portrayals of other people's cultures" and "some costume choices can demean and
isolate their fellow classmates, teachers and university staff."

"We are a culture, not a costume" is a campaign by Students Teaching Against
Racism in Society, an Ohio University student group, and is credited with
leading the charge against offensive Halloween costumes on many campuses in the
U.S. Many people here in Canada are taking notice. More students on campuses are
raising concerns about inappropriate outfits that perpetuate racial, cultural,
and gender stereotypes.

Closer to home, the McMaster University bookstore removed "Sexy Indian
Princess," "Indian Princess," and "Eskimo Cutie" Halloween costumes from its
shelves when the McMaster First Nations Students Association launched a petition
"to prevent the campus bookstore from continuing to marginalize indigenous
peoples, to get these costumes removed from the bookstore, and to stand in
solidarity against racial stereotypes perpetuated on Halloween by costume
retailers." More than 500 students signed.

As we celebrate Halloween today and tonight, let's remember that it should be
about having fun - but not at other people's expense. It should not be used an
excuse to be insensitive.

LOAD-DATE: March 20, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              29 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                             August 8, 2004 Sunday

Democrats don't use religion to divide

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 2P

LENGTH: 1450 words


Re: Secular party has found religion - for now, anyway, by John Leo, Aug. 1.

I take exception to this diatribe about Democrats and religion. John Leo writes:
"As umpteen scholars have pointed out, the Democrats are morphing into a
secular, or nonbelieving party . . ." I don't know who these scholars are or the
full context of their words, but I would like to comment on its premise.

Democrats have not recently "found" religion. We have always had it. The
difference between us and the Republicans is that we don't wear our religion on
our sleeve and we don't use it to exclude others. Our aversion to the religion
of the right is their use of the word "God" to try to divide us and using their
interpretation of the Bible in the legislation they try to put forth.

John Kerry said in his acceptance speech: "I don't wear my own faith on my
sleeve. I don't want to claim that God is on our side. As Abraham Lincoln told
us, I want to pray humbly that we are on God's side. And whatever our faith, one
belief should bind us all: The measure of our character is our willingness to
give of ourselves for others and for our country." Are these the words of a
"nonbelieving" Democrat?

Leo concedes that "Many religious people, of course are Democrats. But the
secular elites who control the party have worked long and hard to marginalize
religion in America and banish it from the public square." He is right of
course. We don't want it in the public square because the religious right uses
it to exclude and marginalize American citizens.

Phyllis S. Pepper, Pinellas Park

A religious cover

Re: Secular party has found religion - for now, anyway.

John Leo correctly describes the Democratic convention as an attempt by the
Democrats to give "cover" to their true beliefs by espousing the term "one
nation under God" numerous times even while the past 20 years have seen the
party attack any reference to God, the flag and school prayer.

Obviously, the convention couldn't be held to the same controls as exist in our
schools or we wouldn't have had the playing of Amazing Grace. Sure there are a
few Democrats who are religious, but the party has worked long and hard to
marginalize religion in America and to banish it from the public arena.

As Leo correctly states, the secularist constituency is as important to the
Democratic Party as the labor unions and the trial lawyers. Why should a
convention that openly espouses these values invoke God, (seven mentions in the
Democratic platform) and thereby drag even more hypocrisy into their plan?

If you are a religious person you will love the Kerry look right up to the
November election, and then the carrot will be withdrawn. As I see it we will
have a win-win situation in November. If Bush wins, as I fervently hope he does,
we will have safety in our country, prosperity in our finances, continued growth
in our economy and pride in our military and our flag. If John Kerry wins, then
we have four years in which we can emulate the Democrats by heaping every
invective known to man upon Kerry, blaming him for unemployment, higher taxes, a
gigantic health care failure, loss of life in the Middle East, and even bringing
the United States under the control of the United Nations.

Sam Lasley, Clearwater

No monopoly on faith

Re: Secular party has found religion - for now, anyway.

John Leo's column was shrill, partisan and self-righteous demagoguery at its
worst. If one were to take Leo seriously, one would be amazed as to how the
Democratic party, which Leo paints as suffering from a hatred of all things
religious, can survive in a nation as religious as the United States.

Republicans and Democrats happen to disagree on all kinds of issues, from
progressive taxation to universal health care to organized labor. However,
personal religious values of the believer are not a partisan issue. The truth is
that there are both good and bad, godly and ungodly and moral and immoral people
in both parties.

Indeed, on issues which traditionally matter most to people of faith, neither
party holds a monopoly. Most faith traditions ascribe to a level of individual
morality and social conscience which contradicts both parties. Both parties, for
example, are, to varying degrees, in favor of war and the death penalty,
positions hardly in step with most faith traditions. The Democratic Party's
position on abortion is, admittedly, hardly in step with the views of most
people of faith. However, the Republican Party's position on pre-emptive war,
health care, poverty, the minimum wage and social justice also contradicts most
faith traditions' call to collective dignity. Neither party has a monopoly on
faith.

As a Catholic and moderate Democrat, I know many of my party's failures in
keeping faith with my faith. However, I do not try to, as others in both parties
do, ignore those failures and deride those who would disagree with me
politically as not "faithful" enough due to their politics. We should be honest
with ourselves and kinder to our fellow Americans. After all, we are the United
States of America, not the divided nation the right wing seems so intent on
further dividing for the sake of politics.

Luis Viera, Temple Terrace

Teach compassion

Re: Some call it sport; it's not sporting, it's animal abuse, by Howard Troxler,
Aug. 1.

As I was reading this column I could feel Howard Troxler's pain as he walked
through the kennel of the Hernando County animal shelter. Those 14 dogs are
doomed to death because of the violent intentions of a so-called civilized
individual. We must continue to try to educate our young and pray that the next
generation will feel some compassion for all of God's creatures.

People should call the local animal shelter if they suspect any form of dog
fighting or animal abuse of any kind. We must get involved.

Thank you for the compassionate article and thank you, Mr. Troxler, for telling
each of those poor dogs "I'm sorry." In some strange way I think they knew you
meant it from your heart.

Daniel T. Hester, Seminole

A cycle of abuse

Re: Some call it sport; it's not sporting, it's animal abuse.

Thank you for Howard Troxler's column on the "sport" of dogfighting. The abuse,
violence and needless waste of animals' lives is something that society cannot,
and should not, tolerate.

Troxler referred to some of these folks that have these dogs as "tough kids."
"Cowards" would be a better word. Maybe they love the violence and the blood,
but don't have the spine to step into any ring themselves.

One of the unmentioned tragedies in this cycle of abuse is that likely these
people will at some point have children. Violence and animal abuse aren't family
values that should be passed along.

Chad Brown, Tampa

Understanding Tourette's

Re: Finding harmony in dissonance, Aug. 1.

I just wanted to write and thank Saundra Amrhein for her compassionate and
enlightening article on Michael Wickersheim and his struggles with Tourette
Syndrome. I know many of our families will appreciate a human face being put on
a misunderstood condition.

It also helps to counter the Hollywood picture of those with TS as being freaks.
In fact, like Michael, many of our children and adults are very gifted both
intellectually and creatively. Your article helped to showcase that mostly
unknown fact.

It should also be noted that we have a wealth of support available to those in
the area who suffer with TS. For those interested, we can be reached at
tsaflorida@aol.com or (727) 418-0240. Thanks again for shedding a positive light
on a difficult affliction.

Ross Preville, president, Florida Tourette Syndrome Association, St. Petersburg

Check out C-SPAN

Re: Campaign coverage.

Sometimes I wonder if some of your readers and I are on the same planet. After
reading two days' worth of complaints regarding the lack of campaign coverage,
here's the solution: Turn on C-SPAN. It's available through all the cable
providers except one, so it's there for you.

There are no announcers to interrupt, no anchors in love with their own voices,
and you will hear it all, gavel to gavel. From across the country, coast to
coast, you could have heard little groups of town meetings, and they were
allowed to speak from the heart as to their concerns for our country.

I heard every speech as I desired, all the singers, all the dancers, and
witnessed all the delegates' responses to the speakers. It was as if I were
there, in person, and I could form my own opinions.

So the next time you wish to see and hear a nationally important event without
interruption or controlled coverage, turn on C-SPAN.

Ruth Jones, Dunedin

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: LETTERS

TYPE: LETTER

                    Copyright 2004 Times Publishing Company


                              30 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Angus King: Anti-Muslim political rhetoric is 'what ISIS wants'

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 790 words


BRUNSWICK, Maine -- U.S. Sen. Angus King said Friday that anti-Muslim rhetoric
propagated by U.S. presidential candidates such as Donald Trump and Ted Cruz is
"worrisome" and "counterproductive" to U.S. efforts to quell terrorism.


King cautioned that isolating Muslims in the United States, as some candidates
have proposed, could create "cauldrons of discontent" similar to those he saw
this week in Europe.


"It's what ISIS wants," King said. "They want the West to marginalize Muslims"
and isolate them, making them more susceptible to being radicalized.


King spoke Friday morning at Bowdoin College, hours after returning from a trip
to Poland, Ukraine, France and Germany with other members of the Senate
Intelligence Committee.


The group was in Paris on Tuesday morning when terrorist bombs exploded in
Brussels, Belgium, only a few hundred miles away. The group then met with
counterterrorism and intelligence officials throughout the day.


Europeans in general have been expecting attacks such as the one in Brussels,
King said. "I think these things, for a while anyway, are more or less
inevitable," he added.


"As we are tightening the noose on Syria and ISIS -- and I am in no sense
declaring victory -- the danger of an attack in the West is probably
increasing," King said. "They're seeking to burnish their brand, and their brand
is killing."


The United States and Western countries must confront "radicalization" of
terrorists on the ground in Muslim countries "and not just try to arrest or kill
our way out of it," he said.


King cautioned against isolating Muslim communities to the extent that they are
in Europe because that feeds discontent, which could become a recruiting tool
for those who view Western civilization as an enemy.


"It's crucial that in this country we not discriminate against or marginalize
our Muslim community" or "drive a wedge between Muslims and the community as a
whole so they feel they have no choice," King said.


"Here's what we learned," he said of this week's trip. "Europe today is where
the U.S. was before Sept. 11, [2011]," he said. "Law enforcement and
intelligence agencies are separated, fractured, stovepiped, siloed" -- much like
U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies were before the terrorist attacks
in this country.


King said European countries, separated by different languages, governments and
"rivalries," don't communicate with each other, despite an open border policy,
which he said creates "the worst of all possible situations."


"In fact, that happened," he said of the November 2015 attacks in Paris. "The
plot was hatched in Belgium, then they went to Paris.  The combination of lack
of communication and open borders creates a very dangerous situation."


King said he suggested that although European countries are historically
reluctant to share information with each other, more sophisticated terrorists
and open borders make it more necessary. He said he suggested they use Interpol
as "a neutral repository" to share intelligence "without threatening
sovereignty."


"The open border policy is very important to them, but if there are many more
attacks like this, they're going to have to rethink this," he said.


King said he is frustrated that the United States, where Facebook, Instagram and
other social media was created, is "not equipped to confront the war of ideas."


"The thing that keeps me up at night is [the thought of an] American citizen
radicalized online," he said. "On Facebook, he gets a terrorist [All Points
Bulletin] from ISIS, he gets a gun and he goes and kills somebody."


While concerns about terrorism were heightened by the Brussels attack, King said
the FBI and other agencies have made amazing progress protecting the U.S.
against attacks. But there always will be vulnerabilities, he said.


"The problem is, if you're 99.9 percent effective, you're still going to lose
lives," King said.


King said the very freedom inherent in the United States makes citizens
vulnerable to attack.


"Could we have prevented the [Boston] marathon bombings? Sure, if we had
National Guard troops shoulder to shoulder all along the 26-mile route," he
said. "But we want our freedom. We don't want a police state."


King said he would not discourage family members from traveling because of
heightened concern about terrorist threats.


"Sure, there's a risk. But there's a risk crossing the street. If we stop
moving, that's what they want," he said.


King said the United States may need to increase its spending on defense and
intelligence "in certain areas," but he added that leaders of European countries
realize they will need to shoulder more of the cost of defense against ISIS and
other threats, so the financial burden doesn't fall disproportionately on U.S.
taxpayers.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              31 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Bangor Daily News (Maine)

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Angus King: Anti-Muslim political rhetoric is 'what ISIS wants'

BYLINE: Beth Brogan BDN Staff

LENGTH: 790 words


BRUNSWICK, Maine -- U.S. Sen. Angus King said Friday that anti-Muslim rhetoric
propagated by U.S. presidential candidates such as Donald Trump and Ted Cruz is
"worrisome" and "counterproductive" to U.S. efforts to quell terrorism.


King cautioned that isolating Muslims in the United States, as some candidates
have proposed, could create "cauldrons of discontent" similar to those he saw
this week in Europe.


"It's what ISIS wants," King said. "They want the West to marginalize Muslims"
and isolate them, making them more susceptible to being radicalized.


King spoke Friday morning at Bowdoin College, hours after returning from a trip
to Poland, Ukraine, France and Germany with other members of the Senate
Intelligence Committee.


The group was in Paris on Tuesday morning when terrorist bombs exploded in
Brussels, Belgium, only a few hundred miles away. The group then met with
counterterrorism and intelligence officials throughout the day.


Europeans in general have been expecting attacks such as the one in Brussels,
King said. "I think these things, for a while anyway, are more or less
inevitable," he added.


"As we are tightening the noose on Syria and ISIS -- and I am in no sense
declaring victory -- the danger of an attack in the West is probably
increasing," King said. "They're seeking to burnish their brand, and their brand
is killing."


The United States and Western countries must confront "radicalization" of
terrorists on the ground in Muslim countries "and not just try to arrest or kill
our way out of it," he said.


King cautioned against isolating Muslim communities to the extent that they are
in Europe because that feeds discontent, which could become a recruiting tool
for those who view Western civilization as an enemy.


"It's crucial that in this country we not discriminate against or marginalize
our Muslim community" or "drive a wedge between Muslims and the community as a
whole so they feel they have no choice," King said.


"Here's what we learned," he said of this week's trip. "Europe today is where
the U.S. was before Sept. 11, [2011]," he said. "Law enforcement and
intelligence agencies are separated, fractured, stovepiped, siloed" -- much like
U.S. law enforcement and intelligence agencies were before the terrorist attacks
in this country.


King said European countries, separated by different languages, governments and
"rivalries," don't communicate with each other, despite an open border policy,
which he said creates "the worst of all possible situations."


"In fact, that happened," he said of the November 2015 attacks in Paris. "The
plot was hatched in Belgium, then they went to Paris.  The combination of lack
of communication and open borders creates a very dangerous situation."


King said he suggested that although European countries are historically
reluctant to share information with each other, more sophisticated terrorists
and open borders make it more necessary. He said he suggested they use Interpol
as "a neutral repository" to share intelligence "without threatening
sovereignty."


"The open border policy is very important to them, but if there are many more
attacks like this, they're going to have to rethink this," he said.


King said he is frustrated that the United States, where Facebook, Instagram and
other social media was created, is "not equipped to confront the war of ideas."


"The thing that keeps me up at night is [the thought of an] American citizen
radicalized online," he said. "On Facebook, he gets a terrorist [All Points
Bulletin] from ISIS, he gets a gun and he goes and kills somebody."


While concerns about terrorism were heightened by the Brussels attack, King said
the FBI and other agencies have made amazing progress protecting the U.S.
against attacks. But there always will be vulnerabilities, he said.


"The problem is, if you're 99.9 percent effective, you're still going to lose
lives," King said.


King said the very freedom inherent in the United States makes citizens
vulnerable to attack.


"Could we have prevented the [Boston] marathon bombings? Sure, if we had
National Guard troops shoulder to shoulder all along the 26-mile route," he
said. "But we want our freedom. We don't want a police state."


King said he would not discourage family members from traveling because of
heightened concern about terrorist threats.


"Sure, there's a risk. But there's a risk crossing the street. If we stop
moving, that's what they want," he said.


King said the United States may need to increase its spending on defense and
intelligence "in certain areas," but he added that leaders of European countries
realize they will need to shoulder more of the cost of defense against ISIS and
other threats, so the financial burden doesn't fall disproportionately on U.S.
taxpayers.

LOAD-DATE: March 26, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Bangor Daily News


                              32 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                    Wilkes Barre Times Leader (Pennsylvania)

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday

Convention coverage could be cut in '08;
A threatened boycott of the major network anchors could further marginalize
meetings.

BYLINE: McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: A; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 503 words


MINNEAPOLIS - As a handful of American cities vie for the honor of hosting the
2008 national political conventions, changes are under way that could further
marginalize their value as tools to grab the country's attention and shape the
final months of the presidential campaign.

The key change could be a long-threatened boycott by the big TV network anchors,
who might stay home. If the evening newscasts aren't anchored from the
conventions, that would make it easier for the networks to scale back prime-time
coverage of them even more.

That would be one more step in the continual decline of what once were grand
spectacles of raw political power and democracy at work.

The reason, of course, is that the conventions stopped being loud, messy,
unpredictable - and interesting - a half-century ago. That's when they stopped
being the place where rival candidates bargained and cajoled for delegate votes.
Since the 1950s, candidates have won their votes in primaries and shown up at
the increasingly scripted conventions to accept nominations already
long-decided.

To be sure, there have been exceptions that grabbed the nation's attention.
Riots outside the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago. A
down-to-the-wire fight between Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan for the nomination
at the 1976 Republican National Convention in Kansas City, Mo. Discussion of a
possible Reagan and Ford co-presidency at the 1980 convention in Detroit.

But mostly, the conventions are a snore, one that more and more people tune out.

In 2004, the major networks aired only one hour of live coverage a night.

Now comes the next step.

The two parties will hold their 2008 conventions back to back for the first time
in history. The Democrats will have theirs Aug. 25-28, and the Republicans the
next week, Sept. 1-4. (The party that holds the White House always goes second.)

That means the Democratic candidate will have at best only three days to ride
the bounce out of his or her convention before the attention of the
already-limited political audience turns to the Republican convention.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Wilkes Barre Times Leader
                              All Rights Reserved


                              33 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 18, 2002 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A CONVERSATION WITH/Kate O'Hanlan;
Promising Judgments That Are Purely Medical

BYLINE:  By CLAUDIA DREIFUS

SECTION: Section F; Column 2; Health & Fitness; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1171 words

DATELINE: PORTOLA VALLEY, Calif.


On a waiting room wall at Dr. Katherine A. O'Hanlan's office sits a small framed
sign that reads: "This office appreciates the diversity of women and does not
discriminate based on race, age, religion, ability, marital status, sexual
orientation, gender or perceived gender."

The sign is a prominent way of announcing a philosophy behind a medical
practice. Kate O'Hanlan, 48, an oncological gynecologist affiliated with the
Stanford University Medical Center, is a lesbian, a feminist and the past
president of the Gay and Lesbian Medical Association. She has designed her
office here, between San Francisco and San Jose, around a vision of what she
believes patients want from a gynecologist.

She has a library of loose-leaf binders with information on topics like
osteoporosis, breast cancer and cervical cancer. Each new patient receives a
24-page single-spaced brochure that the doctor prepared on prevention strategies
and treatments for common maladies.

In the examination room, a machine with a camera lets patients see the organs
the doctor is viewing.

"I want patients to feel I'm their healer, not their plumber," Dr. O'Hanlan
said. "I treat them with respect, which means that I give them the information
they need. People feel better when they sense they are being respected."

Q.  During examinations, you ask your patients, "Are you sexual with men, women
or both?" Why ask that question?

A.  There are two reasons for it. The first is to signal my patients that I will
respect them if they are lesbian, heterosexual or transgendered. The second is
that I find it a good way to ask people about their behavior.

If a patient is lesbian, it's only going to alienate her if I ask, "Do you use
birth control when you are being sexual?" That's an extremely loaded question
because it presumes heterosexuality. To a lesbian, it can seem to her like the
doctor is making a judgment, disrespecting her, rendering her invisible.

What I think is particularly useful about the way I've phrased my question is
that it doesn't ask people to label themselves. Seventy to 90 percent of all
lesbians have had sex with men, some within the last few years.

Q.  Are the health problems of gay women all that different from those of
heterosexual ones?

A.  From some surveys done in the early 1990's, it seems that lesbians have a
richer concentration of risk factors for gynecological cancers, as well as other
cancers and heart disease. Gay women seem to eat more, drink more, smoke more.
We need more research to see why.

Now, I should tell you that my practice -- I treat cancers of the female
reproductive system -- is not disproportionately lesbian, though my gay patients
are always glad to discover I am a lesbian.

Q.  Is there a fear of doctors among many lesbians?

A.  There seems to be a lot of anticipatory fear. If you've experienced
homophobia, you expect the doctor to disdain you, not have time for you or might
be trying to change you, and you will be less likely to go for help.

Many, many gay women say they don't go for health care because they've had
negative experiences with discriminating doctors, or even with well-meaning ones
who unintentionally marginalized them.

Q.  When you say that gynecologists often marginalize their lesbian patients,
what do you mean?

A.  Let me give you an example. The very moment a woman walks into a
gynecologist's office, she is handed a questionnaire. Under marital status,
there are five different options to check, and all of them presume
heterosexuality -- married, widowed, divorced, separated or single.

That questionnaire, right there, marginalizes lesbians. A sixth check-off box
for "domestic partnership" might recognize her situation.

Q.  During your medical training, what were the attitudes that you observed
toward homosexuals?

A.  In the early years, the 1970's and early 80's, I mostly saw homophobia. I
was in the closet then, and when you're in the closet, you hear all kinds of
things. It's one good reason to get out of the closest, to stop people from
saying bigoted things in front of you. Generally, they don't.

At medical school, the Medical College of Virginia, they would make fun of women
who were not feminine. They mocked gay men for their perceived femininity.

I was a resident at the Georgia Baptist Medical Center in the early 1980's, when
the AIDS epidemic first struck, and I heard people making fun of AIDS patients.
I never said a thing. The year I was there, I was the only woman resident. I was
admitted despite the fact they'd voted not to have any women and I was told that
fact many times. All they needed to know was I was a lesbian!

Q.  Did you always know you were gay?

A.  My first knowledge of being a lesbian came when I was 5 years old and I
liked the same girl that my brother did. Even then, I knew to hide it.

By the time I was 32, I was in Philadelphia, on a cancer fellowship at Thomas
Jefferson Hospital and I began dating a younger woman. I was the first lady that
she'd ever dated, and she kept trying to hold my hand when we were around the
hospital. I gave her a lot of grief about that: "I'm negotiating a career here."

And she said back to me: 'I'm not going to learn your shame. Whatever I do, I
hold my head up high." She had to teach me that a career is not important unless
you are valued as a person.

When we later moved to New York so that I could teach at Albert Einstein Medical
College, I began slowly coming out by incorporating her in my conversations with
colleagues. While at Einstein, I discovered that all of my colleagues' married
spouses had health insurance and my can't-get-married spouse didn't.

So in 1988, with the help of my departmental chair, Dr. Irwin Merkatz, we got
Albert Einstein to provide domestic partner benefits. It was a first, I believe,
for American medical centers. A few years later, when we moved here to Stanford,
we did something similar.

Q.  You've pioneered new uses for laparoscopes, instruments where hysterectomies
are entirely performed through tiny incisions in the navel. Why is this such a
breakthrough?

A.  Because women have shorter stays in the hospital, less pain, less
disfigurement from the surgery. There's a quicker return to work, without
sacrificing a thing.

Q.  Don't you worry that the laparoscopic procedure will lead to more
unnecessary hysterectomies?

A.  I think the answer to that is an informed patient who knows how to say no
when she's told she needs a hysterectomy for the smallest uterine fibroid. In my
practice, the bottom line for hysterectomy is, Do the fibroids bother the
patient?

Interestingly, because there is such widespread distrust of doctors when it
comes to hysterectomy, I've seen a lot of women trying to preserve uteruses that
really were a problem to them. When I'd suggest hysterectomy, the patient would
say, "I don't want an unnecessary operation."

And then, I'd have to say: "Listen, you are having intense bleeding. You are
anemic. You are missing a day and a half of work every month. This is affecting
the quality of your life. Respect yourself."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Dr. Katherine A. O'Hanlan, an oncological gynecologist, says of
her patients, "People feel better when they sense they are being respected."
(Susan Spann for The New York Times)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Interview

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2002 The New York Times Company


                              34 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                     November 3, 2002 Sunday Final Edition

Arrogant Air Canada runs from competition: Cancelling flight marginalizes city:
AIR SERVICES

BYLINE: Dave Taylor

SECTION: Letters; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 256 words

Re: "Air Canada drops L.A. flight," Journal, Oct. 29.

Air Canada has done it again with the cancellation of the Edmonton-Los Angeles
non-stop service and the airline continues to marginalize the Edmonton market
with "new" products such as discount Zip Air.

Zip, which is replacing the full service product completely on routes such as
Edmonton-Vancouver, is not however replacing Air Canada full service between
Calgary-Vancouver, which is a shorter flight!

Tango, which we are told is doing very well and being introduced into new
markets including U.S. leisure destinations such as Florida from Eastern Canada,
is no where to be found as a replacement for the Air Canada full service to Los
Angeles. Why?

Air Canada says that the high-yield traveller is not there to support the
service. No kidding! What business is there between Edmonton and Los Angeles?
Why can they not replace the full service with Tango and maintain one of a very
few leisure routes Edmonton is lucky enough to get?

Perhaps the real reason is the soon to be launched HMY Airways, which has
indicated that they will be flying a Boeing 757 with a potential capacity of 220
passengers several times a week between Edmonton and Los Angeles versus a 737 or
A319 with about 100 seats each.

The arrogance level may be so high at Air Canada that they do not want the image
of pulling out of a Canadian service for competitive reasons but would rather
find convenient reasons to pull out prior to competition.

Good luck, HMY!

Dave Taylor,

St. Albert

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The Journal, File; Hollywood-style hoopla when Air Canada
started Los Angeles route.

TYPE: Letter

               Copyright 2002 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              35 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            October 16, 2007 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

World Report

BYLINE: Star News Services

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. D2

LENGTH: 1602  words


RUSSIA

PUTIN SHRUGS OFF PLOT REPORT, EXPECTED IN IRAN

TEHRAN - Russian President Vladimir Putin, brushing off the threat of a reported
plot to assassinate him, is expected to go ahead with a planned visit to Iran
today focusing on Tehran's nuclear row with the West.

Putin, whose tough-guy image has made him hugely popular at home, visits the
Islamic Republic ahead of parliamentary elections in December and speculation on
how he will maintain a grasp on power in Russia after he quits the top Kremlin
job.

In the first visit by a Russian leader since Josef Stalin's in 1943, Putin will
meet Iranian President Mahmoud Ahmadinejad, who is fighting calls from Western
powers to shut down nuclear work that Washington says is aimed at building
atomic bombs.

Kremlin officials had earlier said plans for the visit were in doubt after a
Russian news agency report said suicide bombers and kidnappers were hatching a
plot to kill him there.

"Of course I am going to Iran," Putin said in Germany on Monday. "If we have a
chance to keep up these direct contacts, then we will do it, hoping for a
positive, mutually advantageous result."

Iran called the report on the alleged plot "psychological warfare" by its
enemies -- an apparent reference to Western powers -- to undermine
Russian-Iranian relations.

MIDEAST

RICE SEEKS TO MARGINALIZE HAMAS IN PEACE PROCESS

JERUSALEM - U.S. Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice on Monday expressed hope
that a successful negotiated vision of a Palestinian state will marginalize
Hamas, the militant group that controls the Gaza Strip.

"There will have to come a time when the Palestinian people will have to decide
whether the prospect of that state is in their interest, and I think they will
decide that it is," Rice said after meeting with Palestinian Authority President
Mahmoud Abbas.

"But people are going to have to accept that it means accepting the existence of
Israel and the right of Israel to exist."

Rice met with Abbas in the West Bank city of Ramallah as part of several days of
meetings building toward a proposed peace conference next month in Annapolis,
Md.

She repeatedly called for the establishment of an independent Palestinian state.
But she also made it clear that Hamas' Islamist movement, which won Palestinian
parliamentary elections last year and calls for Israel's destruction, would have
no role in upcoming negotiations.

HEZBOLLAH, ISRAEL IN PARTIAL PRISONER SWAP

NAQOURA, Lebanon - Israel and Hezbollah exchanged the remains of an Israeli
civilian on Monday for a captive Lebanese guerrilla and the bodies of two
comrades in a UN-brokered deal.

The sworn enemies indicated the swap could bolster UN efforts to secure the
release of two Israeli soldiers whose capture triggered last year's war between
Israel as well as Hezbollah and Lebanese prisoners held by the Jewish state.

Lebanese sources and Israeli officials said Hezbollah handed over the remains of
Gabriel Dwait, an Ethiopian immigrant who drowned in January 2005. A Lebanese
source said his body had been washed to the Lebanese coast where fishermen found
it and handed it over to Hezbollah.

Israel freed prisoner Hassan Naim Aqil, a Hezbollah fighter captured in the 2006
war, and handed over the bodies of Ali Wizwaz and Mohammed Damashqiah, who had
apparently been taken to Israel after they died in the fighting in Lebanon.

In addition to Dwait's body, Israel received "additional information about other
cases" of missing Israelis, an Israeli official said.

RABIN ASSASSIN DENIED LEAVE FOR CIRCUMCISION

JERUSALEM - Israel's prison service on Monday denied permission for the jailed
assassin of prime minister Yitzhak Rabin to leave his prison cell to attend the
circumcision of his soon-to-be born son.

"The prisoner Yigal Amir's request was rejected. He can neither leave nor can
the circumcision be conducted at the prison," a spokeswoman said.

Amir's wife, divorcee Larissa Trimbobler, asked for her jailed husband to be
allowed out to attend her new baby's circumcision, citing what she called his
"basic right."

Trimbobler, who is already a mother of four, married Amir by proxy in 2004 and
is expected to give birth to their baby within days, after the couple were
granted conjugal visits.

Israel's Yediot Aharonot newspaper suggested that Amir's son could be born on
Oct. 24, exactly 12 years to the day since his father shot dead Rabin at a Tel
Aviv peace rally according to the Hebrew calendar.

OCEANIA

AUSTRALIAN WOMAN FIGHTS OFF SHARK ATTACK

SYDNEY - A 52-year-old woman described Monday how she fought off a Great White
shark that attacked her off Australia's east coast, escaping the potentially
deadly encounter with only cuts to her hand.

Linda Whitehurst told national television she thought the animal was going to
take off her leg after it tipped her from a sea kayak at The Pass, a popular
surfing beach near the resort of Byron Bay, north of Sydney.

"My ankle's gone, he's going to grab a leg -- that's what I thought," Whitehurst
told Network Ten.

"I just kept punching, punching, punching," she said, demonstrating how she
thrust a paddle at the shark.

She was treated at the Byron Bay District Hospital for a bite wound.

"She received a few stitches in her arm but there was no other damage,
fortunately," a hospital spokesman told Australian Associated Press.

PACIFIC MICRO-STATE FEARS IT WILL GET SWAMPED

SYDNEY - One of the world's tiniest countries fears it will be wiped off the map
unless rich nations act against global warming.

Niue, a former British territory in the South Pacific, faces environmental and
social catastrophe if sea levels continue to rise.

The micro-state, whose name means "behold, a coconut," consists of a single
raised coral atoll and is inhabited by 2,500 people.

"We are scared," the island's premier, Young Vivian, said Monday on the eve of a
summit between Pacific island nations in Tonga.

"I am not a scientist, but I have been told our time is short -- a few decades."

ASIA

MOTHER THROWS CHILDREN, SELF TO DEATH IN HONG KONG

HONG KONG - A woman apparently threw her children -- who were tied up -- from
the 24th floor of a Hong Kong apartment building before jumping to her own
death, police and media reports said Monday.

The 12-year-old girl was found dead on Sunday with her hands and legs tied
together, while her nine-year-old brother also had his hands bound, police said
in a statement.

The woman, whose husband is terminally ill with cancer, then threw herself off
the building, reports said.

EUROPE

GOSSIP MORE POWERFUL THAN TRUTH: RESEARCHERS

LONDON - Gossip is more powerful than truth, a study showed Monday, suggesting
people believe what they hear through the grapevine even if they have evidence
to the contrary.

Researchers, testing students using a computer game, also found gossip played an
important role when people make decisions, said Ralf Sommerfeld, an evolutionary
biologist at the Max Planck Institute in Germany, who led the study.

"We show that gossip has a strong influence ... even when participants have
access to the original information as well as gossip about the same
information," the researchers wrote in the Proceedings of the National Academy
of Sciences.

"Thus, it is evident that gossip has a strong manipulative potential."

ENGLISH 'PULL OWN TEETH' AS DENTAL SERVICE DECAYS

LONDON - Falling numbers of state dentists in England has led to some people
taking extreme measures, including extracting their own teeth, according to a
new study released Monday.

Others have used superglue to stick crowns back on, rather than stumping up for
private treatment, said the study. One person spoke of carrying out 14 separate
extractions on himself with pliers.

More typically, a lack of publicly-funded dentists means that growing numbers go
private: 78 per cent of private patients said they were there because they could
not find a National Health Service (NHS) dentist, and only 15 per cent because
of better treatment.

"This is an uncomfortable read for all of us, and poses serious questions to
politicians from patients," said Sharon Grant of the Commission for Patient and
Public Involvement in Health.

UKRAINE 'ORANGE' PARTIES TO FORM COALITION

KIEV - Parties linked to Ukraine's Orange Revolution initialled a post-election
coalition agreement on Monday, putting pro-Western Yulia Tymoshenko on course to
form the next government.

Tymoshenko was President Viktor Yushchenko's first prime minister after weeks of
mass "orange" rallies in 2004 swept him to power, but she was sacked within
eight months.

Monday's agreement followed the announcement of official results from a
parliamentary election in which two "orange" parties won a wafer-thin majority.
As head of the larger group, Tymoshenko is almost certain to be restored to her
former job.

U.S. TRIO WINS NOBEL ECONOMICS PRIZE

STOCKHOLM - Leonid Hurwicz, Eric Maskin and Roger Myerson of the United States
won the 2007 Nobel Economics Prize on Monday for their pioneering work on making
markets work more efficiently.

The Nobel jury said the three took the prize for their work on Mechanism Design
theory, a sub-field of economics that looks at ways to make imperfect markets --
be they of economic or social exchanges -- work better than they do.

The theory, initiated by Hurwicz in 1960 and further developed by Maskin and
Myerson in the late 1970s, "has helped economists identify efficient trading
mechanisms, regulation schemes and voting procedures," the jury said. The theory
can, for example, help identify mechanisms that would realize the largest gains
from trade, maximize a seller's expected gain or provide an insurance scheme
that gives the best coverage without inviting misuse.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Colour Photo: Chumsak Kanoknan, Agence France-Presse/Getty Images; GAIN THROUGH
PAIN: A Thai devotee pierces his cheek with a metal spike during the vegetarian
festival in Phuket island, Thailand, Monday. The participants feel the gods take
over their bodies during the festival, manifesting supernatural powers and then
perform self torture in order to remove any evil brought upon themselves and to
bring the community good luck. ;
Colour Photo: Vladimir Putin ;
Colour Photo: Condoleezza Rice ;
Colour Photo: Yulia Tymoshenko ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2007 Windsor Star, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              36 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             May 22, 2008 Thursday

Did the Reformer marginalize Pollina?

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1428 words


Editor of the Reformer:

Last week, the Speaker of the Vermont House announced that she is running for
governor. She is the fifth candidate that the Democratic Party has tried to
recruit and they finally got a taker.

The next day the Brattleboro Reformer ran an editorial ("Now, it's a real race,"
May 13) in which they all but endorsed Speaker Symington. At the same time, they
bent over backwards to marginalize Anthony Pollina, the Progressive Party
candidate who officially declared in March.

Contrary to the Reformer's claim, Pollina represents a clear choice from
Symington and Governor Douglas who have found common ground on a number of major
issues. For example, in the spring of 2005 Symington was one of the primary
architects who worked out a Memorandum of Understanding behind closed doors with
representatives of the Douglas administration and Entergy. This soon resulted in
the green light for Vermont Yankee to put radioactive waste in dry casks on the
banks of the Connecticut River. Without the MOU and approval for dry casks
Vermont Yankee would have run out of storage space for its spent fuel rods this
year and would now be shutting down.

Since Pollina is on record supporting real green energy initiatives and jobs,
meaningful conservation efforts and the "green fielding" of Vermont Yankee when
its license expires in 2012, I'm puzzled as to why the Reformer has jumped so
quickly to belittling Pollina's bid for governor.

Could it have something to do with the eight full page ads (value $20,000 plus)
that Entergy and its allies have run over the past two months touting Vermont
Yankee?

Peter Cooper,

Brattleboro, May 18

One playwright's perspective

Editor of the Reformer:

I was dismayed when I read in the Reformer the news that Zeke Hecker's "The
Lift" had closed because of an audience member's threats. But I didn't know the
details, and we, the public, still don't know the details as I write this, so I
can't address the specific case except in general terms.

As some letters have recently suggested, it is the nature of theatre to hold a
mirror up to society. There will always be people who cannot deal with their own
discomfort. I've had audience members in the Midwest walk out during some of my
plays when they were offended by the lesbian content. In another play, the board
of the Performing Arts Center threatened to close down my show before it had
even opened when one of their members, a fundamentalist, pitched a fit over the
erotic content, threatening this that and the other, cloaked under the guise of
protecting the innocent who may wander into my play, all unawares, and be
corrupted. Censorship attempts tend to reflect the values of the individual, the
place, and the times, and thus are arbitrary. The moral of the story is that the
entire theatre and arts community in the city was swiftly galvanized to defend
the right of the show to go on, and the self-appointed morality police quickly
stepped down. There are a number of back-ups, legal and otherwise, to protect
playwrights and theatres, including the Dramatist's Guild, if it comes to that.
Every playwright long enough in the game will have similar experiences.

Given that there will always be conflicting opinions in the audience of any play
worth its salt, the onus falls on the theatres and community to support one
another in the face of censorship. It seems that this is happening now as the
word spreads, especially with the weighty letter from the Arts Council decrying
the show's closing. Dealing with censorship and threats is very distressing for
everyone involved in the production. No director nor playwright nor company
should feel they are isolated and without recourse. My hope is that, championed
by the community, "The Lift" will resume its run, and that this unfortunate
occurrence will help prevent similar incidents in future.

Suzanne d'Corsey,

Brattleboro, May 16

Holocaust play deeply moving

Editor of the Reformer:

Tears filled my eyes on Saturday evening as I witnessed "Kaddish -- a mourner's
celebration of life" at the Main Theatre of Redfern Arts Center at Keene State
College. I was profoundly moved by the words of remembrance of the Holocaust
survivors that Lawrence Siegel so accurately and emotionally fashioned for
chorus and chamber ensemble. Congratulations to Mr. Siegel for allowing us to
experience such a moving performance, and to feel, as he wrote in the program
notes, "the shadow of what the survivors felt and feel." His performance has
added to my life a deeper sense of the Holocaust, one that I will carry with me
from this day on. I would also like to express my appreciation for all the
individuals who brought "Kaddish" to Keene and especially Jan and Rick Cohen who
have provided a means for all of us to "repair the world."

Francis D. Walsh,

Chesterfield, N.H., May 4

Ride a bike to save gas

Editor of the Reformer:

After reading the front page story "Save Gas, Ride Bikes" (May 1), it reminded
me of one of my favorite quotes from author Jim McGurn. He said, "The bicycle is
the vehicle of a new mentality. It quietly challenges a system of values which
condones dependency, wastage, inequality of mobility and daily carnage."

Dave Cohen,

Brattleboro, May 5

On hemp ...

Editor of the Reformer:

I moved to Brattleboro last year, and having been active as an industrial hemp
advocate for over 12 years, it was an exciting time to come to Vermont.

Bill H.267, which would permit the development of an industrial hemp industry in
Vermont, had been introduced in early 2007 and was slowly working its way
through the process. The bill has since garnered overwhelming support in both
the House (126-9) and Senate (25-1) and is now on its way to Governor Douglas
for his signature. Although he has expressed reservations, stating it is not a
priority for Vermont, I humbly disagree. I urge him to follow the lead of the
voters and legislators who obviously understand the great potential and positive
impact this bill will ultimately have in Vermont, where agriculture is so
important not just to the economy but to the very nature of who and what we are.

I applaud Senator Peter Shumlin, and his peers, who worked so hard to educate
others and move this bill forward. It would have been a great shame indeed had
all the efforts poured into it been for naught.

Bill H.267 and industrial hemp hold great promise for Vermont. Let's get to work
building this industry for our future. It's time to ratchet up the pressure on
Washington, D.C., so the United States no longer holds the dubious distinction
of being the only industrialized nation in the world that does not allow its
farmers to grow industrial hemp. State action is a key part of that process.

We can eat hemp, wear it, live in it and drive in it -- but we can't grow it?
How absurd.

Eric Lineback,

Brattleboro, May 5

Honoring May Day

Editor of the Reformer:

I was excited and pleased to see the coverage of International Labor Day in the
May 2 Reformer. The events in Chicago in the late 1800s are an important part of
history. They have been obfuscated in this country, but they are still
celebrated internationally.

Many thousands of workers organized against the low wages and 18 hour work days
imposed by government and big business to "keep America competitive."

In crushing this movement, vast sums of money were spent to influence the media
and the judicial system of Chicago. Five of the leaders who had argued
eloquently for liberty and justice, an eight-hour workday, time with their
families and food for their children were railroaded to the gallows.

These champions of labor rights knew that the unjust sacrifice of their lives
would strengthen their cause. Albert Spies said, "If you think that by hanging
us you can stamp out the labor movement -- if this is your opinion, then hang
us. Here you will tread upon a spark, but here and there, and behind you and in
front of you, and everywhere, flames will blaze up." Just before he was hanged
on Nov. 11, 1887, he said, "There will come a time when our silence will be more
powerful than the voices you strangle today."

The sacrifices they made to create the middle class that made this country great
have evaporated in the re-concentration of wealth during the last 40 years. I
can't imagine they would be pleased to see workers of today fighting for
overtime as wages are too low to make ends meet on a 40-hour work week.

Why, in this time of our plummeting U.S. popularity and increasing
globalization, are we not able to join the rest of the world in celebrating our
own labor history on May Day?

William Tayler,

Putney, May 5

LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              37 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 27, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

First lady follow no guru

BYLINE: Karen Thomas

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 2D

LENGTH: 216 words


Looking for prickly points in regard to the first lady? Esquire tested those
waters, and got a two-page, typed missive from Hillary Rodham Clinton, stating:
"I have no 'gurus,' spiritual advisors or any other New Age alternative to my
Methodist faith and traditions."

Specifically, she has not "become tight" with new age lecturer Marianne
Williamson, as Esquire stated in January's issue. The mag claims Williamson
spent the night at the White House, and, according to an unidentified source,
the two women have "stayed in touch."

While "it is factually true" that they met, the first lady writes in her Jan. 20
letter to editor Edward Kosner, "the conclusion is untrue."

Clinton believes the ink behind Williamson's visit is orchestrated by folks who
"want to marginalize my expression of faith as a Christian."

"Neither Esquire nor its editor seek to 'marginalize' you," Kosner wrote in a
letter faxed to the White House Wednesday, pointing out that neither "guru" or
"spiritual adviser" is mentioned in the article (guru was in the headline,
though).

Esquire plans to publish the letter in the April issue, except the final
paragraph in which the first lady suggests a visit: She'd "be glad to offer a
cup of tea and some conversation."

Kosner "would be honored," he says.

LOAD-DATE: February 02, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Mark Wilson, AP

TYPE: People

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              38 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                             March 23, 2012 Friday

Centuries Of Injustice Vs. Female Libido

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 493  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TO THE EDITORS:

In response to the article, "Pro-choice candidates favored," there is a vast
history of the Catholic Church and Congress banning contraceptives to women in
order to preserve the church and have power and control over women's
reproductive rights, according to Ann Fessler in her book, "The Girls Who Went
Away.''

Centuries of misogyny have curtailed the libidinousness of the female gender
through religious restrictions on the female body, and in the history of
American politics, according to Ms. Fessler, a religious reformer named Anthony
Comstock, in 1872, created a bill against contraceptives because he claimed that
birth control was obscene.

The church was calling birth control sinful, and that it devalued the church
because it prevented conception. Comstock passed this ban on birth control in 20
states, which meant it was an official piece of legislation that prohibited
contraceptives to women.

This law stayed in effect from the Victorian Era right on up to the 1950s and
the 1960s. Although, around this time, birth control did become legal, but only
in certain states and only from a doctor's visit. But young women were
stigmatized when getting it from a doctor because of the issue of being unwed
and the culture of preserving female sexuality for the patriarchal groom.

Soon, though, there was the Griswold v. Connecticut law that countered
Comstock's legislation, which guaranteed all couples to the right of information
regarding conception and contraceptives. But there were still states that
prohibited contraceptives, and activists for women's reproductive rights were
being arrested and jailed under the pious law of "crimes against chastity.''

In our Constitution, church and state are supposed to be separate, but it is by
evidence of the prohibition of birth control and the arrests of activists that
the church and Congress were compromising this part of the Constitution.

And to close this letter with an overview of injustices against female libido,
the Victorian Era didn't allow women to eat meat because it stimulated their
sexual desire, and from this, a phenomenon of controlling women's appetites and
body shape morphed into a social disgrace, according to the book, "The Fasting
Girl.''

The word "platonic'' comes from the Greek philosopher Plato, who claimed that
sex with women was a sin, and that man had to fall away from the body and
marginalize himself in prayer, thus came the word "platonic'' or the phrase
"platonic relationship,'' according to the book, "Misogyny The World's Oldest
Prejudice.''

And in present, according to Susan J. Douglas, in her book, "Enlightened
Sexism,'' women in America do not have sexual equality with men, because women
are objectified as sex objects in the mass media, in shows like "Girls Gone
Wild,'' "The Bachelor'' and others that marginalize women into a market and
display femininity as "hypersexual,'' and only serves members of the patriarch.

Katrina Morrow

Lancaster

LOAD-DATE: March 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              39 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    April 16, 1998, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

'Big' in-their-face documentarian's 'Random Thoughts'

BYLINE: Claudia Puig

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 1222 words


Guerrilla-style documentarian -- and former seminarian -- Michael
Moore practices what he preaches.

On a recent visit to Los Angeles he was given a driver to shuttle
him around town between publicity stops for his new movie, The
Big One, and production meetings for a sitcom pilot.

"On the way to the hotel tonight, the driver says to me, 'I'm
staying with you the rest of the night, Mr. Moore, whatever you
need,' " says Moore, grabbing a quick dinner at a West Hollywood
hotel before the L.A. premiere of his movie.

"I asked him, 'What time did you come on today?' He says, 'Five
a.m.' I said, 'What are you doing here? Go home.' He says, 'That's
OK. I don't have a family.' "


Moore shakes his head and sighs. "I said, 'Did you ever think
that maybe the reason you don't have one is because you're driving
me around? Get off the clock here and figure out how to start
a family.' "

Perhaps it is his line of work, but Moore runs into similarly
overworked folks all across the country.

"Some people want to see the 4.6% lowest unemployment in 24 years,"
he says. "They see that little statistic and feel good about
it. I see something else."

What he can't help but see is featured in The Big One, which
follows Moore on a 47-city book tour to promote his best seller,
Downsize This: Random Thoughts From an Unarmed American.
In the film, Moore takes on (some would say ambushes) corporate
honchos who have laid off dozens to thousands of workers or shut
down entire operations. The documentary opened in several cities
last week and will expand to 30 more Friday.

In 1989, the then-unknown Moore made his first documentary, Roger
and Me, about the economic debacle faced in his hometown of
Flint, Mich., when General Motors closed its plant there. He spent
90 minutes in search of General Motors chairman Roger Smith. Roger
and Me cost a minuscule $ 200,000. The movie became one of
the highest-grossing documentaries ever, going on to make $ 6.2
million. .

Man with a mission

Many regard Moore as a latter-day Robin Hood with a camera. In
his quest to minimize corporate greed, Moore faces down executives
who preach the gospel of the bottom line and profit above all
-- and records it for posterity.

He gives half of all the money he makes to charities, schools
and struggling filmmakers.

Though passionate about unemployment, Moore doesn't see himself
as an activist attempting to right the wrongs of corporate America.

"I don't think anybody should consider themselves that. Everyone
should consider themselves a citizen or citizen activist," he
says. "Someone like me flies in under the radar. I'm talking
about what people are going through. It's that finger on the pulse,
that raw nerve. I feel like I had to do this. Democracy is not
a spectator sport. It's a participatory act. I want change in
my lifetime. I'm not into being a poser."

The 43-year-old Moore believes he is one of the lucky ones. He
escaped a working-class life that could have resulted in his own
joblessness.

"I sort of got out; I'm not on the assembly line. So I've got
this responsibility to tell the truth about people like us who
come from the Flint, Michigans, of the country. But sometimes
people don't want to hear the truth, or they get nervous about
it, or they want to marginalize me."

Marginalize, or put him behind bars. In The Big One, Moore
is handcuffed and nearly carted off before he is able to prove
he did nothing unlawful in attempting to talk to the head of one
Midwestern candy manufacturer.

Threats of arrest have become more frequent. "I'm going to get
nailed one of these times," Moore says. "I'm going to put bail
money in the next film budget. Seriously."

Now that he has this new-found celebrity, there are some big cheeses
who want neither to marginalize nor to incarcerate him.

"Clinton wanted to meet me when he first ran for president,"
Moore says. "He wanted a photo op. I wouldn't do it."

For a man who shunned the ultimate photo opportunity, Moore is
in front of the camera a great deal in The Big One.

Moore is essentially the star of the documentary, a role he initially
felt uncomfortable with, after being behind the scenes through
most of Roger and Me. When he approaches company execs,
they know who he is, thanks to his earlier movie, the television
show he created, TV Nation, and his best-selling book.

Point, counterpoint

Some detractors knock him not so much for his in-your-face tactics
but for injecting his growing celebrity and ego into The Big
One.

"Heartbreaking in its capacity to inspire a longing for something
beyond the cult of personality, this is the only movie I know
which opens with applause for the director," writes J. Hoberman
of The Village Voice, referring to Moore's stand-up schtick
at the film's start and peppered throughout. "It's as if Moore
is providing his own sycophantic rockumentary. The Big One
takes its title from Moore's proposed new name for America,
but long before it ends it's describing his ego. There's not even
room for Roger this time around. Why not call it Me?"

Moore's take: "I'm sure some people are going to say, 'Who does
he think he is?' I debated it, but at one point I just said, 'To
hell with it.' I really want to show the response that people
are having to the message. They are not standing and applauding
me. What they're applauding is 'My God, somebody is saying something
that we feel.' We don't hear our voice, working-class people.
We don't have TV shows, we don't have newspapers. So what do we
have?"

Workers of the world, and filmgoers everywhere, have Michael Moore.

Even CEOs have Moore.

A highlight of the film is Moore's only showdown with a CEO, Phil
Knight of Nike. (No others would deign to meet with him on camera.)

Knight, who had read Moore's book, hears the filmmaker is in town
and invites him to visit Nike's Portland, Ore., headquarters.

Once there, Moore is genial and warm but keeps his hard-line stance.
He offers Knight a pair of plane tickets to Indonesia so the two
can observe the substandard working conditions in Nike plants,
which Moore says employ 14-year-old girls for less than 40 cents
an hour in a country known for human rights violations.

Knight declines but remains congenial. Moore is indefatigable
and tries to persuade the executive to open up a plant in Flint.
Knight insists that Americans simply don't want to make shoes
for a living.

"If I can find 500 people who want those jobs, will you come
to Flint?" he asks.

Knight says he will "explore" the possibility, his smile wearing
thin. While the cameras roll, he presents Moore with his very
own pair of American-made black Nikes.

The scene that Moore didn't put in the movie is what immediately
followed.

"Literally five minutes after they handed me those shoes, a PR
person bursts in and says, 'They just discovered 35 bodies near
San Diego. This cult committed mass suicide, and they're all wearing
these black Nikes,' " Moore says.

The PR person politely suggested Moore give them back. Moore wouldn't
hear of it.

"But I've been nervous about it," he says. "I've never put
them on."

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Todd Bigelow for USA TODAY; PHOTO, B/W, Miramax Films

                      Copyright 1998 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              40 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 11, 2015 Sunday
                             Politifact.com Edition

FACT-CHECKING THE OCT. 11 SUNDAY SHOWS

BYLINE: JON GREENBERG, LINDA QIU, AARON SHAROCKMAN

SECTION: POLITIFACT

LENGTH: 638 words


Some of the most conservative members of the U.S. House are being criticized for
hijacking the election of John Boehner's replacement as House speaker.

But are some congressional Republicans going as far as to call for members of
the Freedom Caucus to be kicked out of the party?

That's a claim one member of the Freedom Caucus, Rep. Dave Brat of Virginia,
made Sunday on Meet the Press. Brat was debating who the next speaker should be
with Rep. Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania.

"I follow the American people. Charlie here wants us to follow, like a caucus or
whatever," Brat said. "He wants to kick us out of our conference for voting our
conscience."

"I don't want to do that," Dent responded.

"You're on record last week saying it," Brat said.

Seems like a perfect case for fact-checkers.

Brat's claim that Republicans like Dent want to kick out the Freedom Caucus
rates False.

Neither Brat nor his office got back to us with evidence. Dent told us he never
made such a statement, but suggested Brat may have been confusing him with
California Rep. Devin Nunes, a Republican and Boehner and McCarthy ally.

"I would strongly encourage those who don't want to be part of a caucus
structure in our own party - they should go form their own party," Nunes told
Breitbart.

Dent, for his part, said he's never endorsed that position.

"I don't think that's a good idea. My view on this is you have to work around
them," Dent said in an interview with PolitiFact. "I have said the leadership
should try to marginalize those individuals, not by excommunicating them or by
punishing them. You negotiate a bipartisan agreement and you make them less
relevant. That's what we've done."

The record supports Dent. We searched three databases - Lexis Nexis, CQ and
Google News - and couldn't find any instance of Dent saying he wants to expel or
punish the Freedom Caucus.

That doesn't mean Dent is a fan of the Freedom Caucus. He repeatedly calls them
"rejectionists" and calls for the party to marginalize them and not "appease"
their "unreasonable demands." He said they "fragged" Boehner and McCarthy. And
he insinuated that they're part of the reason why Republicans "don't have 218
votes for a bathroom break."

---

Jobs picture

Elsewhere, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Weston, appeared on CNN's State of
the Union to discuss a host of issues, including the Democratic presidential
primary. At one point, she described this "fact":

"When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a
month," Wasserman Schultz said.

That claim rates Mostly True.

Wasserman Schultz was thinking of President George W. Bush and particularly the
last few months of his presidency, November 2008 through January 2009. President
Barack Obama took office on Jan. 20, 2009, so it's reasonable to count that
month as part of the Bush legacy.

Using those parameters, information from the Bureau of Labor Statistics backs
her up.

Those three months saw the nation lose an average of 752,000 jobs.

If Wasserman Schultz had chosen a longer period, say the last full year, the
losses would have averaged about 365,000 per month. The losses would shrink even
more if you look at longer periods of time.

A couple of other notes.

Wasserman Schultz didn't mention that job losses remained at or above the
700,000 mark for the first two months of Obama's presidency before they began to
decline.

And, of course, Wasserman Schultz's statement implies that conservative
Republican policies alone brought about a massive loss of jobs. The reality is
more complicated. Some analysts believe that a portion of the blame goes back to
policies that enjoyed Democratic support, including changes in financial
regulation passed during the Clinton administration.

* * *

About this article

Researchers: Jon Greenberg, Linda Qiu

Names in this article: Dave Brat, Debbie Wasserman Schultz

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - NYT: House Majority Leader Kevin McCarthy (R-Calif.) ,
surrounded by reporters, unexpectedly dropped his bid to be House Speaker.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              41 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            August 25, 2007 Saturday
                                  ALL EDITION

MERIT PAY HARD TO IMPLEMENT

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 449 words


I recently retired after 32 years of teaching, having worked with many excellent
teachers, many of whom would have been worthy of merit pay.

They were organized, thorough, motivating and knowledgeable. They incorporated
creativity, technology, caring and real-life experiences into their classrooms
to make learning exciting and relevant. They had high expectations for
themselves and their students. They cooperated with special education teachers
and staff to involve special education students.

While most school administrators do good work, they do not have in-depth
knowledge of all the subject matter being taught when they complete teacher
evaluations.

The burden on teachers and administrators can be confounded when parents
complain that their children received a lower grade than what the parents
perceived they deserved, thus putting pressure on teachers to lower their own
standards.

Because administrators need to deal with so many complex issues, they have time
to observe and evaluate only a small sampling of what transpires in classrooms
during the school year.

Merit pay sounds good in theory, but its valid and equitable implementation is
difficult to achieve.

- Nancy Slavik, Mazomanie

DEAR GOD, RAIN CAN STOP NOW

The next time I pray for rain, I'm going to remember to specify an amount.

- Pearl Navis, Madison

IGNORE POLITICAL BLOGS AT YOUR PERIL

So let me get this straight. One of the biggest stories not being covered by the
mainstream media is the verifiable impact the progressive blog community is
having on politics, and the Wisconsin State Journal's coverage consists of a
column on Thursday by Jonah Goldberg. Are you kidding?

The reason why the progressive movement flourishes on the Internet is because it
is not controlled by the traditional powers. As Al Gore says in his book "The
Assault on Reason," the Internet has the potential to revitalize the role played
by the people in our constitutional framework. That's what scares the
established powers in this country, and is exactly why people like Goldberg
attempt to marginalize it.

Who is Goldberg? To say it nicely, he is a conservative commentator. I wonder
why a conservative commentator might try to marginalize the force which will
destroy his type of politics?

As Mohandas Gandhi famously said, "First they ignore you, then they laugh at
you, then they fight you, then you win."

- Todd Johnston, Madison

PRECEDENT OF SANCTION NEEDED

A failure to hold Vice President Dick Cheney - and President Bush - accountable
for their offenses against the Constitution, good governance and simple decency
would ratify those offenses and make them precedents for worse behavior in
succeeding administrations.

- Alan Bickley, Madison

LOAD-DATE: August 26, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2007 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              42 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                          September 30, 2006 Saturday

Movies: Do you 'Believe' Orem filmmaker can swing the Michigan election?

BYLINE: Sean P. Means MOVIES

SECTION: MOVIES; Sunday Arts; Entertainment; Film; Features

LENGTH: 664 words


A funny thing happened to Orem filmmaker Loki Mulholland on the way to promoting
his independent movie, "Believe": His movie ended up smack in the middle of - or
slyly taking advantage of - the Michigan gubernatorial race.

The movie came about, Mulholland said this week, as a confluence of his
surroundings and his budget. He knew he'd be shooting on a shoestring, so "I
thought about the different formats we could shoot digitally, and mockumentary
came to mind."

As for the topic, he hit upon the world of multilevel marketing. "No one had
ever made a movie about multilevel marketing, and here we are standing in the
MLM capital of the world," Mulholland said. Thus was born "Believe," a "Spinal
Tap"-like mock-documentary about people working in a fictional MLM company.

Mulholland had four years' experience selling Amway products when he lived in
Virginia. "Like the majority of the people who get involved in multilevel
marketing, I didn't make money - I actually lost money," he said, adding that
his experiences paled in comparison to some horror stories he has heard about
pushy MLM sellers.

"We had an MLM owner in Utah who said, 'This thing's more accurate than you
realize,' " Mulholland said.

Mulholland took his movie to some film festivals, including the Flint Film
Festival in Flint, Mich. Why Michigan? Because Ada, Mich., outside Grand Rapids,
is home to Alticor Inc., parent company of Amway.

"We said, 'Let's just test this thing out, let's see how it really plays. Let's
put it in Amway country and see what people really think,' " Mulholland said.

People thought highly of it. "Believe" won the audience award at the 2005 Flint
Film Festival.

The response in Michigan was not universal. "Amway is doing its best to
marginalize us and smear us," Mulholland said, even though the movie doesn't
attack any specific MLM firm by name.

Kate Makled, manager of corporate communications at Alticor, said she has not
seen the movie and doesn't think its commentary on MLMs will affect Amway. "I
understand it's a comedy, so I think it should be judged on whether it's funny,"
she said.

Mulholland is taking "Believe" on a 20-city tour this fall, including stops in
five Michigan cities in October: Detroit, Ann Arbor, Flint, Grand Rapids and
Lansing. The timing coincides with the election - which is especially notable
because the Republican running for governor in Michigan is Dick DeVos, former
president of Amway and son of the company's founder, Rich DeVos.

DeVos is in a dead heat with the incumbent Democrat, Gov. Jennifer Granholm,
each with 47 percent of the voters, according to a Survey USA poll released
Sept. 18.

In such a tight race, Mulholland said, "If there's any issue that will tip the
scales one way or the other, it's Amway."

Jim Truscott, spokesman for the DeVos campaign, said the movie's release should
have no impact on the race. "Only the Michael Moore crowd will show up, and
nobody else really cares," Truscott said.

Interestingly, Truscott and Makled, the Alticor spokeswoman, both commented that
Mulholland is just using the timing of the election to make a buck. They also
took pains to point out that a recent screening in Lansing only drew 25 people.
(Mulholland said that screening was a limited preview for bloggers and press, to
generate publicity for the October openings.)

Will "Believe" - which should hit Utah theaters next spring - have an effect on
the Michigan election? Mulholland thinks so, "because DeVos and Amway are trying
so hard to discredit us and marginalize us. If they didn't think it would have
an impact, they wouldn't say anything about it. The best way to avoid commentary
is to embrace it. If they embrace the film and say it's great, then the press
would care less."

---

* SEAN P. MEANS writes a daily blog, "The Movie Cricket," at
http://blogs.sltrib.com/movies. Send questions or comments to Sean P. Means,
movie critic, The Salt Lake Tribune, 90 S. 400 West, Suite 700, Salt Lake City,
UT 84101, or e-mail at movies@sltrib.com.

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Sean P. Means

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              43 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                            August 24, 2015  Monday

Ovid Had No Trigger Warning

BYLINE: Rob Goodman

SECTION: THE CHRONICLE REVIEW; Opinion & Ideas

LENGTH: 1117  words

ABSTRACT

Trauma altered canonical writers' worldviews. We can't understand thinkers'
insights without understanding their ordeals.

FULL TEXT

Toward the end of his life, the Roman poet Ovid wrote that he had another story
to add to Metamorphoses, his book of traumatic changes: his own.

Tell them the face of my own fortunes can be reckoned among those Metamorphoses.
Now that face is suddenly altered from before, a cause of weeping now, though
once of joy.

By then he was an exile on the cold edge of the Black Sea, mailing Rome his
verses and pleas for the pardon for which he died waiting. Those late lines give
us our only hint of the charges against him: "a poem, and a mistake."

The humanities are immersed in an argument about the dangers of trauma in
teaching, and in the midst of that argument, I've been thinking about Ovid: not
the name that appears on a syllabus, but the person who was cut off from his
home for crossing someone powerful, and who spent the rest of his life living
and reliving the consequences.

I've been thinking about him since undergraduates at Columbia University, where
I'm a graduate student and teaching assistant, wrote a widely shared article
about the traumatic possibilities of reading stories of violence and sexual
assault in myth. In their words, Metamorphoses, "like so many texts in the
Western canon ... contains triggering and offensive material that marginalizes
student identities in the classroom. These texts, wrought with histories and
narratives of exclusion and oppression, can be difficult to read and discuss as
a survivor, a person of color, or a student from a low-income background."

To the extent that there's any public conversation about teaching and reading in
the humanities, this is mostly what it sounds like right now: an argument over
trauma, triggers, and safe spaces. I could have picked any number of other
examples to illustrate it: the California college student who pushed to have
offensive graphic novels like Persepolis "eradicated from the system"; the
award-winning high-school teacher forced from his job for reading an Allen
Ginsberg poem with his Advanced Placement students; the Title IX trials of the
Northwestern professor Laura Kipnis.

When we try to write trauma out of learning, we forget its power to radicalize.

If those Columbia students were in my classroom, I'd ask what might happen if
they were to treat Ovid, and his fellow "canonical" writers, as allies rather
than enemies. Both sides in the argument are so interested in litigating the
extent to which the humanities are a source of trauma that they have ignored the
many ways in which the humanities are the product of trauma. What if the
humanities have always been post-traumatic?

Ovid wrote some of his most searing and personal work from the crisis of exile.
And I can look down our list of required readings by other authors and see just
how many of those texts too have their roots in personal disaster.

Here is Machiavelli's The Prince, a book by a torture victim who turned to his
reading of the ancients - "that food that alone is mine and for which I was
born" - to repair his dignity after the loss of his livelihood and the violation
of his body.

Here is Hobbes's Leviathan, a book on civil peace that concludes with the memory
of a dear friend killed in civil war "who hating no man, nor hated of any, was
unfortunately slain ... by an undiscerned, and an undiscerning hand."

Here is Dostoevsky's Crime and Punishment, a book by an author who lived through
the terror of a mock execution and the despair of a prison camp before he found
the themes of his maturity - in his biographer's words, "a world of criminals
and saints, of monsters of vice or of virtue."

In fact, the whole academic enterprise in which we read these books might be
said to have grown out of a founding trauma: the judicial murder of an old
teacher, which his student Plato suffered over and worried at well into his own
old age.

To read these books with sympathy is to understand that the academy's ascendant
approach to trauma - through its destructive aspect, its power to silence,
marginalize, exclude - expresses only part of the truth.

We can express the other part of the truth without reverting to a Romantic cult
of suffering or positing any kind of predictable link between pain and insight.
We know, of course, that suffering sometimes yields nothing more than suffering,
and that even where bodies of work are marked by fear and loss, the results may
be as foreign to one another as the visionary religiosity of a Dostoevsky and
the hard realism of a Hobbes.

Yet fear and loss are also at the root of the humanities. When we try to write
trauma out of learning, we forget its power to radicalize, to stage the kind of
visceral breaks with the world that liberal education's curriculum records and
preserves.

The liberal-arts curriculum gives us more than a few instances of thinkers
almost physically shaken out of their orthodoxies.

We risk sanitizing the production of knowledge: The liberal-arts curriculum
gives us more than a few instances of thinkers who were almost physically shaken
out of their orthodoxies, the habitual ways of seeing and writing the world that
were turned by trauma into objects of disgust. And when we think of an Ovid as
something imposed on our students, as a potential trauma to be negotiated and as
a name without a story, we make him more alien to us than he needs to be.

That's why there's a place for serious, sustained stories in teaching - not
because the story of, say, Machiavelli is an interesting bit of color or
context, but because the question of how a onetime government bureaucrat came to
reject the political pieties of his day is as rich a subject as any we have to
study. And through that study, we might come to learn more about the ways in
which the passions we think of as bodily - disgust, for one - are also central
to the life of the mind.

More important, the argument about whether and how to protect students from
trauma in the classroom too often drowns out a more productive conversation, one
about the uses of trauma: the conditions under which it silences, and the
conditions in which it rebounds back on its sources, often unpredictably but
always forcefully.

The humanities are, whatever else they are, a long catalog of those uses. Taking
them seriously doesn't mean denying that our students can bring real pain to
their reading - only insisting that that very reading can show pain of similar
origins and symptoms operating at its difficult, infuriating, constructive best.

Rob Goodman, co-author of Rome's Last Citizen (Thomas Dunne Books, 2012), is a
Ph.D. student in political science at Columbia University.

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Jonathan Twingley for The Chronicle Review
Ovid Had No Trigger Warning 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              44 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                Tampa Bay Times

                            October 12, 2015 Monday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

GOP DISCORD REGISTERS FALSE CLAIM

BYLINE: LINDA QIU, AARON SHAROCKMAN, TIMES STAFF WRITERS

SECTION: NATIONAL; POLITIFACT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 808 words



HIGHLIGHT: Which, if any, House members want the Freedom Caucus kicked out of
the party?


Some of the most conservative members of the U.S. House are being criticized for
hijacking the election of John Boehner's replacement as House speaker.

But are some congressional Republicans going as far as to call for members of
the Freedom Caucus to be kicked out of the party?

That's a claim one member of the Freedom Caucus, Rep. Dave Brat of Virginia,
made Sunday on Meet the Press. Brat was debating who the next speaker should be
with Rep. Charlie Dent of Pennsylvania.

"I follow the American people. Charlie here wants us to follow, like a caucus or
whatever," Brat said. "He wants to kick us out of our conference for voting our
conscience."

"I don't want to do that," Dent responded.

"You're on record last week saying it," Brat said.

Seems like a perfect case for fact checkers.

Brat's claim that Republicans like Dent want to kick out the Freedom Caucus
rates False.

Neither Brat nor his office got back to us with evidence. Dent told us he never
made such a statement, but suggested Brat may have been confusing him with
California Rep. Devin Nunes, a Republican ally of Boehner and House Majority
Leader Kevin McCarthy.

"I would strongly encourage those who don't want to be part of a caucus
structure in our own party - they should go form their own party," Nunes said.

Dent, for his part, said he has never endorsed that position.

"I don't think that's a good idea. My view on this is you have to work around
them," Dent said in an interview with PolitiFact. "I have said the leadership
should try to marginalize those individuals, not by excommunicating them or by
punishing them. You negotiate a bipartisan agreement and you make them less
relevant. That's what we've done."

The record supports Dent. We searched three databases - Lexis Nexis, CQ and
Google News - and couldn't find any instance of Dent saying he wants to expel or
punish the Freedom Caucus.

That doesn't mean Dent is a fan of the Freedom Caucus. He repeatedly calls them
"rejectionists" and calls for the party to marginalize them and not "appease"
their "unreasonable demands." He said they "fragged" Boehner and McCarthy. And
he facetiously deemed them "the Republican study group" and insinuated that
they're the reason why Republicans "don't have 218 votes for a bathroom break."

---

Jobs picture

Elsewhere, Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Weston, appeared on CNN's State of
the Union to discuss a host of issues, including the Democratic presidential
primary. At one point, she described this "fact":

"When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a
month," Wasserman Schultz said.

That claim rates Mostly True.

Wasserman Schultz was thinking of President George W. Bush and particularly the
last few months of his presidency, November 2008 through January 2009. President
Barack Obama took office on Jan. 20, 2009, so it's reasonable to count that
month as part of the Bush legacy.

Using those parameters, information from the Bureau of Labor Statistics backs
her up.

Those three months saw the nation lose an average of 752,000 jobs.

If Wasserman Schultz had chosen a longer period, say the last full year, the
losses would have averaged about 365,000 per month. The losses would shrink even
more if you look at longer periods of time.

A couple of other notes.

Wasserman Schultz didn't mention that job losses remained at or above the
700,000 mark for the first two months of Obama's presidency before they began to
decline.

And, of course, Wasserman Schultz's statement implies that conservative
Republican policies alone brought about a massive loss of jobs. The reality is
more complicated. Some analysts believe that a portion of the blame goes back to
policies that enjoyed Democratic support, including changes in financial
regulation passed during the Clinton administration.

Jon Greenberg contributed to this report. Read the full fact-checks at
PolitiFact.com.

* * *

The statement

Says Republican Rep. Charlie Dent wants to kick the Freedom Caucus out of the
Republican conference "for voting our conscience."

U.S. Rep. Dave Brat, R-Va., on Meet the Press

---

The ruling: FALSE

Brat said Dent was on record supporting a plan to kick out the Freedom Caucus,
but there's record that we could find. Brat may have confused Dent with another
congressman, who did make that remark. Brat's claim rates False.

* * *

The statement

"When we had a conservative Republican president we were losing 750,000 jobs a
month."

U.S. Rep. Debbie Wasserman Schultz, D-Fla., on State of the Union

---

The ruling: MOSTLY TRUE

Wasserman Schultz was speaking of President George W. Bush and at the end of his
term, the monthly job losses averaged about 750,000 jobs. The average would of
course be less if she had included Bush's final 12 months - or a period longer
than that. There is an element of cherry picking here, but the overall point
holds up. We rate the claim Mostly True.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO (4)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2015 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              45 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                          December 18, 2013 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

CHAPMAN MISSES POINT ABOUT MINIMUM WAGE

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 779 words


Chapman misses point about minimum wage

Sunday columnist Steve Chapman seems to think the poor who work full time for
the federal minimum wage are overpaid. Increasing the minimum wage would reduce
corporate profits and harm the economy, according to Chapman.

The logical conclusion to that thinking would be to reduce the minimum wage to
increase corporate profits.

If the minimum wage were cut in half, twice as many workers could be employed
with no harm to the executives, by his reasoning. Pursuing that line of thought,
cutting it to one-fourth would increase employment four-fold.

He misses the point that people employed full time deserve a living wage.

- Donald L. Chambers, Madison

Ship building piece shows trickle-down works

Sunday's article on Marinette Marine and its littoral combat ship contract,
"Don't underestimate this ship's ripple effect," brought up two important
points.

First, this ship will be a great and much-needed addition to our country's naval
capabilities.

Second, the main thrust of the story shows the oft-maligned "trickle-down
economics" really does work. Or, in more appropriate terms, "A rising tide lifts
all boats."

- Christopher J. Rodel, Sun Prairie

Jobless benefits should be part of budget bill

The bipartisan budget bill recently passed by the House of Representatives is
missing one important provision - the extension of unemployment insurance for
the long-term unemployed.

In a normal economy, federal unemployment insurance would last for 26 weeks. But
this is far from a normal economy. Currently there are around three times as
many unemployed people as there are job openings. It can take a very long time
to find a job under those circumstances.

According to an October National Opinion Research Center poll by the University
of Chicago, nearly 40 percent of unemployed workers are over age 45. It takes an
average of 45 weeks for those age 45 to 54 to find a job. If a jobless worker is
in the 55 to 64 age range, it takes an average of 57 weeks to find a job.

Clearly, extending these benefits is the right thing to do.

- Pamela Midbon, Madison

Don't let gifted programs marginalize students

It was heartening to see Madison School District Superintendent Jennifer
Cheatham's support for integrated and inclusive schools in Sunday's article
"Madison School District revising gifted student policy."

As the district creates a more consistent policy for identifying students who
may benefit from talented and gifted services, I hope they'll be mindful that
any additional programs and strategies should not further marginalize and
discriminate against other demographic groups.

Students of color and lower socio-economic status, as well as English-language
learners or those with special needs, already have limited participation in our
district's talents and gifted program. And there is extensive research showing
increased segregation and exclusion of marginalized students leads to weaker
academic gains for our most vulnerable children.

Our public schools are designed to meet the needs of the wide variety of
learners. The district should pursue education programming that helps all groups
without hurting others.

Parents and caregivers must seek additional opportunities for their children,
advocate for the expansion of programs that are effective and equitable, and
support increasing financial resources to strengthen our public schools for all
learners.

- Anna Moffit, Madison

Why are homeless people drawn to Madison?

A brief online article last weekend stated a homeless man in a Downtown business
fought with police and attempted to take an officer's weapon. He continued to
fight after a Taser was used, and he was finally subdued with help from the
manager. It could have been another deadly encounter.

Many in Dane County think the homeless are harmless and welcome them to camp out
in public buildings. Those upset because officers have to occasionally resort to
deadly force should look carefully at this and consider what officers face every
day.

While most homeless people are not considered violent, a percentage of them have
serious mental illness problems. In our attempt to be compassionate, let's not
throw away reasonable safety concerns and pretend the violent incidents don't
happen. I'm sure workers in the City-County Building are fearful every day.

There is huge demand for homeless services here, and we have to find better ways
to meet that demand. Letting the homeless hang out in the library or public
buildings is not a solution.

I doubt the homeless are flocking to Madison because of our mild temperatures.
Let's examine who this population is and why Madison is an attractive
destination.

- Bruce Frey, Madison

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              46 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            China Daily - US Edition

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Mainland students studying abroad should have clear career plans

LENGTH: 395  words


A BLUE BOOK on the employment of Chinese mainland students who have studied
overseas, released by the Education Ministry on March 25, shows it has become
increasingly difficult for mainland students to find a job overseas after
graduating from a foreign college, and more and more of them are returning to
the mainland to look for a job after obtaining a foreign diploma. Beijing News
commented on Wednesday:

Last year, 523,700 students from the Chinese mainland went to study abroad, and
409,100 mainland graduates came back home. The gap between the two numbers is
becoming smaller year by year.

That a large number of mainland students, who form closed circles, concentrate
in some foreign middle schools and universities, makes it difficult for them to
integrate into local life, as there is no need for them to step out of their
social circle in their daily lives. But once they leave school, their small
societies will collapse, exposing them to an unfamiliar environment overnight.

Students from the mainland are a main source of revenue for many foreign
schools, but few have tried to help them integrate into local life or look after
them. Mainland students are often victims of campus violence, traffic accidents,
robbery and even murders. These facts further consolidate their stereotype image
in foreign societies. Some of them are wealthy. Some of them are hard-working
and have good academic records. But these do not help them integrate into the
local society. In spite of their large numbers, their way of life and culture
marginalize them.

But coming home is not always a solution. Except for some foreign enterprises in
China, most domestic employers prefer graduates educated in mainland
universities.

The returning of the students in large numbers, particularly to the big cities
in East China, aggravates the already fierce job competition there, and widens
the development gap between East and West China.

The mainland students studying abroad should have a clear career development
plan, and actively try to integrate into the local society and culture. Those
families taking advantage of their wealth so their children can bypass the
fierce competition of the mainland's college entrance examination should finally
realize that an overseas education experience only marginalizes the children at
home as well as abroad.

(China Daily USA 04/07/2016 page11)

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1496


                    Copyright 2016 China Daily Information.
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              47 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             January 2, 2015 Friday

Working with Law Enforcement Toward Changing Unjust Policies

LENGTH: 615  words

DATELINE: Washington


Muslim Public Affairs Council has issued the following press release:

MPAC believes that American Muslims must engage a sustained, substantive and
thorough dialogue with all impactful institutions in our nation. Not talking to
those institutions means disengagement and that the empty seat at the table will
be filled by those who seek to marginalize and disenfranchise American Muslims.

Law enforcement agencies are one of the most impactful components of society.
What they do on a daily basis affects the lives of Americans on the streets, at
airports and borders. How law enforcement officers are trained creates
perceptions which are then felt by average Americans who are marginalized and
impacted by security policies. For these reasons, it is ever more important that
we work with those individuals, even though we may not agree with the entirety
of their work, who are allies in pushing back against Islamophobia and the
stereotyping of American Muslims in the national security industry.

As we engage in changing perceptions and policies with law enforcement agencies,
we understand that there has been a legacy of inequality and disenfranchisement
with communities of color. We are not naive to the fact that we are dealing with
legacies of marginalization which have been institutionalized and will take a
very long time to change. Yet that change must happen and as we engage in that
change, we are cognizant of the following:

1) We are aware of violations of civil rights by some law enforcement and our
track record illustrates our stiff opposition of police abuse, seeking justice
and bringing perpetrators to the court of law. We also have worked to reform
certain law enforcement practices, including the treatment of charities at the
local and state level including the Suspicious Activity Reporting (SARS), racial
and religious profiling and surveillance.

2) Like every sector of society, there is no monolith within law enforcement,
and there exists a group who we believe wants to engage American Muslims as
partners not suspects and desires to counter negative rhetoric against Islam.
The example of former Los Angeles County Sheriff Lee Baca is important to
understand in this case as a person with whom we did not provide blanket
endorsement of his department, but who became the star witness against
Congressman Peter King of Long Island, NY, in his hearing about radicalization
in mosques.

3) No community can exist safely while disengaging or alienating an institution
such as law enforcement, one which will be called by us to protect our schools,
mosques and communities when needed. American Muslims cannot afford to live in
isolation of institutions which they may not fully agree with on every issue
otherwise, our enemies will take our place at the table of decision-making.

4) We believe the main protection for us and all Americans is founded in the US
Constitution, namely civil liberties, racial justice and religious freedom. We
will never allow any compromise of the principles embedded in our founding
documents. There is no way for us to guarantee the rights of Muslims without
guaranteeing the rights of people of color.

5) We invite open discussions with those who want to constructively critique our
positions and policies but may be unclear about our engagement policy with law
enforcement agencies. Yet we will also not accept being labeled as tools of
racism and white supremacy. This type of rhetoric does not help communities move
along and only emboldens those who seek to marginalize our institutions from
civic and political life.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              48 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                             April 19, 2004 Monday

Matheson's anti-nuke bill falls short

BYLINE: Tim Bridgewater

LENGTH: 633 words


Legislation aimed at protecting Americans from the possible resumption of
nuclear testing in Nevada and elsewhere was recently introduced in Congress by
Jim Matheson. While I applaud the intent, there are serious shortcomings in the
proposed legislation (HR3921) due to a lack of input from local officials and
Utah residents.

In fact, the Kane County Commission recently passed a resolution outlining the
most serious flaws in HR3921 that should give all Utahns concern. Before any
legislation proceeds on this issue, the concerns of affected Utahns should be
both actively sought and diligently addressed.

In short, Matheson's legislation fails to provide adequate health and safety
assurances for Utah residents. Southern Utahns should be skeptical of any future
government safety claims. All Americans should be skeptical of proposed
legislation that relies heavily on the same old model that allows the federal
government to pursue a preferred action, follow well-trod bureaucratic
procedures and simply offer repeated assurances.

HR3921 accurately identifies the concerns surrounding past and any possible
future nuclear testing in Nevada. However, Matheson's legislation falls short in
how it addresses these well-founded concerns. The most disconcerting
shortcomings of the legislation are threefold and have been well-articulated in
a recent resolution passed by the Kane County Commission. This resolution not
only opposes the resumption of nuclear testing but also outlines the most
serious shortcomings of Matheson's legislation. HR3921 fails to require that
there be reasonable debate and citizen and expert testimony in front of Congress
prior to any decision to resume testing. HR3921 is inadequate in its reliance on
a National Environmental Policy Act Environmental Impact Statement (EIS) as the
fundamental assurance prior to the resumption of nuclear testing. Monitoring and
health studies as presented in HR3921 are inadequate.

The first two shortcomings are well-worn themes. Utahns, especially rural
Utahns, have vast experience in dealings with the federal government. If they've
learned anything over the years, it is that the federal government has an
inclination to marginalize public comment on federal actions. Furthermore, when
an agreeable EIS is all that is required prior to a desired federal action, a
supportive EIS will most likely materialize.

Legislation coming from a Utah congressional representative should work to curb
these tendencies, not facilitate them. Unfortunately, Matheson's legislation
will greatly assist the federal government in continuing business as usual
unless it is rewritten to address local concerns.

I am against the resumption of nuclear testing in Nevada, but Utahns must do
more than simply offer legislation that "while purporting to protect Utah
citizens" in reality falls far short of what is needed.

HR3921 is only the most recent example of the difficulties faced by a region
that lacks true representation and must continually seek the assistance of
congressional representatives from outside of the 2nd District who understand
local concerns on important issues. No county commission should have to pass a
resolution in opposition to the ill-suited efforts of a congressional
representative who continually marginalizes a large portion of his district.

On issues such as nuclear testing, the stakes are too high for rural Utahns to
be continually forgotten and left out of meaningful dialogue on issues that
directly impact their communities. True representation for southern Utah
requires ongoing work with local mayors, commissioners, teachers, ranchers,
business owners, parents and all citizens who have a stake in the important
issues that impact America. Tim Bridgewater is a candidate for Congress in
Utah's 2nd Second District.

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              49 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             March 18, 2008 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Obama, Clinton plugging away as McCain coasts; Democratic presidential hopefuls
remain locked in close struggle

BYLINE: Caren Bohan, Reuters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F5

LENGTH: 785  words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- African Americans liked Bill Clinton so much that he was once
dubbed "the first black president," but perceptions that his wife's campaigning
has been racially tinged have taken a toll on Hillary Clinton's White House bid.

Some accuse Clinton's campaign of trying to cast her rival Barack Obama as a
candidate of limited appeal in order to marginalize his candidacy and enhance
her chances of winning the Democratic Party nomination.

Obama would be the first black president if he won the nomination and then
defeated Republican John McCain in the Nov. 4 national election. Obama, a
senator from Illinois, is leading Sen. Clinton of New York in the fight for
delegates to the August convention.

Clinton would be the first woman president. But some black Americans have grown
mistrustful of her campaign because of statements by her, her husband and other
surrogates. African-Americans make up 13 percent of the U.S. population.

Her suggestion of a "dream" ticket with Obama as her vice-presidential running
mate reminded some of the days when blacks, regarded as second-class citizens,
were ordered to sit at the back of buses.

"No offence, but that is typical of a white person to offer you second place and
say they'll take first place," trucker Jasper Clark, 53, said at a recent Obama
rally in Jackson, Mississippi.

The mere mention of Clinton's name drew boos from that mostly black audience.

Obama discusses his life as the son of a white woman from Kansas and a black man
from Kenya to highlight his message that the United States can move beyond
racial divisions, but the issue keeps bubbling up.

Last week, the Clinton and Obama camps traded barbs over a flap involving
Clinton supporter Geraldine Ferraro, who became a trailblazer for women when she
joined the unsuccessful Democratic ticket as a vice presidential candidate in
1984.

In comments some viewed as racially divisive, Ferraro attributed Obama's lead so
far in this year's Democratic race to his being black. "If Obama was a white
man, he would not be in this position," she said.

Ferraro later resigned from her role on Clinton's fundraising committee and
Clinton said she repudiated and "deeply" regretted her supporter's comments.

The Clinton campaign accused the Obama campaign of drawing the race issue into
the campaign by calling attention to Ferraro's remarks.

Some analysts said the Ferraro remarks could provoke resentment from some white
Americans over "affirmative action" policies aimed at helping minorities
overcome discrimination.

Many U.S. blacks say such resentment often causes their accomplishments to be
overlooked.

"It's the idea that a black person with a Harvard law degree and a distinguished
legislative career only got to where he is because of his skin color. That's
surreal," said William Jelani Cobb, a history professor at Spelman College in
Atlanta.

"It is comparable to the same tiresome argument that accomplished black
professionals often hear: 'He or she only got that job because of affirmative
action,'" said Patricia Gunn, a law professor at Ohio University, who supports
Obama.

In polls, Clinton had been splitting black support with Obama as recently as
late last year.

But many took offence when Bill Clinton compared Obama's victory in the South
Carolina primary in January to success there by Jesse Jackson, an African
American who ran for president in 1984 and 1988, but attracted little support on
the national stage. Some said Bill Clinton's comments were a bid to marginalize
Obama as a candidate only of black America.

Clinton said last week she was sorry for the flap. "You know, I was sorry if
anyone was offended. It was certainly not meant in any way to be offensive," she
said.

Bill Clinton said "there is a total myth" that the Clinton campaign played the
race card. "We had some played against us but we didn't play any," he told CNN.

In South Carolina, eight in 10 black voters supported Obama. That margin
increased to more than nine in 10 in the primary last week in Mississippi.

Bill Clinton said he wasn't surprised by Obama's overwhelming support among
blacks. "No, that was going to happen. Once African Americans understood that
they had a candidate that had a serious chance of winning the nomination and of
winning the presidency," he said.

Obama faces a controversy of his own over racially charged and inflammatory
rhetoric by Rev. Jeremiah Wright, the pastor at his church in Chicago. Comments
such as Wright's contention that the United States believes in "white supremacy
and black inferiority" put Obama on the defensive. He has attended Wright's
church for 20 years.

Obama said he rejected the "incendiary" comments by Wright, who resigned from
his role as spiritual adviser.

LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Keith Bedford, Reuters; Senator Hillary Clinton is greeted by former New
York City mayor David Dinkins as she arrives for the inauguration of New York
State Gov. David Paterson in Albany, N.Y. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2008 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              50 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              May 25, 2007 Friday

Sign policy marginalizes religion

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Eastern Alameda; Letters; News; Local; Opinion

LENGTH: 1257 words


It is the policy of the city of Livermore to prohibit the establishment of
directional signs to churches or other houses of worship off site and in the
public right-of-way.

The former city attorney, Tom Curry, in 1999 recommended no change in that
policy. His reason: There is a legal premise called "content neutrality" that
prohibits allowing churches to have such signs without permitting all other
noncommercial entities to have them. (Houses of worship are viewed no
differently, legally, than the Elks Club). Curry's successor, John Pomidor, in a
report to the mayor and council April 9, reiterated that idea.

His report stated, "The city legally may not discriminate between types of
noncommercial sign content." Neither attorney cited any law, case or statute to
support their assertions.

One does not need a law degree to have learned, early on, that religious
establishments are indeed in a special category. The First Amendment to the U.S.
Constitution (Article I) states that Congress shall make no law respecting an
establishment of religion or prohibiting the free exercise thereof.

To toss worship sites into the same category as all other noncommercial entities
is to radically marginalize religion in general. Unfortunately, this appears to
be happening all too frequently as modern Western society becomes increasingly
secularized.

Donald F. King Livermore

Exit exam No sooner do I read a right-on letter to the Saturday Forum, (May 19)
which stated that "California's education system has not adapted to the fact
that most of its students are not on the 'college track,'"than I open the May 21
paper to find at least one article to support his thesis.

It is about parents who don't follow California's welfare-to-work rules and lose
their benefits. The thing is they can't work because they've never been taught
how to work, and the schools have failed to teach them life skills.

World history, algebra, Shakespeare, etc., are worthless to them, and serious
college-bound students waste time waiting for them to catch up in overcrowded
classrooms. They really need to be in small remedial classes. They're being
tested constantly, and they can't even read, much less answer comprehension
questions or math word problems.

This has got to be quite frustrating for them, so they give up, act up and drop
out, and are unemployable. As the letter suggested, "state and local educators
need to break away from the traditional high school curriculum and create
programs that teach 'life skills' to those who will never see the inside of a
college library."

To allow things to remain as they are is just plain cruel. Kim Crow

Danville Foster understanding

I infer that a May 20 letter is in response to an article by Rebecca Rosen Lum
(which I had read in the Tri-Valley Herald). The article is about persons who
have suffered considerable fear and anguish because of the religious beliefs
into which they were indoctrinated during their childhood. The letter expresses
no compassion for their distress but instead callously and falsely claims that
reporting on it somehow constitutes a "biased, mocking, and hateful"
condemnation of those who react favorably to the same beliefs.

Let us hope that the letter represents a minority opinion and that for most
readers the article has helped foster a greater understanding of the feelings of
those who experience religion differently from the majority. I urge that you
publish more such articles.

John G. Fletcher Livermore

Making things better On May 3, 16 veterans from the Livermore VA Hospital
enjoyed a day of fishing and camaraderie at Shadow Cliff, Pleasanton.

This activity was a great success and it provided our fellow veterans with an
opportunity to enjoy an outdoor event and experience the joys of fishing and
spending time with friends. Such efforts are not successful because of one
person but the collective efforts of volunteers, hospital staff and other
community organizations.

A special thank you to the following organizations and individuals: Peter
Alexander, fisheries program manager; East Bay Regional Park District, Vidales;
Let's Go Fishing Ministries; Renee Chastain, RTA, VA Hospital; Foresters of
America; Ladies Auxiliary of San Leandro, Post 819, Tressie Jacobson; Gordon
Cleaver; VFW Post 7265, Bill Dayton, commander; and Ben Pitts for the great fish
fry May 4. Thank you for your time and your efforts in making the lives of those
who served our country a little better.

Len Gregory Livermore

View reality Recently we read two views regarding the process that lead to the
demolition of the 118-year-old Elsnab home in Old Town, Pleasanton.

Now let's view reality. The project entered the system six months ago (not two
years) as a application to "demolish the existing 1,361-square-foot dwelling and
construct a 6,108-square-foot, 351/2-foot tall, three story."

But somewhere "demolish" became "remodel." What's the difference? Demolish and
build means newspaper announcements, a hearing in front of Pleasanton's Planning
Commission, and three votes for approval. Remodel means neighborhood
notification, a daytime meeting in a conference room, and approval by the same
person who labeled it a remodel. Hardly the same.

One writer notes that "major remodeling was needed to meet code and current
standards." As someone who actually is "remodeling" a 118-year-old historical
building in Old Town (Oddfellows on Saint Mary Street), I certainly understand
the reality that new is cheaper than remodeled.

The problem is that Old Town's history and character, the very things that draw
people to Old Town in the first place, are often the things paying the price.
And if the home was "so rotten that it required removal," then shouldn't one at
least expect to find a termite report or something in the file confirming that
opinion?

Regardless, one thing rings clear. The process splits communities, is
potentially harmful to Old Town's history and character and should be revisited
by our leaders, starting with the meaning of "remodel." Robert W. Byrd

Pleasanton Topics for candidates

I believe it is time that we establish some "documented" facts regarding each
presidential candidate's views and opinions before the next election, in 2008.
To do this, I propose the following basic topics on which we require each
candidate to respond with focused answers as to "what should be done."

Human life: Do you believe human life begins at conception? If not, when? Crime:
The prison population continues to rise in the United States, even with many
criminals not being prosecuted (illegal aliens etc.)

Federal deficit: It is currently approaching $9 trillion; the United States is
bankrupt. Natural disasters: Hurricanes, earthquakes, warming, floods,
tornadoes, tidal waves, droughts, etc., occur on a regular basis.

Energy: Civilization has used up most of the Earth's coal, oil, water, wood,
etc., with the United States leading the pack. Those resources will soon be
exhausted. Food: Currently the planet can produce enough so that nobody dies
from starvation. However, that is still happening.

Terrorism: It appears that there is a worldwide threat of terrorism. Genocide:
Rogue governments are slaughtering people by the millions. such as in Darfur,
etc.

Education: The U.S. is no longer a leader in producing qualified workers for the
21st century. Religion: The U.S. was founded on a belief in God, and this
appears to be eroding away.

This process will probably take a year to happen because it represents a major
change in how we learn about our candidates. David Brusiee

Pleasanton

LOAD-DATE: July 25, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              51 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                             April 5, 2016 Tuesday

Letter: Herbert, Trump marginalize women

SECTION: PUBLIC FORUM; News; Opinion

LENGTH: 204 words


Surely an election year. Gov. Gary Herbert had the opportunity to do the right
thing ccc again. Instead, he chose to sign a bill requiring fetal anesthesia for
abortions at 20 weeks of pregnancy or later, despite testimony from specialists
that anesthetic could be harmful to women.

No matter. The bill's sponsor, the accountant Sen. Curt Bramble, and Herbert
know better. Utah is now the first in the country to require doctors to
administer anesthesia for termination. Add this to other recent laws that erode
women's health liberties:

- A 72 hour wait period so a woman can "rethink" her decision to abort. Does
Herbert realize the hardship created for women who have decided that termination
is their best option?

- Herbert chose to pull federal funding to Planned Parenthood based on proven
bogus videos, denying vital healthcare access to a large percentage of women and
men.

Donald Trump said (and later retracted) that if abortion is banned, a woman
should be punished for having the procedure, despite risk. Seems Herbert and
Trump are in bed together, eager to marginalize women and their personal
decisions.

Message to Utah legislators: get out of our bedrooms and get your hands off our
bodies.

Vivian Dowsett

Salt Lake City

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              52 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                           November 24, 2011 Thursday

Egypt's doomed election

BYLINE: ANDREW S. REYNOLDS

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 849 words

DATELINE: Chapel Hill, North Carolina

ABSTRACT

Egypt's parliamentary election will not reflect the voices of those who led the
revolution.

FULL TEXT

Egypt, the largest and most important country to overthrow its government during
the Arab Spring, is careening toward a disastrous parliamentary election that
begins on Nov. 28 and could bring the country to the brink of civil war.

As protesters fill Tahrir Square once again and violence spreads throughout
Cairo, the military government's legitimacy is becoming even more tenuous. The
announcement Tuesday of a ''National Salvation Government'' may stem the
violence for now, but the coming vote will not lead to a stable democracy.

The election is likely to fail, not because of vote-stealing or violence, but
because the rules cobbled together by Egypt's military leaders virtually
guarantee that the Parliament elected will not reflect the votes of the Egyptian
people.

While advising civil society groups and political parties on election issues
earlier this year in Cairo, I found that the voices of Egyptians who were at the
forefront of the revolution were stifled during the secretive election-planning
process.

On countless occasions, political parties went to the ruling military council to
object to drafts of the electoral law and were brushed off with piecemeal
changes. Civic groups concerned about the representation of women and minorities
were not even given a seat at the table. And the United Nations, which played a
major role in assisting Tunisia with its election, was denied access to election
planners in Cairo.

The result is an election that will overrepresent the larger parties while
shutting out smaller ones, marginalize Coptic Christians and progressives and
consign millions of Egyptians to voting for losers through an overly complicated
process that combines proportional representation with majoritarianism and an
antiquated quota system.

One-third of the 498 seats in Parliament will be chosen from districts in which
the winners must get a majority of the vote (in a runoff if necessary). In these
districts, name recognition gives established power brokers - local strongmen
who held sway before the revolution - the upper hand. Even if most of the
elected candidates are not high-ranking apparatchiks of the old regime - or
''remnants,'' as Egyptians call them - many are likely to have been cogs in the
corrupt machine that ruled Egypt for decades.

Two-thirds of the seats will be contested in proportional representation
districts, where voters select among party candidate lists and each party win
seats in proportion to its share of votes.

Unlike in Tunisia, which successfully used a simple across-the-board
proportional system to include many voices in the country's legislative
assembly, Egypt's multilayered system is likely to marginalize new progressive,
secular and liberal groups that lack grass-roots networks across the country.

The sidelining of smaller Islamic and secular parties would damage citizens'
faith in the democratic process, and the exclusion of the minority Coptic
Christians from significant representation in Parliament could be catastrophic.

Copts are unlikely to vote for Islamic parties and, after October's violent
street battles between Christian demonstrators and the military, they have lost
faith in old liberal movements like the Wafd Party. They are instead coalescing
around niche parties like the Justice Party and the Free Egyptians. But these
groups are polling at less than 5 percent - not enough to win more than a
handful of seats. And if Copts are shut out of Parliament, they are also likely
to be absent from the committee which will draw up the new Egyptian
constitution.

The military has also retained an anachronistic quota, reserving at least half
of the new Parliament for ''workers and farmers,'' a rule that has been used to
manipulate election results in Egypt since the presidency of Gamal Abdel Nasser.

In practice, this means that the new progressive parties that are lucky enough
to pick up a few seats may not be able to fill those seats with the young
leaders who organized the Tahrir Square protests in February. Instead, many of
the founders of those parties will be leapfrogged so workers or farmers who were
required to be placed on the party's list can get into Parliament.

The threat of electoral defeat has even made some liberals sympathetic to the
military's attempt to dominate the constitution-writing process. They are so
fearful of Muslim Brotherhood dominance that they would rather have secular
strongmen in control than democratically elected Islamists.

It may be true that the military wants an impotent new Parliament, but when
liberals resort to supporting the tools of dictators, the future is bleak.

What Egypt desperately needs is an election and a resulting Parliament that are
seen to be fair and inclusive. Under the rules the military has imposed, the
chances of that happening are slim.

If voters' voices are not heard in their first post-revolutionary election, the
crisis unleashed by democratic failure in Egypt will have consequences reaching
far beyond the Arab world.

LOAD-DATE: November 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: is an associate professor of political science at the University of North
Carolina, Chapel Hill.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              53 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            January 13, 2012 Friday
                            All but Toronto Edition

Experts give Paul little chance of winning; Early success

BYLINE: George Bennett, The Palm Beach Post

SECTION: WORLD; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 518  words

DATELINE: WEST PALM BEACH, FLA.


WEST PALM BEACH, FLA.

- After months of jockeying among Republican presidential hopefuls to be the
leading alternative to establishment favourite Mitt Romney, results from Iowa
and New Hampshire appear to point to Ron Paul as the clear winner.

He has won more votes in the first two contests than any of the other non-Romney
candidates. And he's done it with a swath of young, enthusiastic, independent
supporters who are coveted by the GOP as it tries to dislodge President Barack
Obama in November.

But few political experts give the libertarian-leaning Mr. Paul any chance of
winning the Republican nomination. Despite his strong showings in early states,
Florida voters might not see much of him before the Jan. 31 primary.

With Florida's expensive media markets, its primary rules that don't allow
independents to vote and its winner-take-all format for awarding delegates, the
Paul campaign's Florida director said he doesn't know whether Mr. Paul will
campaign heavily in the Sunshine State.

"They're really going to make that decision after South Carolina [on Jan. 21],"
said Mark Cross.

"It's going to cost $10-million to win [in Florida]. When you take a look at the
numbers, it might be better economically to focus on some of the smaller states
where they can actually win delegates."

Mr. Paul finished third last week in Iowa with 21.4% and second Tuesday in New
Hampshire with 22.9%.

Philip Blumel, a term-limits activist and Paul supporter, says many people
voting for him "just feel alienated from the political process" and won't
necessarily support another Republican candidate in the general election.

"Most of the Republicans will probably fall in line with the Republican nominee,
but the independents, who can tell?" he said. "I don't think they will vote as a
mass.... A lot of them probably won't vote."

While independents boosted Mr. Paul in Iowa and New Hampshire, Florida has a
"closed" primary in which only people who were registered Republican by Jan. 3
can vote.

Mr. Paul's support for limited government and lower taxes is popular with
conservative Republican primary voters.

But his non-interventionist foreign policy views, including opposition to the
U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and calls for bringing home U.S. troops from
foreign military bases, are out of step with most Republicans. He has further
outraged many in the GOP by suggesting U.S. policies have helped fuel Islamic
terrorism.

"I don't think he can win [the Republican nomination]," said Susan MacManus, a
University of South Florida political scientist. "The Achilles heel for Paul is
his position on the military and foreign policy."

Sarah Palin, who has remained neutral so far in the presidential race, warned
the Republicans not to " marginalize" Paul supporters.

"If we marginalize these supporters who have been touched by Ron Paul and what
he believed in over these years, well, then, through a third party run of Ron
Paul's or the Democrats capturing those independents and these libertarians who
supported what Ron Paul's been talking about, well, then the GOP is going to
lose," she said recently on Fox News.

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Color Photo: Andrew Burton, Getty Images; A Ron Paul  supporter says many people
are voting for him because they "just  feel alienated from the political
process.";

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              54 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                           January 12, 2012 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Florida may slow Paul's momentum ;
 Primary rules, cost hinder campaign:

BYLINE: By GEORGE BENNETT Palm Beach Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 821 words


After months of jockeying among Republican presidential hopefuls to be the
leading alternative to establishment favorite Mitt Romney, results from Iowa and
New Hampshire would appear to point to Ron Paul as the clear winner.

Paul has won more votes in the first two contests than any of the other
non-Romney candidates. And he has done it with a swath of young, enthusiastic,
independent supporters who are coveted by the GOP as it tries to dislodge
President Obama in November.

But few political experts give the libertarian-leaning Paul any chance of
winning the nomination. And despite his strong showings in early states, Florida
voters might not see much of Paul before the state's Jan. 31 primary.

With Florida's expensive media markets, its primary rules that don't allow
independents to vote and its winner-take-all format for awarding delegates, the
Paul campaign's Florida director said he doesn't know whether Paul will campaign
heavily in the Sunshine State.

"They're really going to make that decision after South Carolina," said Mark
Cross, an Osceola County GOP activist and the Paul campaign's only paid Florida
staffer. South Carolina's primary is Jan. 21.

"It's going to cost $10 million to win (in Florida)," Cross said. "The campaign
is very frugal with its money. When you take a look at the numbers, it might be
better economically to focus on some of the smaller states where they can
actually win delegates."

Paul finished third in last week's nonbinding Iowa caucuses with 21.4 percent of
the vote. He was second to Romney in Tuesday's New Hampshire primary with 22.9
percent.

In Iowa, entrance polls showed Paul getting 48 percent of the under-30 vote and
43 percent of the independent vote. Independents made up 23 percent of caucus
participants.

In New Hampshire, independents made up nearly half of the primary voters. Paul
got 31 percent of the independent vote to Romney's 30 percent, according to exit
polls. Paul was the most popular candidate among 18- to 29-year-olds (46
percent) and among those who had not previously voted in a Republican primary
(38 percent).

Term-limits activist and Paul supporter Philip Blumel of Atlantis said many Paul
voters "just feel alienated from the political process" and won't necessarily
support another Republican in the general election.

"Most of the Republicans will probably fall in line with the Republican nominee,
but the independents -- who can tell?" Blumel said when asked about the prospect
of someone other than Paul as the GOP standard-bearer. "I don't think they will
vote as a mass. ... A lot of them probably won't vote."

Although independents boosted Paul in Iowa and New Hampshire, Florida has a
"closed" primary in which only voters who were registered Republican by Jan. 3
can vote. Paul got only 14 percent of the Republican vote in Iowa and 15 percent
in New Hampshire.

In Florida, a Quinnipiac poll this week showed Paul attracting 10 percent
support among Republicans.

Paul's support for limited government and lower taxes is popular with
conservative GOP primary voters. But his non-interventionist foreign policy
views, including opposition to the U.S. wars in Iraq and Afghanistan and calls
for bringing home U.S. troops from foreign military bases, are out of step with
most Republicans. He has further outraged many in the GOP by suggesting U.S.
policies have helped fuel Islamic terrorism.

"I don't think he can win" the nomination, said University of South Florida
political scientist Susan MacManus. "The Achilles heel for Paul is his position
on the military and foreign policy."

Former GOP vice presidential candidate Sarah Palin, who has remained neutral in
the presidential race, warned the party not to "marginalize" Paul's supporters.

"If we marginalize these supporters who have been touched by Ron Paul and what
he believed in over these years, well, then, through a third-party run of Ron
Paul's or the Democrats capturing those independents and these libertarians ...
the GOP is going to lose," Palin told Fox News.

Asked this week about the possibility of a third-party bid, Paul told Fox News:
"I'm not thinking in those terms."

Many politics watchers speculate Paul would not buck the GOP because he doesn't
want to jeopardize the future prospects of his son, Sen. Rand Paul, R-Ky.

Florida will award all 50 of its delegates to the winner of the primary. New
Hampshire awarded its 12 delegates proportionally, so Romney got seven, Paul
three and Jon Huntsman two. At least 26 states award delegates proportionally
based on primary results.

Paul supporters say that if their candidate doesn't win the nomination, they
hope to win enough delegates to give Paul leverage at the Republican National
Convention in Tampa this summer.

"He's going to go into this convention with a meaningful amount of delegates,"
said Blumel, meaning that he will at least "create a respected place for
libertarians in the GOP."

~ george_bennett@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 13, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  S. Fla. stops for  Romney, Gingrich Republican presidential front-runner
Mitt Romney will visit Palm Beach County today for a noon rally at the Palm
Beach County Convention Center and a fundraiser tonight in Palm Beach. The rally
is open to the public. GOP rival Newt Gingrichwill be raising money in South
Florida at an event tonight in Miami. He plans a public 'grass-roots' event in
Miami on Friday morning, followed by a midday appearance in Orlando for the
opening of his Florida headquarters.POST COVERAGEGOP presidential race

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2012 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              55 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                             March 4, 2008 Tuesday

'Eco-terrorists' strike again;
And environmentalism may suffer

BYLINE: Clint Talbott, for the editorial board

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. A06

LENGTH: 585 words


W hatever else one might say about terrorists, this much is true: They seem to
understand that isolated attacks inspire fear and loathing so pervasive and
intense as to discourage rational analysis of the actual risk of terrorism.

Nations that retaliate clumsily against terrorism can actually exacerbate the
conditions (poverty and perceived martyrdom) that incubate terrorism. That is
why, experts note, it matters very much how nations respond to terrorists.

The agitators called "eco-terrorists" also seem to understand the fear factor
generated by, say, incinerating luxury homes. But they seem not to grasp that
their attacks do nothing to advance their stated goals; on the contrary,
eco-terrorism only serves to further marginalize the radicals and erode support
for mainstream environmentalists.

Those thoughts come to mind in the wake of the arson that claimed four
multi-million trophy homes near Seattle Monday. The destruction was tentatively
attributed to the "radical environmental group" called Earth Liberation Front.

The arsonists left a calling card, a sign that derided the developers' claims
that the new homes were energy-efficient. More precisely, the sign said, "Built
green? Nope black!" The sign also bore the initials "ELF."

Colorado is familiar with this band of brigands. In 1998, ELF burned the Two
Elks Lodge at Vail in protest of the resort's expansion into what it said was
lynx habitat. The damages topped $12 million.

Monday's fires caused an estimated $7 million in damage, the Associated Press
reported. The fires came as a federal jury deliberated the case against an ELF
activist who is accused of helping to firebomb the University of Washington's
Center for Urban Horticulture in 2001.

It's hard to say what relationship there might be between the firebombing case
and the latest attack. But it's easy to project a likely consequence of the
latest conflagration. If ELF is indeed the culprit, as the evidence suggests,
the past may serve as prologue.

In October 2001, U.S. Rep. Scott McInnis, then representing Colorado's 3rd
Congressional District, took the floor of the House to link the "ugly events" of
Sept. 11 with eco-terrorism such as the Vail fire.

McInnis urged the Sierra Club and like-minded groups to "step forward and
actively condemn acts of eco-terrorism." Then, he and six other members of
Congress sent a stern letter to the Sierra Club, Earthjustice, Greenpeace and
others. "Following the tragedy of Sept. 11, we believe it is critical for
Americans of every background and political stripe to disavow terrorism in all
its forms."

McInnis and his colleagues admitted that eco-terrorism had "not yet reached the
magnitude" of Sept. 11. But, he said, eco-terrorists' tactics "are no less
deplorable, their methods of pursuing political change no less appalling and
their use of fear and terror no less repugnant."

McInnis knew (or should have known) that mainstream environmental groups had
been condemning violence long before he railed against the new Monkey Wrench
Gangs. Irrespective of what the congressman knew or intended, the result was
clear: It conflated millions of non-violent and well-meaning environmentalists
with a few felons who fashion themselves as friends of the Earth.

By encouraging some citizens to marginalize environmentalism generally, the
criminals spawned suspicion of -- and animosity toward -- the very cause they
claimed to support. Let us hope the fire this time is significantly less
destructive.

Clint Talbott, for the editorial board

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2008 Daily Camera and Boulder Publishing, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              56 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Testing the idea of scrapping high-stress exams

BYLINE: Joseph Brean, National Post

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1300 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of last-ditch, highstress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: the possible cancellation of this year's big
tests.

That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to bump up
final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests at the
leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary schools
- the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed off as an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," said Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized high-school exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following,
with a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view
high-stress exams give a false picture of a student's abilities.

In the United States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the
grounds there are "too many tests." Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are
making similar moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at
specialist public high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that
favours students who can afford to hire tutors. And U.S. law schools are looking
at ways to reduce increasing failures in bar admissions exams, in some cases
letting students skip them entirely.

Driven by recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and
attention, the target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled
- is not the pop quiz or the endof-chapter recap test, but the high-stakes,
all-or-nothing, pencil-chewing, hair-twisting final exam.

Even China, the cultural wellspring of the tiger mother, is trying to lessen
student workloads. In India, which like other Asian countries still generally
hews to the model of do-ordie exams and where parents were photographed last
month scaling the wall of a school to slip cheat sheets to their children taking
an exam inside, Prime Minister

Narendra Modi recently felt compelled to tell high-school students these exams
"are not the end of your life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way.

"It is difficult to communicate the pain, suffering and misery suffered by
high-test-anxious subjects before, during, and after major evaluative
experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an education professor at University of
Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test Anxiety.

It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and schools were
revamped under progressive ideologies. But where teachers and parents might once
have emphasized preparation to overcome exam anxiety, now the goal is to
alleviate distress as much as possible by cutting exams or downplaying them.

Critics decry this apparent Montessorification of higher education. They argue
ditching exams simply coddles immature students who would benefit from a bit of
temporary pressure to prepare for the real world.

"Sometimes I wonder who they are trying to make it easier on," said Doretta
Wilson, executive director of the Society for Quality Education, an advocacy
group that opposes the "fads" in teaching strategies.

She said the anti-exam ideology grew out of the "self-esteem" movement in
education, in which failure is to be avoided at all costs, even when it is
deserved.

"We are now reaping the consequences of that emphasis," she said. "We've not
trained our kids to deal with that kind of stress ... We've done a generation of
kids a disservice by giving them so much self-esteem that they can't deal with
failure."

Once a place for elite competition among the best and brightest, university
education now resembles innertube water polo, where the emphasis is on
participation and everybody gets a medal, said Ken Coates, Canada research chair
in regional innovation at the University of Saskatchewan and coauthor of Campus
Confidential, which criticizes declining university standards.

"Employers used to know that if you graduated university, then you had achieved
certain things," he said. Allowing students to skip exams is "taking away a key
element of a university degree. People have forgotten at great detriment that
the writing of a test is a valuable skill in its own right."

There is evidence, however, the slow death of exams is not simply a sympathetic
response to quivering students, but to new science around cognition, which
suggests the traditional high-stress, all-or-nothing final exam under gymnasium
floodlights may not be an accurate measure of learning.

"There is a time and a place for diagnostics, but a sole reliance on them does
not seem wise to me," said Sian Beilock, a neuroscientist who heads the Human
Performance Lab at the University of Chicago and researches cognitive
performance under pressure.

Stressful exams "rob us of our limited ability to pay attention to what we need
to," she said. It is comparable to why driving and talking on a cellphone at the
same time is so bad; the worries associated with performance under pressure
"soak up the resources that we could be using to focus on a test."

This is not an entirely novel idea. "Test anxiety. The very words reverberate in
people's innermost beings," Wilbert J. McKeachie, a former president of the
American Psychological Association, wrote more than 20 years ago.

In the earliest recorded scientific investigation of the phenomenon, in 1914,
one in five U.S. medical students was shown to have higher sugar content in
their urine after a big exam. It suggested something unusual was happening in
their bodies, although no one quite knew what it was.

The intervening decades have clarified that physiological picture. Broadly, the
idea is that exams are threatening situations, and some people respond with
anxiety, manifested in heart palpitations, sweating, twitching and dry mouth. To
measure this objectively, researchers have taken spit samples before and after
students write exams; their level of anxiety can be seen in the presence of
cortisol in their saliva, a stress hormone and an indicator of arousal.

Darwinists will recognize this as the evolved adaptive response to danger.
Freudians will recognize anxiety that verges on the neurotic, a response out of
proportion to the threat. Less obvious is that the people who thrive under the
pressure of exams and those who collapse under the stress are often showing the
same physiological response. Just as "fight or flight" are flip sides of the
same reaction, so, too, are succeed or choke. Increased heart rate, for example,
can feel like panic, but it also means better oxygen supply to muscles and the
brain.

Writing an exam is like doing homework professionally. Students who have learned
in their bedrooms, or at the kitchen table, or under the devoted tutelage of a
patient teacher, suddenly have to dress up, show up and perform under pressure.
As such, it is a preview of adult life for people who are not yet adults. For
some, the sensation is thrilling. For others, it can be traumatic.

"Ironically, those most likely to fail in demanding situations are those who, in
the absence of pressure, have the greatest capacity for success," Beilock said
in a research paper, Math Performance In Stressful Situations, published in 2008
in Current Directions in Psychological Science. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fred Dufour, AFP, Getty Images; Students take their high school
graduation exams. For all the energy and attention exams demand, some educators
are pushing to marginalize them, calling exams an affront to human nature and
dignity.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              57 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Testing the idea of scrapping high-stress exams

BYLINE: Joseph Brean, National Post

SECTION: CANADA; Pg. C6

LENGTH: 1299 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of last-ditch, highstress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: the possible cancellation of this year's big
tests.

That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to bump up
final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests at the
leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary schools
- the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed off as an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," said Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized high-school exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following,
with a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view
high-stress exams give a false picture of a student's abilities.

In the United States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the
grounds there are "too many tests." Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are
making similar moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at
specialist public high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that
favours students who can afford to hire tutors. And U.S. law schools are looking
at ways to reduce increasing failures in bar admissions exams, in some cases
letting students skip them entirely.

Driven by recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and
attention, the target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled
- is not the pop quiz or the end-of-chapter recap test, but the highstakes,
all-or-nothing, pencil-chewing, hair-twisting final exam.

Even China, the cultural wellspring of the tiger mother, is trying to lessen
student workloads. In India, which like other Asian countries still generally
hews to the model of do-or-die exams and where parents were photographed last
month scaling the wall of a school to slip cheat sheets to their children taking
an exam inside, Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently felt compelled to tell
high-school students these exams "are not the end of your life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way.

"It is difficult to communicate the pain, suffering and misery suffered by
hightest-anxious subjects before, during, and after major evaluative
experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an education professor at University of
Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test Anxiety.

It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and schools were
revamped under progressive ideologies. But where teachers and parents might once
have emphasized preparation to overcome exam anxiety, now the goal is to
alleviate distress as much as possible by cutting exams or downplaying them.

Critics decry this apparent Montessorification of higher education. They argue
ditching exams simply coddles immature students who would benefit from a bit of
temporary pressure to prepare for the real world.

"Sometimes I wonder who they are trying to make it easier on," said Doretta
Wilson, executive director of the Society for Quality Education, an advocacy
group that opposes the "fads" in teaching strategies.

She said the anti-exam ideology grew out of the "self-esteem" movement in
education, in which failure is to be avoided at all costs, even when it is
deserved.

"We are now reaping the consequences of that emphasis," she said. "We've not
trained our kids to deal with that kind of stress ... We've done a generation of
kids a disservice by giving them so much self-esteem that they can't deal with
failure."

Once a place for elite competition among the best and brightest, university
education now resembles innertube water polo, where the emphasis is on
participation and everybody gets a medal, said Ken Coates, Canada research chair
in regional innovation at the University of Saskatchewan and coauthor of Campus
Confidential, which criticizes declining university standards.

"Employers used to know that if you graduated university, then you had achieved
certain things," he said. Allowing students to skip exams is "taking away a key
element of a university degree. People have forgotten at great detriment that
the writing of a test is a valuable skill in its own right."

There is evidence, however, the slow death of exams is not simply a sympathetic
response to quivering students, but to new science around cognition, which
suggests the traditional high-stress, all-or-nothing final exam under gymnasium
floodlights may not be an accurate measure of learning.

"There is a time and a place for diagnostics, but a sole reliance on them does
not seem wise to me," said Sian Beilock, a neuroscientist who heads the Human
Performance Lab at the University of Chicago and researches cognitive
performance under pressure.

Stressful exams "rob us of our limited ability to pay attention to what we need
to," she said. It is comparable to why driving and talking on a cellphone is so
bad; the worries associated with performance under pressure "soak up the
resources that we could be using to focus on a test." This is not an entirely
novel idea. "Test anxiety. The very words reverberate in people's innermost
beings," Wilbert J. McKeachie, a former president of the American Psychological
Association, wrote more than 20 years ago.

In the earliest recorded scientific investigation of the phenomenon, in 1914,
one in five U.S. medical students was shown to have higher sugar content in
their urine after a big exam. It suggested something unusual was happening in
their bodies, although no one quite knew what it was.

The intervening decades have clarified that physiological picture. Broadly, the
idea is that exams are threatening situations, and some people respond with
anxiety, manifested in heart palpitations, sweating, twitching and dry mouth. To
measure this objectively, researchers have taken spit samples before and after
students write exams; their level of anxiety can be seen in the presence of
cortisol in their saliva, a stress hormone and an indicator of arousal.

Darwinists will recognize this as the evolved adaptive response to danger.
Freudians will recognize anxiety that verges on the neurotic, a response out of
proportion to the threat. Less obvious is that the people who thrive under the
pressure of exams and those who collapse under the stress are often showing the
exact same physiological response. Just as "fight or flight" are flip sides of
the same reaction, so, too, are succeed or choke. Increased heart rate, for
example, can feel like panic, but it also means better oxygen supply to muscles
and the brain.

Writing an exam is like doing homework professionally. Students who have learned
in their bedrooms, or at the kitchen table, or under the devoted tutelage of a
patient teacher, suddenly have to dress up, show up and perform under pressure.
As such, it is a preview of adult life for people who are not yet adults. For
some, the sensation is thrilling. For others, it can be traumatic.

"Ironically, those most likely to fail in demanding situations are those who, in
the absence of pressure, have the greatest capacity for success," Beilock said
in a research paper, Math Performance In Stressful Situations, published in 2008
in Current Directions in Psychological Science. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fred Dufour, AFP, Getty Images; Students take their high school
graduation exams. For all the energy and attention exams demand, some educators
are pushing to marginalize them, calling exams an affront to human nature and
dignity.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              58 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Is time up for the high-stress exam?; Alberta part of wide movement to
de-emphasize final tests

BYLINE: Joseph Brean, National Post

SECTION: NEWS &; OPINION; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 1305 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of last-ditch, high-stress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: the possible cancellation of this year's big
tests.

That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to bump up
final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests at the
leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary schools
- the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed off as an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," said Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized high-school exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following,
with a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view
highstress exams give a false picture of a student's abilities. In the United
States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the grounds there are
"too many tests." Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are making similar
moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at specialist public
high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that favours students
who can afford to hire tutors. And U.S. law schools are looking at ways to
reduce increasing failures in bar admissions exams, in some cases letting
students skip them entirely.

Driven by recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and
attention, the target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled
- is not the pop quiz or the end-of-chapter recap test, but the high-stakes,
allor-nothing, pencil-chewing, hair-twisting final exam.

Even China, the cultural wellspring of the tiger mother, is trying to lessen
student workloads. In India, which like other Asian countries still generally
hews to the model of do-or-die exams and where parents were photographed last
month scaling the wall of a school to slip cheat sheets to their children taking
an exam inside, Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently felt compelled to tell
high-school students these exams "are not the end of your life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way.

"It is difficult to communicate the pain, suffering and misery suffered by
high-testanxious subjects before, during, and after major evaluative
experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an education professor at University of
Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test Anxiety.

It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and schools were
revamped under progressive ideologies. But where teachers and parents might once
have emphasized preparation to overcome exam anxiety, now the goal is to
alleviate distress as much as possible by cutting exams or downplaying their
importance.

Critics decry this apparent Montessorification of higher education. They argue
ditching exams simply coddles immature students who would benefit from a bit of
temporary pressure to prepare for the real world. "Sometimes I wonder who they
are trying to make it easier on," said Doretta Wilson, executive director of the
Society for Quality Education, an advocacy group that opposes the "fads" of
"progressivism" in teaching strategies.

She said the anti-exam ideology grew out of the "self-esteem" movement in
education, in which failure is to be avoided at all costs, even when it is
deserved.

"We are now reaping the consequences of that emphasis," she said. "We've not
trained our kids to deal with that kind of stress. ... We've done a generation
of kids a disservice by giving them so much self-esteem that they can't deal
with failure."

Once a place for elite competition among the best and brightest, university
education now resembles innertube water polo, where the emphasis is on
participation and everybody gets a medal, said Ken Coates, Canada research chair
in regional innovation at the University of Saskatchewan and co-author of Campus
Confidential, which criticizes declining university standards.

"Employers used to know that if you graduated university, then you had achieved
certain things," he said. Allowing students to skip exams is "taking away a key
element of a university degree. People have forgotten at great detriment that
the writing of a test is a valuable skill in its own right."

There is evidence, however, the slow death of exams is not simply a sympathetic
response to quivering students, but to new science around cognition, which
suggests the traditional high-stress, all-or-nothing final exam under gymnasium
floodlights may not be an accurate measure of learning. "There is a time and a
place for diagnostics, but a sole reliance on them does not seem wise to me,"
said Sian Beilock, a neuroscientist who heads the Human Performance Lab at the
University of Chicago and researches cognitive performance under pressure.
Stressful exams "rob us of our limited ability to pay attention to what we need
to," she said. It is comparable to why driving and talking on a cellphone is so
bad; the worries associated with performance under pressure "soak up the
resources that we could be using to focus on a test."

This is not an entirely novel idea. "Test anxiety. The very words reverberate in
people's innermost beings," Wilbert J. McKeachie, a former president of the
American Psychological Association, wrote more than 20 years ago.

In the earliest recorded scientific investigation of the phenomenon, in 1914,
one in five U.S. medical students was shown to have higher sugar content in
their urine after a big exam. It suggested something unusual was happening in
their bodies, although no one quite knew what it was.

The intervening decades have clarified that physiological picture. Broadly, the
idea is that exams are threatening situations, and some people respond with
anxiety, manifested in heart palpitations, sweating, twitching and dry mouth. To
measure this objectively, researchers have taken spit samples before and after
students write exams; their level of anxiety can be seen in the presence of
cortisol in their saliva, a stress hormone and an indicator of arousal.

Darwinists will recognize this as the evolved adaptive response to danger.
Freudians will recognize anxiety that verges on the neurotic, a response out of
proportion to the threat. Less obvious is that the people who thrive under the
pressure of exams and those who collapse under the stress are often showing the
exact same physiological response. Just as "fight or flight" are flip sides of
the same reaction, so, too, are succeed or choke. Increased heart rate, for
example, can feel like panic, but it also means better oxygen supply to muscles
and the brain.

Writing an exam is like doing homework professionally. Students who have learned
in their bedrooms, or at the kitchen table, or under the devoted tutelage of a
patient teacher, suddenly have to dress up, show up and perform under pressure.
As such, it is a preview of adult life for people who are not yet adults. For
some, the sensation is thrilling. For others, it can be traumatic.

"Ironically, those most likely to fail in demanding situations are those who, in
the absence of pressure, have the greatest capacity for success," Beilock said
in a research paper, Math Performance In Stressful Situations, published in 2008
in Current Directions in Psychological Science. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia
Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fred Dufour, AFP, Getty Images, File; Students in France take a high
school graduation exam. Some educators are pushing to marginalize exams, calling
them an affront to human nature and dignity.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Edmonton Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              59 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                            January 19, 2004 Monday

Mall would marginalize Tewksbury's quality of life

SECTION: LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 498 words


The purported $3-million "Mills mall tax windfall" estimated by town officials
is penny-wise and pound-foolish. A tax ledger fails to include qualities of a
community that cannot be immediately reduced to dollars. These figures seem to
indicate a high regard for tax revenue, while Tewksbury residents seem to be
held in low esteem. These calculations by Tewksbury Town Manager David Cressman
do not indicate the importance of sense of community we experience in South
Tewksbury, one of the town's densest residential areas. South Tewksbury is a
safe, secure environment that fosters a singular belonging that only a close
neighborhood can deliver.

We represent the community of the town: we are teachers, defense contract
workers, retirees, building inspectors, engineers, financial advisers, auto
repair persons, loan officers, physical therapists, designers and medical
professionals. We stand to lose, with the change in zoning of this large swath
of land.

The mall, if built, will chip away at our quality of life; it will increase of
noise, traffic, and crime. This deterioration has been repeated in other
communities that have naively accepted the alluring premise that commercially
zoned land results in a more positive return. Eventually, "sprawl" provides less
open space for recreation and more "hardscape" malls, strip malls, fast-food
establishments and other businesses. This type of development increases our
dependence on auto transport. These conditions will affect all parts of
Tewksbury, as snarled feeder roads will be gridlocked with those from other
communities trying to find a back way to the mall.

Typically, a large commercial endeavor locates near an urban center. What stands
between the commercially zoned land and the nearby urban centers will, over
time, become built-out with more commercial establishments. Noise,
round-the-clock light spillage, reduced air quality and crime will marginalize
the few residential patches that might remain. The threat that the new zoning
proposal will safeguard the land from affordable housing proposals is false too.
To threaten this alternative in the name of saving the schools from overcrowding
is disingenuous.

We need proactive strategic planning that enhances the quality of life for all
residents. Leaning toward preserving this area as open space began 5 to 7 years
ago when the same developer proposed and built two housing developments. What
has happened to this concept of enhancing the quality of life by providing more
open space? Now these new residents, who have invested hundreds of thousands in
their homes, are confronted with reduced real estate values.

Options for development of this key area should include facilitating the cleanup
of the former Rocco's dump and developing livable options for open land. The
Mills mall rezoning, if passed, will eventually marginalize our existence, until
those who remain will envy those who have left.

PRISCILLA HARCOURT

South Tewksbury

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2004 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              60 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Testing idea of scrapping high-stress examinations; Educational reformers seek
to give more weight to daily school work

BYLINE: Joseph Brean, National Post

SECTION: CONTEXT; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 1218 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of last-ditch, high-stress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: the possible cancellation of this year's big
tests.

That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to bump up
final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests at the
leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary schools
- the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed offas an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," said Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized high-school exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following,
with a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view
high-stress exams give a false picture of a student's abilities.

In the United States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the
grounds there are "too many tests." Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are
making similar moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at
specialist public high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that
favours students who can afford to hire tutors. And U.S. law schools are looking
at ways to reduce increasing failures in bar admissions exams, in some cases
letting students skip them entirely.

Driven by recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and
attention, the target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled
- is not the pop quiz or the end-of-chapter recap test, but the high-stakes,
allor-nothing, pencil-chewing, hairtwisting final exam.

Even China, the cultural wellspring of the tiger mother, is trying to lessen
student workloads. In India, which like other Asian countries still generally
hews to the model of do-or-die exams and where parents were photographed last
month scaling the wall of a

school to slip cheat sheets to their children taking an exam inside, Prime
Minister Narendra Modi recently felt compelled to tell highschool students these
exams "are not the end of your life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way.

"It is difficult to communicate the pain, suffering and misery suffered by
high-test-anxious subjects before, during, and after major evaluative
experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an education professor at University of
Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test Anxiety.

It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and schools were
revamped under progressive ideologies. But where teachers and parents might once
have emphasized preparation to overcome exam anxiety, now the goal is to
alleviate distress as much as possible by cutting exams or downplaying their
importance.

Critics decry this apparent Montessorification of higher education.

They argue ditching exams simply coddles immature students who would benefit
from a bit of temporary pressure to prepare for the real world.

"Sometimes I wonder who they are trying to make it easier on," said Doretta
Wilson, executive director of the Society for Quality Education, an advocacy
group that opposes the "fads" of "progressivism" in teaching strategies.

She said the anti-exam ideology grew out of the "self-esteem" movement in
education, in which failure is to be avoided at all costs, even when it is
deserved.

"We are now reaping the consequences of that emphasis," she said. "We've not
trained our kids to deal with that kind of stress ... We've done a generation of
kids a disservice by giving them so much self-esteem that they can't deal with
failure."

Once a place for elite competition among the best and brightest, university
education now resembles inner-tube water polo, where the emphasis is on
participation and everybody gets a medal, said Ken Coates, Canada research chair
in regional innovation at the University of Saskatchewan and coauthor of Campus
Confidential, which criticizes declining university standards.

"Employers used to know that if you graduated university, then you had achieved
certain things," he said. Allowing students to skip exams is "taking away a key
element of a university degree."

"People have forgotten at great detriment that the writing of a test is a
valuable skill in its own right." There is evidence, however, the slow death of
exams is not simply a sympathetic response to quivering students, but to new
science around cognition, which suggests the traditional high-stress,
all-or-nothing final exam under gymnasium floodlights may not be an accurate
measure of learning.

"There is a time and a place for diagnostics, but a sole reliance on them does
not seem wise to me," said Sian Beilock, a neuroscientist who heads the Human
Performance Lab at the University of Chicago and researches cognitive
performance under pressure.

Stressful exams "rob us of our limited ability to pay attention to what we need
to," she said. It is comparable to why driving and talking on a cellphone at the
same time is so bad; the worries associated with performance under pressure
"soak up the resources that we could be using to focus on a test."

In the earliest recorded scientific investigation of the phenomenon, in 1914,
one in five U.S. medical students was shown to have higher sugar content in
their urine after a big exam. It suggested something unusual was happening,
although no one quite knew what it was. The intervening decades have clarified
that physiological picture. Broadly, the idea is exams are threatening
situations, and some people respond with anxiety, manifested in heart
palpitations, sweating, twitching and dry mouth. To measure this objectively,
researchers have taken spit samples before and after students write exams; their
level of anxiety can be seen in the presence of cortisol in their saliva, a
stress hormone and an indicator of arousal.

Darwinists will recognize this as the evolved adaptive response to danger.
Freudians will recognize anxiety that verges on the neurotic. Less obvious is
that the people who thrive under the pressure and those who collapse under the
stress are often showing the exact same physiological response. Increased heart
rate, for example, can feel like panic, but it also means better oxygen supply
to muscles and the brain.

Students who have learned in their bedrooms, or at the kitchen table, or under
the tutelage of a teacher, suddenly have to perform under pressure. As such, it
is a preview of adult life for people who are not yet adults. For some, the
sensation is thrilling. For others, it can be traumatic.

"Ironically, those most likely to fail in demanding situations are those who, in
the absence of pressure, have the greatest capacity for success," Beilock said
in a research paper, Math Performance In Stressful Situations, published in
2008. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fred Dufour, AFP, Getty Images, Files; Students take their high school
graduation exam in Paris in this file photo. For all the energy and attention
they demand, some educators are pushing to marginalize exams, calling them an
affront to human nature and dignity.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 Calgary Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              61 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Cihan News Agency (CNA)

                           February 25, 2014 Tuesday

OSCE sends assessment mission to Ukraine to rebuild trust among the parties

LENGTH: 578  words


NEW YORK (CIHAN)- The Chairperson-in-Office of the Organization for Security and
Co-operation in Europe (OSCE) proposed today (24 Feb) establishing an
International Contact Group on Ukraine.



Speaking to reporters outside the Security Council, Didier Burkhalter, head of
the Federal Department of Foreign Affairs of Switzerland, noted that OSCE has
decided to send a core team to conduct an assessment mission, which could lead
to a potential Human Rights mission and also a potential Election Observation
mission.

He said that "these missions, Human Rights and elections missions, can be
reality if there is a request from the Ukrainian authorities and therefore we
wish that. We expect from the Ukrainian authorities to say very clearly that
such missions, Human Rights and such other mission -election observation- are
needed."

Earlier today, Burkhalter told the Security Council that Ukraine should play a
prominent role in the International Contact Group and the international key
actors should be included.

He said "the Human Rights Assessment Mission would recommend measures to deal
with serious violations of human rights allegedly committed during that period.
Its findings would be presented in a report and would help advance national
reconciliation in Ukraine."

He added that presidential elections will be a crucial moment in the current
transition period.

The Swiss diplomat said "we are currently witnessing a phase of de-escalation in
Ukraine. It is essential to support a fair and inclusive process of transition
which does not marginalize any part of Ukraine or any community."

Burkhalter underlined "Ukraine deserves full international attention and
support. I am convinced that the OSCE has the necessary tools to assist Ukraine
in this difficult phase."

SHOTLIST:
24 FEBRUARY 2014, NEW YORK CITY

Exterior UN building
Didier Burkhalter walking to the stakeout position
Camera
Notepad
Security Council
Delegations
Security Council

SOUNDBITE (English) Didier Burkhalter, Chairperson-in-Office of the OSCE:
"These missions, Human Rights and elections missions, can be reality if there is
a request from the Ukrainian authorities and therefore we wish that. We expect
from the Ukrainian authorities to say very clearly that such missions, Human
Rights and such other mission -election observation- are needed."

SOUNDBITE (English) Didier Burkhalter, Chairperson-in-Office of the OSCE:
"I therefore propose establishing an International Contact Group on Ukraine.
Ukraine should of course play a prominent role in the group and the
international key actors should be included. We are currently consulting this
idea with all actors involved."

SOUNDBITE (English) Didier Burkhalter, Chairperson-in-Office of the OSCE:
"The Human Rights Assessment Mission would recommend measures to deal with
serious violations of human rights allegedly committed during that period. Its
findings would be presented in a report and would help advance national
reconciliation in Ukraine."

SOUNDBITE (English) Didier Burkhalter, Chairperson-in-Office of the OSCE:
"We are currently witnessing a phase of de-escalation in Ukraine. It is
essential to support a fair and inclusive process of transition which does not
marginalize any part of Ukraine or any community. Ukraine deserves full
international attention and support. I am convinced that the OSCE has the
necessary tools to assist Ukraine in this difficult phase."

DURATION: 02:13
CIHANCopyright © 2014 Cihan News Agency.

LOAD-DATE: February 25, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 223


                        Copyright 2014 Cihan News Agency
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              62 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Daily Camera (Boulder, Colorado)

                              March 4, 2013 Monday

Boulder County ACLU protests CU censorship of student art

BYLINE: Camera staff

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 418 words


The Boulder County chapter of the ACLU is urging the University of Colorado not
to censor student art, following controversy over the school's removal of a
student art exhibit featuring female genitalia.

Judd Golden, chairman of the American Civil Liberties Union's local chapter,
sent a letter to CU on Monday urging the art department to "encourage interested
students and the public to view and draw their own conclusions." Golden also
offered to help CU develop a student art policy.



 CU spokesman Bronson Hilliard countered that it's not a free speech issue.
Instead, he said, the exhibit, which was in a public lobby of the school's
Visual Arts Complex, was moved to a basement gallery because the content was
deemed too mature for touring high school students who regularly came through
the lobby.



 "We made substantial accommodations for the student," Hilliard said. "We don't
believe we engaged in censorship or anything like it. The First Amendment allows
us to make restrictions on time, place and manner."



 In December, CU graduate art student Clarissa Peppers installed two of her
pieces in the Visual Arts Complex lobby. The works, titled "I Don't Whistle" and
"When in Rome," featured looping videos of a swinging bell and cyclamen flowers,
respectively, below female genitalia.



 A few hours later, the chairman of CU's Department of Art and Art History
removed the pieces because of complaints and relocated them to the basement.



 The decision sparked controversy in which fellow students, faculty members and
national anti-censorship advocates spoke out in support of the artist. The saga
culminated with Peppers re-applying for the Visual Arts Complex lobby space and,
ultimately, reinstalling her work there last week -- with cautionary signage and
a floor-to-ceiling curtain to protect people who would be offended.



 Her work came down Saturday, the scheduled end of its run.



 According to Golden, cautionary signage -- that some art may be "offensive" and
the works "contain nudity" -- chills free expression and may prejudice potential
viewers.



 "Once you allow the government to censor someone else, or to marginalize
artwork by 'warning' people that it is possibly offensive, we have ceded to
government the power to censor or marginalize everyone," Golden wrote in his
letter.

University of Colorado graduate student Clarissa Peppers' artwork was removed
from display in the Visual Arts Complex. The work was reinstalled there last
week with cautionary signage and a floor-to-ceiling curtain.

LOAD-DATE: March 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: University of Colorado graduate student Clarissa Peppers' artwork was
removed from display in the Visual Arts Complex. The work was reinstalled there
last week with cautionary signage and a floor-to-ceiling curtain.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Prairie Mountain Publishing
                              All Rights Reserved


                              63 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             August 24, 2012 Friday

Iran will gain in U.N. chief's visit;
Secretary general's plans to attend summit come despite U.S.-Israel protest

BYLINE: RICK GLADSTONE

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 1269 words

ABSTRACT

Ban Ki-moon plans to attend an annual meeting that Iran has trumpeted as a
vindication of its defiance and enduring importance in world affairs, despite
U.S.-led efforts to marginalize the country.

FULL TEXT

Efforts led by the United States and Israel to isolate Iran suffered a setback
when the United Nations announced that Secretary General Ban Ki-moon would join
officials from 120 countries in Tehran next week for a summit meeting that Iran
has trumpeted as a vindication of its defiance and enduring importance in world
affairs.

Mr. Ban's decision to attend the meeting of the Nonaligned Movement, announced
on Wednesday by his spokesman, Martin Nesirky, came despite objections from the
United States and Israel, including a phone call from Prime Minister Benjamin
Netanyahu. The decision was announced a few days after the new president of
Egypt, a country that has long been estranged from Iran, said he would attend
the summit meeting, a decision that had already unsettled the Israelis.

Taken together, the moves reinforced Iran's contention that a reordering of
powers is under way in the Middle East, where Western influence is waning, and
that the American-Israeli campaign to vilify Iran as a rogue state that exports
terrorism and secretly covets nuclear weapons is not resonating in much of the
world.

The meeting of the Nonaligned Movement, a group formed during the Cold War,
includes a number of other countries that the United States has sought to
marginalize, among them North Korea and Sudan, whose president, Omar Hassan
al-Bashir, is wanted under a war crimes indictment by the International Criminal
Court. Although Iran's hosting of the meeting is strictly a coincidence of
history - under a rotating system, Iran presides over the group through 2014 -
Iranian leaders have portrayed it as a privilege that repudiates the U.S.
narrative.

''The extraordinary effort that the Iranian leaders have put into the summit is
intended to showcase Iran's global role and offer concrete evidence that the
U.S. policy of isolating Iran has failed,'' said Farideh Farhi, an independent
Iranian scholar at the University of Hawaii. ''A case is being made that it is
not the 'global community' that has problems with the Islamic republic as
repeatedly asserted by U.S. officials, but merely a U.S.-led-and-pressured
coalition of countries. And ironically the Obama administration is conceding the
point by trying to pressure various leaders from attending the meeting.''

Mr. Ban's decision to participate, which might have gone nearly unnoticed in
other years, is particularly fraught because of the tensions surrounding the
host country. Iran has defied U.N. Security Council resolutions to halt its
uranium enrichment and has strongly supported the Syrian government's harsh
repression of an armed uprising, a crackdown that Mr. Ban has repeatedly
condemned.

Mr. Ban has also castigated anti-Semitic statements and calls for the
destruction of Israel mad e recently by Iranian leaders, reminding them that the
U.N. Charter prohibits one member from threatening the existence of another.

But many diplomats and others said it would have been extraordinarily difficult
for Mr. Ban not to attend. The 120 countries that are in the Nonaligned Movement
represent the biggest single voting bloc among the 193 members in the General
Assembly at the United Nations. It is customary for the secretary general to
attend the movement's annual meetings, regardless of political sensitivities
surrounding the host country.

''A sizable chunk if not a majority of the world's population are citizens of
nonaligned nations,'' said Karim Sadjadpour, an Iran expert at the Carnegie
Endowment for International Peace in Washington. ''It's not something the United
Nations secretary general can easily dismiss.''

Acknowledging that Mr. Ban had been under pressure not to attend, Mr. Nesirky
said Mr. Ban viewed the visit as a chance to raise all of these issues directly
with his Iranian hosts.

''The secretary general is fully aware of the sensitivities of this visit,'' Mr.
Nesirky told reporters at the United Nations. ''He's heard the views of some of
those who said he should not go. At the same time, the secretary general has
responsibilities that he is determined to carry out.''

Mr. Nesirky said Mr. Ban expected to meet with senior Iranian officials,
including the supreme leader, Ayatollah Ali Khamenei. ''It is certainly the
secretary general's expectation that he will have meaningful and fruitful
discussions with the supreme leader,'' Mr. Nesirky said. To boycott the
invitation from Iran, Mr. Nesirky said, ''would be a missed opportunity.''

There was no immediate reaction from Israel to Mr. Ban's decision. But according
to Mr. Netanyahu's office, he had telephoned Mr. Ban on Aug. 10 and told him
that such a trip, even if well intentioned, would be a mistake. ''Your visit
will grant legitimacy to a regime that is the greatest threat to world peace and
security,'' Mr. Netanyahu was quoted as saying.

Even before Mr. Ban made his decision known, the Israeli government was
asserting that the sanctions effort against Iran was not working, a conclusion
reinforced for the Israelis when President Mohamed Morsi of Egypt said he would
attend the summit meeting in Iran.

''If you're going there, if you're paying homage to the leaders of Iran, what
kind of diplomatic isolation is that?'' Mark Regev, Mr. Netanyahu's spokesman,
said of Mr. Morsi's decision.

The reaction to Mr. Ban's announcement was more muted from the administration of
President Barack Obama, which had engaged in a less public effort to dissuade
the visit.

Some administration officials sought to put the best face on the situation,
urging Mr. Ban to take advantage of the moment to convey his unhappiness with
Iran's behavior.''We think that Iran is going to try to use the event for
propaganda purposes and to try to cover up the extreme isolation Iran is feeling
politically and economically,'' said Tommy Vietor, a spokesman for the National
Security Council. ''That said, if people choose to participate, we believe they
should take the opportunity of any meetings that they have with Iran's leaders
to press them to comply with their international obligations without further
delay.''

The American Jewish Committee, among a number of pro-Israel voices in the United
States that had exhorted Mr. Ban not to visit Iran, called the decision ''a
grave mistake'' in a statement posted on its Web site.

''Tehran is not the place for the U.N. secretary general to visit, not at this
time, not to meet with this Iranian regime,'' David Harris, executive director
of the group, said in the statement. ''We are stunned that Secretary General Ban
Ki-moon would honor a regime that consistently ignores both him and the world
body he heads in ways that threaten regional and global security.''

Some said that Mr. Ban's three-day visit, which begins next Wednesday, could
also turn out badly for Iranian leaders, particularly if he raises issues in an
unfiltered way to the Iranian public about the government's human rights record.

Others said that Mr. Ban could surprise critics by confronting or embarrassing
Ayatollah Khamenei and his subordinates over their anti-Semitic statements.

''The fact that he's going is going to be viewed as a victory for Iran,'' said
Trita Parsi, president of the National Iranian American Council, an advocacy
group of Americans of Iranian descent. ''But if pressure leads Ban Ki-moon to
express harsh criticism of their statements on Israel, then it could be viewed
as a victory for those who had not wanted him to go.''

LOAD-DATE: August 23, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              64 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           December 3, 2008 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Giving up on God (sort of)

BYLINE: DAVID HARSANYI Denver Post Columnist

SECTION: Pg. B-13

LENGTH: 639 words


Do we need God in politics?

Washington Post columnist Kathleen Parker recently penned a provocative column
titled "Giving up on God," wherein she suggested that the Republican Party ditch
G-O-D. The piece so rankled James Dobson (Ph.D in Divine Insight) that he
compared Parker to that seditious bum Benedict Arnold.

Among factions of conservatism, there is a general willingness to co-exist and -
sporadically - win elections. Dobson, conversely, employs a saintly litmus test
that marginalizes large swaths of his own party. He has redefined "traditional
values," an essential ingredient for Republican victory, to mean "illogical
rigidity."

Californians, Dobson rationalizes, prove that values voters still matter because
"many who pulled the lever for the 'change' he \[Obama\] espoused also pulled it
for the stability provided by marriage as recognized for millennia in all
civilized societies."

Actually, if California voters proved anything, it is that voters don't feel the
need to vote Republican even if they happen to recognize the stability provided
by the millennia-long need to be hassled by a clingy do-gooder from the opposite
sex.

And, despite perceptions, Barack Obama did not support gay marriage. In fact,
few national Democrats of note explicitly back gay marriage - notwithstanding
their demonizing conservatives. Democrats have made social issues irrelevant by
simply ignoring them. Abortion may elicit passionate quarrels among online
commentators, but on the ground, policy has scarcely stirred in decades.

Those Californians who voted for Obama and also against gay marriage signaled
that social issues are, at the very least, of secondary political importance.
Nationally, polls by USA Today/Gallup, CBS News/New York Times, NBC News/Wall
Street Journal and FOX News/Opinion Dynamics bear this out. Factors like
"improving the economy," "creating jobs" and "stabilizing the nation's financial
institutions" were on the top of voters' minds this time around, while value
issues brought up the rear with other subjects Americans pretend to care about,
like "helping the environment."

Sure, there are citizens who oppose gay marriage - not out of bigotry or
irrational loathing, but out of a sense of tradition and faith. The problem is
that the Dobson Wing hinders Republicans from offering any feasible
counter-solutions. Dobson not only opposes man-on-man matrimony but civil
unions, as well. He opposes adoption for gay couples. Let's face it; he opposes
the existence of gays.

Good luck with that.

These are not so much ideologically "conservative" positions as they are moral
injunctions. Dobson may grouse in conservative jargon about a court undermining
the will of the people. But does anyone believe that Dobson would similarly
pound the dais when judicial activism falls his way - as it has on issues
ranging from free speech to medical marijuana?

Aren't Republicans also (hypothetically) the party of limited government and
individual freedom?

Dobson claims that Parker and other secular conservatives are trying to
marginalize Christian voters when, in effect, he has it backwards. Poor Rudy
Giuliani once dressed up as a woman. And Mitt Romney, yeah, he was born into
cult. And this one was divorced too many times and the other one ... well,
pleasing James Dobson can be a holy hassle.

No, evangelicals are not "ailing" the Republican Party, as Parker contends, but
the acceptance of the traditional value wing should not be a prerequisite to
being a "real" conservative.

Unless Jesus is going to rectify the stock market, Republicans are in for a
lonely ride. And as long as the Dobson Wing fools itself into believing
political fortunes can be resuscitated by ruining Billy and Bobby's honeymoon,
they are in for a decade-long surprise.

Reach columnist David Harsanyi at 303-954-1255 or dharsanyi@denverpost.com

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              65 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                                 June 10, 2014

To Conquer AIDS, Philanthropy Must Fight the Injustice It Thrives On

BYLINE: Scott Campbell

SECTION: OPINION; Community

LENGTH: 762  words

ABSTRACT

Among marginalized Americans, AIDS is spiraling out of control, fueled by
unemployment, lack of education, racial biases, and incarceration.

FULL TEXT

Many Americans-and many donors-think that HIV/AIDS is a thing of the past or
that other problems deserve more attention. But make no mistake: The AIDS
epidemic in America is raging.

It is being fueled by injustice and fanned by ignorance. We can put out this
fire but only through a united effort by organizations and grant makers to
promote more compassion toward people most often at risk of the
disease-injection drug users, the incarcerated, racial and sexual minorities,
and others who face inequality and discrimination in their daily lives.

Recent years have brought some positive developments in the fight against
HIV/AIDS. Annual infection rates, while still problematic, have stabilized. And
more people with HIV/AIDS are aware of their condition than ever before, meaning
they can seek the treatment that will prevent illness and further spread of the
virus.

Among marginalized populations, however, the AIDS epidemic is spiraling out of
control.

Gay and bisexual men, for instance, represent about 2 percent of the national
population. But they accounted for 56 percent of Americans living with an HIV
infection in 2010. African-Americans, meanwhile, accounted for 49 percent of
Americans diagnosed with AIDS in 2011. And yet they make up only 12 percent of
the national population.

In the American South, HIV/AIDS is the leading cause of early death among gay
men and transgender individuals; that is in part because homophobia is
widespread in that region, especially in rural areas, and service providers and
nonprofits don't have the resources to reach men who need healthcare.

One in seven people with HIV passes through the federal correctional system each
year, but support services for recently released inmates remain scarce.

The implication of these statistics is clear: Among populations that our society
marginalizes or ignores, AIDS remains a devastating illness.

The fight against AIDS is a fight against injustice. That is the fundamental
insight that informs our grant making at the Elton John AIDS Foundation, and we
hope our experience and approach can help demonstrate what more grant makers
must do.

At Resource Center Dallas, for example, our grants allow the organization to
offer bilingual education, testing, and counseling aimed helping Latino
Americans, who have three times the rate of new infections as other Americans.

In Shreveport, La., our support for the Philadelphia Center is allowing the
organization to provide care to people with AIDS while also supporting advocacy
work to fight the entrenched homophobia that has made the region the deadliest
in America for anyone with the disease.

Many worthy organizations like these focus on two related goals: fighting a
deadly disease and a culture that ignores their plight. But philanthropy needs
to do more to support the brave and effective organizations that are on the
front lines of the fight against HIV/AIDS.

For too long, the HIV effort has been seen as sufficiently funded by many grant
makers. But while government programs have supported clinical-care services for
people with HIV, crucial community-centered education and social services have
struggled. As a result, 55,000 people contract HIV every year, and over 700,000
HIV-positive people are not obtaining effective HIV-related care. For example, a
recent Emory University study demonstrated that employment, education, race,
social networks, and incarceration are all factors that contribute to one's risk
of contracting HIV.

That's why all grant makers that work to promote community development, social
justice, and human rights must fund HIV programs and why those that already
support HIV efforts must expand their grant making beyond HIV services to
broader issues of rights and justice. The Elton John AIDS Foundation, for
instance, is now the largest supporter of programs to aid black LGBTQ
individuals in the United States, as well as the largest financier of programs
supporting LGBTQ individuals in the American South.

To end AIDS, we must end the injustice it thrives upon. Doing so will require a
new sense of urgency and a new commitment to activism. It will require an
understanding that the AIDS crisis is not a thing of the past but a scourge of
the present. Most of all, it will require a sea change in the way society--and
donors--view the communities that are being ravaged by this disease. Together,
philanthropy can spark and sustain that change.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo by ttfnrob/Flickr
AIDS oped 061211

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2014 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              66 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Jerusalem Post

                            August 27, 2007, Monday

Hard-hitting critique or deadly lies? Bad for the US, bad for Israel

BYLINE: Jerusalem Post Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 650 words

HIGHLIGHT: The charge and counter-charge between two American academics and a
Jewish organizational leader in the incendiary debate over the American-Israel
relationship. See related article with same main headline.


On the eve of its publication on Monday, the book The Israel Lobby and US
Foreign Policy by John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt appeared set for strong
sales, already featuring at No. 1 in Amazon.com's Israel History ranking and No.
10 in the US History ranking.

Published by Farrar, Straus and Giroux, the book is an expansion of themes that
first appeared in an article entitled The Israel Lobby written by Mearsheimer
(of the University of Chicago) and Walt (of Harvard's John F. Kennedy School of
Government) in the London Review of Books last year.

In essence, the authors argue in the book that a loose coalition of individuals
and organizations shape US foreign policy in a pro-Israel direction and that
this lobby has pushed policies that are neither in America's national interest
nor Israel's long-term interest. No other ethnic lobby the authors claim, has so
diverted US policy away from the American national interest.

The Israel lobby is the antithesis of a cabal or conspiracy they state. What
sets it apart in short is its extraordinary effectiveness."

The authors stress that supporters of Israel "have every right to advocate their
positions and it is wrong to question their loyalty when they do. Yet it is
equally legitimate for critics to point out that organizations like AIPAC are
not neutral or that the individuals ... are motivated by an attachment to Israel
that is bound to shape their thinking about many foreign policy issues."

They allege that groups within the lobby "try to marginalize anyone who
criticizes Israeli policy or challenges the 'special relationship'" between the
US and Israel and that they attempt to deprive such critics of getting "a fair
hearing." At times the authors claim heavy-handed tactics are employed to
silence critics including the leveling of accusations that such critics are
anti-Israel or anti-Semitic.

"Smearing critics of Israel or the lobby with the charge of anti-Semitism works
to marginalize them in the public arena the book states, asserting that the
charge of anti-Semitism is a widely used weapon."

Although the authors state that the US should support the existence of Israel
they add that Israel's security is ultimately not of critical strategic
importance to the United States.

The book claims that broader US policies in the Middle East - on Iran Iraq and
the Palestinians for instance - reflect Israel's preferences.

Israel and the lobby have pushed US policy in a strategically unwise direction
over Iran for the past 15 years they state thwarting the possibility of detente.
Only because of this pressure is there contemplation of the notion of a military
strike against Iran. And if this dangerous policy were followed and such a
strike were to take place the US would be attacking "in part on Israel's
behalf."

On Iraq the book says that pressure from Israel and the lobby was "not the only
factor behind the decision" to invade but it was a critical element. The war
stemmed in large part from "a desire to make Israel more secure and were it not
for Israel and the lobby, America would not be in Iraq today."

The writers claim that "many policies" that the US follows on Israel's behalf
"now jeopardize US national security." Moreover it charges the lobby's influence
"has not helped Israel either."

The lobby it contends makes it "difficult to impossible for the US government to
criticize Israel's conduct and press it to change some of its counterproductive
policies and in so doing, may even be jeopardizing" Israel's long-term future.

"The United States has enormous potential leverage at its disposal for dealing
with Israel and the Palestinians the book states. It could threaten to cut off
all economic and diplomatic support for Israel. If that were not enough it would
have little difficulty lining up international support to isolate Israel."

LOAD-DATE: August 29, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: 2 photos: John Mearsheimer and Stephen Walt (Credit: Courtesy Photos)

                       Copyright 2007 The Jerusalem Post


                              67 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          November 23, 2011 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Egypt's Doomed Election

BYLINE: By ANDREW S. REYNOLDS.

Andrew S. Reynolds is an associate professor of political science at the
University of North Carolina, Chapel Hill.

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; OP-ED CONTRIBUTOR; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 835 words


Chapel Hill, N.C.

EGYPT, the largest and most important country to overthrow its government during
the Arab Spring, is careening toward a disastrous parliamentary election that
begins on Nov. 28 and could bring the country to the brink of civil war.

As protesters fill Tahrir Square once again and violence spreads throughout
Cairo, the military government's legitimacy is becoming even more tenuous. The
announcement Tuesday of a ''National Salvation Government'' may stem the
violence for now, but the coming vote will not lead to a stable democracy.

The election is likely to fail, not because of vote-stealing or violence, but
because the rules cobbled together by Egypt's military leaders virtually
guarantee that the Parliament elected will not reflect the votes of the Egyptian
people.

While advising civil society groups and political parties on election issues
earlier this year in Cairo, I found that the voices of Egyptians who were at the
forefront of the revolution were stifled during the secretive election-planning
process.

On countless occasions, political parties went to the ruling military council to
object to drafts of the electoral law and were brushed off with piecemeal
changes. Civic groups concerned about the representation of women and minorities
were not even given a seat at the table. And the United Nations, which played a
major role in assisting Tunisia with its election, was denied access to election
planners in Cairo.

The result is an election that will overrepresent the larger parties while
shutting out smaller ones, marginalize Coptic Christians and progressives and
consign millions of Egyptians to voting for losers through an overly complicated
process that combines proportional representation with majoritarianism and an
antiquated quota system.

One-third of the 498 seats in Parliament will be chosen from districts in which
the winners must get a majority of the vote (in a runoff if necessary). In these
districts, name recognition gives established power brokers -- local strongmen
who held sway before the revolution -- the upper hand. Even if most of the
elected candidates are not high-ranking apparatchiks of the old regime -- or
''remnants,'' as Egyptians call them -- many are likely to have been cogs in the
corrupt machine that ruled Egypt for decades.

Two-thirds of the seats will be contested in proportional representation
districts, where voters select among party candidate lists and each party win
seats in proportion to its share of votes.

Unlike in Tunisia, which successfully used a simple across-the-board
proportional system to include many voices in the country's legislative
assembly, Egypt's multilayered system is likely to marginalize new progressive,
secular and liberal groups that lack grass-roots networks across the country.

The sidelining of smaller Islamic and secular parties would damage citizens'
faith in the democratic process, and the exclusion of the minority Coptic
Christians from significant representation in Parliament could be catastrophic.

Copts are unlikely to vote for Islamic parties and, after October's violent
street battles between Christian demonstrators and the military, they have lost
faith in old liberal movements like the Wafd Party. They are instead coalescing
around niche parties like the Justice Party and the Free Egyptians. But these
groups are polling at less than 5 percent -- not enough to win more than a
handful of seats. And if Copts are shut out of Parliament, they are also likely
to be absent from the committee which will draw up the new Egyptian
constitution.

The military has also retained an anachronistic quota, reserving at least half
of the new Parliament for ''workers and farmers,'' a rule that has been used to
manipulate election results in Egypt since the presidency of Gamal Abdel Nasser.

In practice, this means that the new progressive parties that are lucky enough
to pick up a few seats may not be able to fill those seats with the young
leaders who organized the Tahrir Square protests in February. Instead, many of
the founders of those parties will be leapfrogged so workers or farmers who were
required to be placed on the party's list can get into Parliament.

The threat of electoral defeat has even made some liberals sympathetic to the
military's attempt to dominate the constitution-writing process. They are so
fearful of Muslim Brotherhood dominance that they would rather have secular
strongmen in control than democratically elected Islamists.

It may be true that the military wants an impotent new Parliament, but when
liberals resort to supporting the tools of dictators, the future is bleak.

What Egypt desperately needs is an election and a resulting Parliament that are
seen to be fair and inclusive. Under the rules the military has imposed, the
chances of that happening are slim.

If voters' voices are not heard in their first post-revolutionary election, the
crisis unleashed by democratic failure in Egypt will have consequences reaching
far beyond the Arab world.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: DRAWING (DRAWING BY CARDON WEBB)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Op-Ed

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 The New York Times Company


                              68 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                             July 13, 1991 Saturday

MIND AND MATTER   Debunking the well-publicized   notion that some of us may
carry a couch-potato gene

BYLINE: STEPHEN STRAUSS; GAM

LENGTH: 902 words


BY STEPHEN STRAUSS
 COVER your children's ears and let me say a bad word. Television. All
right, now that we have introduced what all "good parents" surely believe
is an obscenity, let us move on to the controversy of the day. Are TV-
watching habits largely genetically predetermined?s of the North American
media twice in the past eight months. The reports of this study invariably
made reference to having an explanation for why some children are "hooked
on TV" or become "couch potatoes."

In fact, an equally valid argument can be made that the study helps
explain a greater anomaly - that is, when faced with probably the most
attractive medium ever devised by the human mind, how some aberrant folks
still manage to marginalize themselves to bird-watching or reading.

That we don't make this connection says acres and alps about how
intrinsically TV-phobic our TV-obsessed society is.

To understand how either conclusion can be drawn from the data, we must
address the first obvious question: How the heck can anyone ever sort out
TV nurture from TV nature?

This requires a foray into experimental design. Robin Corley of the
University of Colorado and Robert Plomin of Pennsylvania State University
and their associates interviewed about 220 birth mothers and about 45
birth fathers shortly before their babies were given up for adoption. One
of the questions asked was how much television these people watched.

When the infants were one year old, the researchers interviewed the
adoptive parents and a control group of biological parents with similarly
aged children. Both were asked the same television-viewing question. Then,
starting when the children were 3 and as part of a larger study of the
development of adopted children, both groups of mothers were asked how
much and what type of television their children watched.

If they also had birth children, they were asked how much television
these children watched.

An equally valid argument can be made that the study helps explain why,
when faced with the most attractive medium ever devised, some folks still
marginalize themselves to reading The researchers then compared the one-
time survey of all - biological, adoptive, control group - parents' TV
watching with the yearly variations in their children's habits. The
statistical patterns that emerged can only be described as mucho confuso.

Only one relationship seemed consistent. There was a roughly 30-per-
cent correlation between the TV-viewing habits of the control-group
mothers (that is natural mothers raising their natural children) and their
kids.

For other groups, the correlation between a parent's viewing behaviour
and the time their kids spent in front of a TV bounced about like channels
whose remote control box has gone berserk.

For example, when children were sampled at the age of 3, the TV-
watching habits of adopted infants had a slightly inverse relationship to
those of their birth mothers; that is, women who watched a lot of
television had apparently given birth to children who watched very little,
and women who watched a small amount had given birth to children who
watched a lot.

The natural fathers (admittedly, a small sample) showed a positive
correlation. Yet it makes no biological sense to suppose that the birth
fathers carry TV or anti-TV genes (whatever those might be) while birth
mothers don't.

When the children were 5 - and with the exception of the anomalous
natural mothers raising their own kids - the same low correlation between
parents' and children's viewing habits, between 11 and 16 per cent, was
noted in all categories.

When the children were 7, the viewing patterns of adopted children and
their biological mothers again showed a small inverse relationship.

Finally, there did appear to be a greater likelihood that biological
brothers and sisters were more likely to watch similar amounts of TV than
adopted children and their new siblings. But that difference declined as
the kids grew older.

What does all this statistical hash mean? Nothing you would easily
observe watching the test groups either sprawled in front of their
televisions or assiduously ignoring their sets. On average, whether
adopted or not, children watched just about the same amount: two hours and
a bit a day.

It is also clear that many important questions were not addressed. Did
parents change their viewing habits as their kids got older? Did some
families formulate different TV-watching regimes between adopted kids and
natural kids?

Nonetheless, the paper's authors do believe that they have demonstrated
some genetic component to TV-watching patterns. When pushed, Dr. Corley
says the parents' direct genetic contribution to their children's TV
habits is only about 10 per cent.

In turn, 20 per cent of the variation can be explained by family
environmental influences. The remainder, a whopping 70 per cent, is
accounted for by "measurement error" - for example, adoptive parents who
don't think it sounds good to report too much TV watching, or an
unpredictable yearly flip-flop in the children's viewing habits - and
"non-shared environmental influences." This refers to the effect on TV
watching of friends, schooling, sicknesses and so on.

The upshot? All headlines to the contrary, overwhelmingly, dear Brutus,
the fault is in our tastes and not our genes when we watch The National
and The Dating Game and endless reruns of Star Trek. But dollars to
doughnuts, in six months someone else is going to blame genetics for couch
potatoes.

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1991 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              69 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                 Early Edition

Testing idea of scrapping high-stress examinations; Educational reformers seek
to give more weight to daily school work

BYLINE: JOSEPH BREAN, National Post

SECTION: CONTEXT; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 1467 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of last-ditch, high-stress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: the possible cancellation of this year's big
tests.

That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to bump up
final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests at the
leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary schools
- the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed offas an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," said Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized high-school exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following,
with a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view
high-stress exams give a false picture of a student's abilities.

In the United States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the
grounds there are "too many tests." Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are
making similar moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at
specialist public high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that
favours students who can afford to hire tutors. And U.S. law schools are looking
at ways to reduce increasing failures in bar admissions exams, in some cases
letting students skip them entirely.

Driven by recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and
attention, the target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled
- is not the pop quiz or the end-of-chapter recap test, but the high-stakes,
allor-nothing, pencil-chewing, hairtwisting final exam.

Even China, the cultural wellspring of the tiger mother, is trying to lessen
student workloads. In India, which like other Asian countries still generally
hews to the model of do-or-die exams and where parents were photographed last
month scaling the wall of a school to slip cheat sheets to their children taking
an exam inside, Prime Minister Narendra Modi recently felt compelled to tell
highschool students these exams "are not the end of your life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way. "It is difficult to communicate the
pain, suffering and misery suffered by high-test-anxious subjects before,
during, and after major evaluative experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an
education professor at University of Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test
Anxiety. It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and
schools were revamped under progressive ideologies. But where teachers and
parents might once have emphasized preparation to overcome exam anxiety, now the
goal is to alleviate distress as much as possible by cutting exams or
downplaying their importance.

Critics decry this apparent Montessorification of higher education. They argue
ditching exams simply coddles immature students who would benefit from a bit of
temporary pressure to prepare for the real world.

"Sometimes I wonder who they are trying to make it easier on," said Doretta
Wilson, executive director of the Society for Quality Education, an advocacy
group that opposes the "fads" of "progressivism" in teaching strategies.

She said the anti-exam ideology grew out of the "self-esteem" movement in
education, in which failure is to be avoided at all costs, even when it is
deserved.

"We are now reaping the consequences of that emphasis," she said. "We've not
trained our kids to deal with that kind of stress ...

We've done a generation of kids a disservice by giving them so much self-esteem
that they can't deal with failure."

Once a place for elite competition among the best and brightest, university
education now resembles inner-tube water polo, where the emphasis is on
participation and everybody gets a medal, said Ken Coates, Canada research chair
in regional innovation at the University of Saskatchewan and co-author of Campus
Confidential, which criticizes declining university standards.

"Employers used to know that if you graduated university, then you had achieved
certain things," he said. Allowing students to skip exams is "taking away a key
element of a university degree. People have forgotten at great detriment that
the writing of a test is a valuable skill in its own right."

There is evidence, however, the slow death of exams is not simply a sympathetic
response to quivering students, but to new science around cognition, which
suggests the traditional high-stress, all-ornothing final exam under gymnasium
floodlights may not be an accurate measure of learning. "There is a time and a
place for diagnostics, but a sole reliance on them does not seem wise to me,"
said Sian Beilock, a neuroscientist who heads the Human Performance Lab at the
University of Chicago and researches cognitive performance under pressure.

Stressful exams "rob us of our limited ability to pay attention to what we need
to," she said. It is comparable to why driving and talking on a cellphone is so
bad; the worries associated with performance under pressure "soak up the
resources that we could be using to focus on a test."

This is not an entirely novel idea. "Test anxiety. The very words reverberate in
people's innermost beings," Wilbert J. McKeachie, a former president of the
American Psychological Association, wrote more than 20 years ago.

In the earliest recorded scientific investigation of the phenomenon, in 1914,
one in five U.S. medical students was shown to have higher sugar content in
their urine after a big exam. It suggested something unusual was happening in
their bodies, although no one quite knew what it was.

The intervening decades have clarified that physiological picture. Broadly, the
idea is that exams are threatening situations, and some people respond with
anxiety, manifested in heart palpitations, sweating, twitching and dry mouth. To
measure this objectively, researchers have taken spit samples before and after
students write exams; their level of anxiety can be seen in the presence of
cortisol in their saliva, a stress hormone and an indicator of arousal.

Darwinists will recognize this as the evolved adaptive response to danger.
Freudians will recognize anxiety that verges on the neurotic, a response out of
proportion to the threat. Less obvious is that the people who thrive under the
pressure of exams and those who collapse under the stress are often showing the
exact same physiological response. Just as "fight or flight" are flip sides of
the same reaction, so, too, are succeed or choke. Increased heart rate, for
example, can feel like panic, but it also means better oxygen supply to muscles
and the brain.

Writing an exam is like doing homework professionally. Students who have learned
in their bedrooms, or at the kitchen table, or under the devoted tutelage of a
patient teacher, suddenly have to dress up, show up and perform under pressure.
As such, it is a preview of adult life for people who are not yet adults.

"Ironically, those most likely to fail in demanding situations are those who, in
the absence of pressure, have the greatest capacity for success," Beilock said
in a research paper, Math Performance In Stressful Situations, published in 2008
in Current Directions in Psychological Science.

This is why she advocates a technique of "reappraising arousal" in the context
of examination, to think of stressful feelings as part of success, rather than
failure. It is similar to Shanker's idea of selfregulation, according to which
students should still be tested, but must also learn to "effectively and
efficiently cope with stress and then recover from that effort."

"If the recovery is constrained, then the kid can't think well, can't write
well," he said. The proper response to this problem is not to tell students to
suck it up, but to rethink how exams are given in the first place. Or whether to
give them at all.

Psychologists have a quip about IQ tests - the only thing they measure is your
ability to do IQ tests. They are not, as they purport to be, an objective
measure of intelligence, like the air temperature of a room. Rather, they are
variable, and vulnerable to luck and circumstance, like the score of a hockey
game.

Exams are the same. They are cruel in their way, in their pose as objective
measures of a student's worth. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BEN NELMS, THE WINDSOR STAR; Ontario students write one of the many
exams required to complete the International baccalaureate program.; FRED
DUFOUR, AFP, GETTY IMAGES FILES;  Students take their high school graduation
exam in Paris. For all the energy and attention they demand, some educators are
pushing to marginalize exams, calling them an affront to human nature and
dignity.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Montreal Gazette
                              All Rights Reserved


                              70 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            Lowell Sun (Lowell, MA)

                           February 4, 2006 Saturday

Palestine's Hamas government: Old radicalism or new pragmatism?

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 745 words


Hamas versus Fatah in Palestine illustrates a political dilemma all too common
in the developing world: a choice between rule by corrupt autocrats or violent
revolt led by religious or ethnic zealots promising glory and utopia.

But is this really a choice? Afghanistan buckled and broke after the Soviet
invasion and a decade of chaotic war. Taliban religious zealots offered an end
to conflict and corruption. Of course, in short order, the entire Taliban
government became a creature of violence, intimidation, graft and theft -- in
other words, heinously autocratic and corrupt.

That's the track even the zealots follow: Once they are the government wielding
power, and if that power is unchecked, unchallenged and unpoliced, corruption
inevitably follows. The revolutionary promises of sectarian or egalitarian
utopia, recovered tribal glory or national resurrection then become propaganda
tropes masking "the gang in control."

Democracy may not be a perfect defense against the Mafia --obviously, it is not.
American mobsters exist. They intimidate judges in New Jersey, own aldermen in
Chicago and slide cash to congressmen via K Street. Democracies, however, tend
to marginalize gangsters, in the same way they tend to marginalize political
extremists. With checks and balances like the rule of law, the free press and
electoral politics, Al Capones and Jack Abramoffs end up in jail. Even a
president can lose his law license for "misleading" a federal judge.

Democracy is no perfect defense against religious and ethnic terrorists, either.
Hamas won an election, soundly drubbing secular Fatah.

Democracy is flawed --the other choices, however, are fatal.

In an interview on Jan. 30, Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice rejected the
idea that Hamas' victory would lead the United States to renege on its
commitment to democracy in the Middle East.

"What is the alternative to believing in democracy so that people can express
themselves?" Rice replied. "The alternative is to say that they shouldn't have
the right to express themselves. The alternative is to say that it is better
that the people of the Middle East continue to have no say in who will govern
them, continue to have no say in how their interests are going to be
represented."

She added this caveat: "... those who win elections have an obligation to govern
democratically, and I hope the people who elected -- who elect governments will
hold them to the obligation to govern democratically. That means that the same
people who have used the open political system to come to power have to keep the
system open to opposition to their views and to their ideas."

Rice went on to express her belief that this is an "evolutionary" period, and
pointed out that in Iraq and Afghanistan the United States is dealing with
Islamic groups that are "democratic in their orientation."

Can Hamas evolve?

Hamas assumes power with a political platform that includes the destruction of
Israel. "Insurgent Hamas" could freely criticize Fatah and promise the "utopian"
destruction of Israel. "Government Hamas," however, must put up or shut up.
Here's a guarantee: Israel's destruction is a campaign promise Hamas cannot
fulfill. That places Hamas in a political and ideological vise. If Hamas
stalwarts attempt to destroy Israel, the Israelis will beat them and beat them
badly. Israel may even have Fatah as an ally.

This is why some Israelis see Hamas' victory as a positive development. "I think
it is the best chance for peace," a resident of Haifa told The New York Times.
"I think Hamas can understand there is no way to destroy the state of Israel and
will take a course to peace."

Optimists argue the responsibility of governing, the reality of Israel and
competition from Fatah will force Hamas to drop the old radicalism in favor of a
new, productive pragmatism.

Hamas also promised to perform the quotidian duties Fatah's wardheelers often
failed to do -- like fix the potholes. However, that takes money. International
donors are demanding Hamas reject violence and support the "two state solution."

Genuinely addressing transportation and water issues also entails cooperating
with Israel.

The choices are stark. Violent rhetoric or flush toilets? Suicide bombs or water
district bonds? Democratic revitalization or relapse to terrorist tyranny?
"Government Hamas" must decide -- and quickly.

Austin Bay is a syndicated columnist with Creators Syndicate Inc.

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              71 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Capital Times (Madison, Wisconsin)

                           November 8, 2006 Wednesday
                                  ALL EDITION

IT'S STUNNING TO SEE STATE VOTERS MARGINALIZE MY VERY EXISTENCE

BYLINE: Mark Gates

SECTION: EDITORIAL; GUEST COLUMN; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 546 words


Let's make one thing absolutely clear: I am not, have never been, a one-issue
voter.

Those voters described in polls as "undecided" always give me great pause for
thought. Undecided? How could anyone be undecided about Iraq or health care
costs or soaring compensation for CEOs, to name a few. I suppose I could fall in
that category when grappling for solutions to the global economy or the genocide
in Darfur, but even in these instances, I am not without opinions.

I certainly had a definite opinion on the amendment to the state constitution on
gay marriage and, although polls suggested otherwise, still had hopes that
Wisconsin (not Arizona) would be the first state not to dignify such a red
herring with approval when so many other pressing issues were on the table.

There was no shortage of interesting races across the country in this election,
and I sat down to watch the results just after 8 p.m. I was stunned to see The
Associated Press call the gay marriage amendment passed even before an hour of
talking head coverage.

As a 54-year-old gay male, I took it personally and was surprised by such a
visceral reaction. Suddenly lacking desire to watch any of the other returns I
had been so eagerly anticipating, I did what any sensible person would do after
discovering a majority of their fellow citizens had voted to marginalize their
existence: I went to bed and pulled the covers over my head.

For me, as an employed white male, gratefully living a privileged life, this
kind of approbation really takes the wind out of my sails. I mean, you get a bit
indignant. It wasn't even a close vote.

Who voted against me, I wondered. Was it that guy at the car wash who always
greeted me with a smile? Surely not the post office clerk with whom I always
commiserate about her long commute to work? Had the dog walker I spoke with the
other day while out getting the paper secretly been giving me the fish eye?
Which of my neighbors were capable of such perfidy? How could they do this to
me?

Truthfully, I had no illusions about walking down the aisle anytime soon. I knew
marriage would likely remain illegal in Wisconsin for the likes of me for many
years to come and, honestly, I'm a bit long in the tooth for the kind of wedding
my niece just had anyway. After living nearly 25 years with my partner, wouldn't
such a ceremony be redundant in any case? Secretly, I had harbored the hope that
civil unions, offering some protection from onerous estate taxes eating away our
life savings, might come before we were both dead.

I remember fuming when a similar law was passed in Ohio. "What's wrong with
those people?" I asked my friends. I thought all gay Ohio residents should pick
up stakes and move, en masse, to a state more welcoming. Why pay taxes to a
state refusing to grant you full citizenship? I huffed and puffed, asserting to
all that the for sale sign would be in my yard the day after the election if
such a thing happened here.

* A colleague of mine, fond of reciting poetry when deep in his cups after
company meetings, would always end the evening telling his companions that the
secret of life is knowing that we all want to be loved. I knew there was truth
in what he said but now I would add the wish not to be excluded.

The people have spoken. Arizona, anyone?

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Mark Gates is a book salesman and lives in the town of Middleton.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              72 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 29, 2009 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

KEEP PRESSURING THOSE LEADERS WHO TOOK RAISE

SECTION: SUNDAY OPINION; Pg. B2

LENGTH: 572 words


Thank you for your continuing reports on the legislative pay issue. It is
rewarding to notice that more and more individuals are joining the minority of
our leaders who have chosen to do the right thing during this particularly
trying time for our country and state.

Perhaps those politicians who feel comfortable with their more than generous
raise and who have already authorized an additional 2 percent raise in two years
might give some thought to whether their next bids for re-election will be
successful.

The next time I vote for these offices, the decision made by individuals in my
district will most certainly influence my choice.

- Janet R. Markwart, Verona

Tweak, then keep, state film incentives

The State Journal's March 24 editorial, "State can't afford Hollywood tax
break," hastily discounted the value of incentives for the film and video game
industry by not accounting for their economic impact on communities across
Wisconsin.

In just one year, tens of millions of dollars of revenue came into Wisconsin.
Hundreds of jobs were created here with eight feature films, 16 television
shows, three national commercials and two video game productions.

Wisconsin businesses invested millions of dollars in new industry infrastructure
in good faith, and we should continue to support that investment to the best of
our ability. To grow our state, we must encourage the growth of this promising
creative industry.

I recently circulated a proposal to make sure the incentives hit our target:
reward hiring Wisconsin workers, establish a "no millionaires" clause, close the
non-resident loophole and put responsible per-project caps on the program. These
changes drive toward the original intent of the law signed by Gov. Jim Doyle and
passed by both houses of the Legislature.

These incentives ignited new economic growth in the midst of decline in other
sectors. We cannot afford to turn dollars and jobs away at our state border.

- Rep. Tamara Grigsby, D-Milwaukee

Kathleen Falk effective at reaching consensus

Kathleen Falk has been an outstanding county executive, and returning her to
that office for another term is the clear choice for Dane County voters. Among
the many reasons for this, one not often noted is her consistent production of
balanced, intelligent, low-tax-increase budgets without rancor or delay.

Budgets, it has rightly been said, are moral documents. Year after year, working
with county boards controlled by conservatives and liberals, Kathleen Falk has
reached consensus on budgets preserving the county's excellent credit rating
while making the right moral judgments by improving needed services and making
wise land acquisitions and capital improvements.

Her opponent's history, on the other hand, is one of exploiting "wedge issues"
to create division.

Those of us who have been around Dane County for a while remember how it was
"before Falk." Annual budget time was consistently contentious and vitriolic,
leading to costly delay.

Let's not go back to that. Keep a county executive who unites to get good things
done.

-Arlen Christenson, Madison

Bishop's move will marginalize church

As a person who has long believed that organized religions do far more to keep
people apart then to bring them together for any beneficial purpose, I applaud
Bishop Morlino's handling of the Ruth Kolpack situation.

The more he can do to marginalize Catholicism and reduce it to irrelevance, the
better.

- Larry Classen, Madison

LOAD-DATE: March 31, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2009 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              73 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Wyoming Tribune-Eagle (Cheyenne)

                             August 24, 2014 Sunday

8-24 letters to the editor

BYLINE: opinion

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to Editor; Pg. 08-24 OPIN letters SUN

LENGTH: 1028 words


Headline

xxxxxxxxx

xxxxxxxxxxx

xxxxx

From Greg

Hallen

Cheyenne

The article "More crashes at roundabout, but less severe" in the Aug. 15 WTE
states that 62 accidents have occurred in the roundabout in the first seven
months of this year. A main cause of many of these accidents, I believe, is the
existence of two roundabout lanes.

In order for a driver in the inner lane to exit the roundabout, the driver has
to either first move over to the outer lane or cut across the outer lane and
exit. In either case, the driver might not see a vehicle that is behind in the
outer lane and unintentionally cut in front of the outer lane vehicle when
exiting.

This situation is almost destined to happen on a regular basis because of blind
spots to the right and rear of many vehicles can be made larger by driving
counterclockwise in a circle.

Also, an accident is more likely to happen if the vehicle in the outer lane is
traveling at a greater speed than the vehicle about to exit from the inner lane.

The solution to reducing the accident rate inside the roundabout is to eliminate
the outer lane. If done, drivers would only have to look out for vehicles in
front of them as they exit the roundabout (assuming incoming traffic yields to
vehicles already in the roundabout).

In addition, signage should be used that indicates the right lane of entry roads
be used only for making a right hand turn and that the left lane be used for
entering the roundabout.

Along with this, a short solid yellow line painted on the outside of the single
roundabout lane would prevent vehicles in the roundabout from exiting into the
right lane of an exit point and direct them to take the left lane.

This would reduce accidents and allow incoming traffic that plans on making a
right-hand turn instead of entering the roundabout to make the turn without
having to be concerned about traffic in the roundabout itself.

Headline

xxxxxxxxx

xxxxxxxxxxx

xxxxx

From Paul Ogle

Cheyenne

Depressingly, Wyoming's need for its residents' cash has come full circle this
year.

WyoLotto

, a new lottery program for Wyoming, is launching today.

Heralded and lauded as a method to provide "fun, entertainment, and a financial
investment in Wyoming's future," residents are encouraged to pursue the ever
popular large winnings that may possibly come with playing the pipe dream of
actually winning.

And thus begins the vicious cycle as then the cities and counties of Wyoming are
compliant in the idea and encourage the play of the lotto.

The media outlets mostly play into the idea of the lotto by touting the extra
income that will be brought into businesses from those that are buying the
tickets as well as the improvement of life for the winners.

The probability of winning the various lottery games is very small and in most
cases almost improbable. But the idea of a citizen's active consent in giving
away their wages, other earnings and savings to state government is too tempting
to ignore.

In fact, there are many studies that argue that a lottery is a form of
regressive tax. But this is often ignored because individuals aren't forced into
buying lottery tickets.

Looking closer into the studies will show some disparaging facts about how
lotteries affect certain groups in the economy.

Local businesses, both big and small, may also feel the effects of the lottery
as a business who chooses not to participate as a ticket seller may not receive
payment for services or products.

In conclusion, the lottery is now being conducted with legislative approval, and
the Wyoming government is now seeking to increase its coffers and is now not
only willing to encourage gambling but is willing to profit off of people's
fortunes and misfortunes.

Not only are they committing what I have listed above, they are encouraging
their own citizens to participate in a get-rich-quick scheme.

A government's job is to govern, administer and care for the freedoms and
general well-being of its residents.

With the creation of the

WyoLotto

, it may be overstepping its bounds.

Headline

xxxxxxxxx

xxxxxxxxxxx

xxxxx

From Ben Bennett

Cheyenne

It was a rare and interesting sight: a man appeared before the Laramie County
School District 1 Board of Trustees to identify problems within the district.

He spoke of thousands of dollars in annual waste, of cronyism and patronage, of
legal violations, of rampant mismanagement, and of kids flippantly placed in
jeopardy.

Two months later, he responded to an invitation by the board to

reappear,

only this time he outlined an eight-point proposal to fix the problems.

Amazingly, the board waived any inclination toward defensiveness, instead
reacting thankfully, as if troubling information were welcome because the
information would be used constructively.

This is a template for how government panels ought to behave! In fact, let me go
so far as to suggest this is a template for how Cheyenne's Downtown Development
Authority ought to behave.

I refer here to the same DDA which fails to see criticism as an opportunity to
make things better and instead reacts to such criticism by attempting to
marginalize citizen input.

Coincidentally, one of the citizens DDA consistently tries to marginalize is Tim

Bieligk

- the very man to whom I refer, who triggered the movement within LCSD1
leadership by

speaking

so eloquently before its Board of Trustees.

It was Mr.

Bieligk who challenged DDA on its abuse of open records statutes and won. It was
Mr.

Bieligk

who caught DDA misusing its "executive session" authority, prompting reluctant
future compliance.

It was Mr.

Bieligk

who identified DDA contract mismanagement, thereby nudging the hapless authority
into traceable fulfillment of its obligations.

Yet it is the same Mr.

Bieligk

who endures constant attempts to keep him quiet and, just as appreciably, to
discount his drumbeat efforts to stimulate creative solutions to the problems
besetting downtown.

Let me speculate that Mr.

Bieligk's

habit of reliably exposing DDA's "good ole boy" conflicts of interest has a lot
to do with these pitiful attempts to marginalize him.

Regardless, DDA would be wise to follow the LCSD1 board's example by honoring
and respecting citizen input, even when the input is critical of public servant
behavior.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2014 Cheyenne Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              74 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            April 30, 2015 Thursday
                                Ontario Edition

PEN AMERICAN AWARD;
Charlie Hebdo's right to offend

BYLINE: PHILIP SLAYTON, TASLEEM THAWAR

SECTION: COMMENT; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 590 words


On May 5, PEN American Center will honour the satirical magazine Charlie Hebdo
with its 2015 PEN/Toni and James C. Goodale Freedom of Expression Courage Award.
Six writers, including Michael Ondaatje and Francine Prose, who had previously
agreed to host tables at the annual PEN Gala in New York, have now withdrawn
from the event where the award will be presented, raising questions about
whether awarding the magazine a prize is an endorsement of work that some find
intolerant and offensive and could contribute to the further marginalization of
already disenfranchised groups.

In the immediate aftermath of the January attack, PEN Canada joined PEN
International, PEN American Center and other PEN centres in releasing statements
of solidarity with Charlie Hebdo, stating unequivocally that freedom of speech
includes the freedom to offend; no one should be killed for drawing a picture.

Putting aside questions of whether or not the cartoons themselves were laudable,
Charlie Hebdo's work brought a legitimate question into the public eye: Are we
living in societies where a few individuals, operating without regard for the
law, can chill free speech by dictating which ideas are permissible and which
will attract violent retribution?

Of course, this reality is the norm in many parts of the world, and it is one
that PEN actively seeks to change. Journalists covering sensitive issues are
murdered in many countries, including Mexico, Honduras and, recently,
Bangladesh. In India earlier this year, fiction writer Perumal Murugan declared
that he would stop writing in response to harassment by religious groups. PEN
centres everywhere routinely recognize writers, like these, whose work puts
their lives in danger. So why has PEN American Center's decision to honour
Charlie Hebdo provoked such controversy?

Clearly, Charlie Hebdo's right to publish should be defended.

But does an obligation to defend something entail an obligation to celebrate it?
We often recognize and celebrate writers who are silenced by the state or other
powerful groups - still the primary threats to free speech around the world. And
PEN has always been committed, as stated in the PEN charter, to dispelling race,
class and national hatreds. This is why celebrating Charlie Hebdo is
complicated.

While Charlie Hebdo journalists were victims of a horrific attack on free
expression, there are good arguments that regardless of their intentions, their
work can be used to promote hate and further marginalize an already
disenfranchised community.

The same argument holds true for PEN American Center's impending celebration of
Charlie Hebdo. Certainly Charlie Hebdo was courageous in continuing to publish
despite threats and, indeed, the murders of its journalists. In awarding this
prize, PEN American clearly distinguishes between agreeing with Charlie Hebdo's
message, and applauding their bravery. But, as the six writers who are
boycotting the PEN Gala are aware, despite intentions, the PEN award may very
well be perceived as an endorsement of a magazine that continues to lampoon a
disempowered group with scathing and provocative cartoons, and used to bolster
the arguments of those who seek to further marginalize them. No organization can
expect unwavering support from within its ranks when it makes difficult choices
on sensitive matters. PEN represents writers with widely differing viewpoints -
it has always embraced controversy and encouraged dissent.

Philip Slayton is president of PEN Canada. Tasleem Thawar is PEN Canada's
executive director.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2015 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              75 of 999 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

SECTION: Pg. 24

LENGTH: 1549  words

Racing

Mackay

Track: Good (3)

Race 1 - AUTOCORNER MDN HCP 1050m: 3.80 PALEO (br g 3y Salt Lake City (USA) -
Isis River. Trainer: T Button) 57.5 (Ms T Bannon) 1, 3.00 CHARGALUCCA 56.5 (S
Watkin) 2, 2.80 fav MARGINALIZE 55.5 (A Coome) 3. Others: 10.00 It's Luna Ci
11.00 Craiglea Midget 10.00 Barely There 9.00 Mishani Trader 11.00 Sheza Delika
Ci last. 31.00 Rocket Rosielee failed to finish. Scr: Just A Fraction, Caught
Switching, She's The Goods, Craiglea Opal. 1-1/4 len, len. 1:02.28. (Last 600m
35.18). TAB Nos: 3 Paleo $4.40 $1.50 5 Chargalucca $1.50 9 Marginalize $1.40. Q:
$6.00. E: $16.00. T: $29.60. A2: 3-5: $2.10, 3-9: $3.60, 5-9: $2.40. FIRST 4: (3
5 9 1) $198.40. Scr: 10,11,12,13.

Race 2 - FERGUS BUILDERS MDN PLATE 1200m: 4.00 BOLTS'N'HOLTS (ch g 5y Zaha (CAN)
- Sea Sprite. Trainer: T Button) 57.5 (C Spry) 1, 1.60 fav MOSSIMO 57 (Ms T
Bannon) 2, 4.00 WELL HELLO DOLLY 55.5 (M Usher) 3. Others: 10.00 Barbouge 8.00
Rocket Of Ransom 11.00 Moxie Doll 21.00 Spring Bounty 9.00 Buckanara 11.00 King
Euri last. All started. Sht hd, sht hd. 1:12.59. (Last 600m 35.60). TAB Nos: 2
Bolts'n'holts $8.50 $1.70 5 Mossimo $1.20 7 Well Hello Dolly $2.30. Q: $5.10. E:
$25.70. T: $78.00. A2: 2-5: $2.40, 2-7: $5.80, 5-7: $8.90. FIRST 4: (2 5 7 1)
$1,227.60. All Started.

Race 3 - HILLROSS MACKAY 2YO PLATE 1200m: 3.00 CRAIGLEA PLATINUM (gr/br g 2y
Longhorn - Platinum Hussy. Trainer: Krystle Johnston) 57 (A Coome) 1, 6.00
LITTLE WHITE DOVE 55 (Sairyn Fawke) 2, 2.00 fav CYCLONE KAN 57 (Ms T Bannon) 3.
Others: 3.50 Quick Assault 10.00 Do Us Proud 41.00 Jordans Jet 31.00 Yours
Truthfully last. Scr: Executed, Craiglea Ivy. Nk, hd. 1:11.57. (Last 600m
35.19). TAB Nos: 3 Craiglea Platinum $2.80 $1.70 7 Little White Dove $3.20 4
Cyclone Kan NTD. Q: $9.10. E: $11.30. T: $29.60. FIRST 4: (3 7 4 1) $43.00. Scr:
2,8.

Race 4 - HEED BUSINESS DESIGN (BM70) 1050m: 5.00 TAN TAT ALPHA (b g 5y Elvstroem
- Tan Tat Star. Trainer: D J Durand) 55 (Ms T Bannon) 1, 4.60 LIBERTY TYCOON 62
cd 60 (Sairyn Fawke) 2, 2.00 fav PYGMY HUNTER 58 (Ms T O'Hara) 3. Others: 11.00
We Will Rock 10.00 Brother Bob 10.00 Nate 11.00 Excapishe 3.00 Delzera last. All
started. 3 len, nse. 1:01.18. (Last 600m 34.98). TAB Nos: 7 Tan Tat Alpha $6.20
$2.10 1 Liberty Tycoon $1.50 3 Pygmy Hunter $1.50. Q: $23.30. E: $53.00. T:
$129.90. A2: 1-7: $5.90, 3-7: $4.50, 1-3: $2.30. FIRST 4: (7 1 3 4) $443.60. All
Started.

Race 5 - WES MACKAY HCP (C3) 1200m: 2.40 fav SHADOWOFYOURSMILE (b f 3y Dane
Shadow - Leander Hall. Trainer: G Philpot) 59 (A Coome) 1, 6.00 KINGS ROAD 57 cd
55 (Sairyn Fawke) 2, 10.00 STAR TRUCE 55 (J Felix) 3. Others: 3.60 Vermithrax
17.00 Faded 4.60 Light Dreamer 17.00 Wrong Number 7.00 Haitchque last. Scr:
Simon Bon Rocket, Skalatonic, Oprah, Allover. Scratched at barrier: Dichotomy
(6.00). Prices shown are subject to a deduction of 4c win and 7c place. Len, 1/2
hd. 1:10.9. (Last 600m 36.01). TAB Nos: 2 Shadowofyoursmile $2.10 $1.30 6 Kings
Road $2.30 9 Star Truce $2.80. Q: $8.90. E: $19.50. T: $58.40. A2: 2-6: $7.70,
2-9: $23.20, 6-9: $9.10. FIRST 4: (2 6 9 3) $145.40. Scr: 5L,7L,11,12,13.

Race 6 - CANELAND CENTRAL (BM60) 1560m: 3.30 fav WEATHERVANE (br g 4y Commands -
Anemometer (GB). Trainer: C E Smith) 60.5 (Ms T Bannon) 1, 7.00 SAVASHA 58.5 cd
55.5 (Ms K Aho) 2, 4.00 MISHANI ACE 60 (A Coome) 3. Others: 7.00 Reasonabeel
4.00 Bluey's Escape 12.00 Joph La Hae 9.00 Sleep On It 51.00 Chair As Well last.
Scr: Brave Palatinsk. 1/2 len, 1-1/4 len. 1:34.47. (Last 600m 35.83). TAB Nos: 1
Weathervane $3.10 $1.60 4 Savasha $1.30 2 Mishani Ace $1.40. Q: $9.40. E:
$19.70. T: $46.40. A2: 1-4: $3.60, 1-2: $2.10, 2-4: $3.20. FIRST 4: (1 4 2 6)
$184.40. Scr: 7.

DAILY DOUBLE: 2 Shadowofyoursmile 1 Weathervane $6.50. Subs: 2,1.EXTRA DOUBLE: 3
Paleo 2 Bolts'n'holts $46.90. Subs: 5,5.TREBLE: 7 Tan Tat Alpha 2
Shadowofyoursmile 1 Weathervane $102.20. Subs: 3,2,1.QUADDIE: 3 Craiglea
Platinum 7 Tan Tat Alpha 2 Shadowofyoursmile 1 Weathervane $141.60. Subs:
4,3,2,1.

Lawn bowls

MACKAY LADIES

WEDNESDAY 7-5-14 AND 14-5-14 All Pennant players to attend club on both the
above dates for Pennant team practice. Starting at 1PM. There will be NO Club
Competition on these days. Please make every effort to attend for these practice
days. If you are unable to attend please advise Marg. Perry or put your name on
sheet on ladies board.

Table setting 7-5-14: V. Vella/L. Silman. Social selecting: S. Chestermaster/C.
Corbett.

NORTHERN BEACHES

Wednesday social.Winners: Mick Terrell, Terry Harris / Runner Up's: Brian
Perrin, Pete Fisher / Lucky Door: BigTed Roach, Albert Fittler / $100 Raffle:
(No. 52) Rod Legge / Club comp B singles: R. Legge def E. Tunna. Good bowls
everyone.

MARIAN LADIES

1pm Start Play - Sub or Forfeit

Championship Fours

S. Austin, B. Borg, V. Saunders, P. Ritchie v D. Fry, J. Miller, L. Jackson, G.
O'Shea.

Championship Pairs

C. Pratt, L. Hamilton v J. Kay, J. Eaton

Rinks available for Social Bowls

Results of 30th April 2014

Championship Fours

D. Fry, K. Moohin (Sub), J. Miller, G. O'Shea Def C. Tickle (Sub), J. Kay, F.
Erickson, G. Harberger

Championship Pairs

A.Evans, R. Lenahan def M. Connors (sub) P. Ritchie

Championship Singles

B. Leask def B. Borg

SUBURBAN

South Suburban Div 3 teams to play Sarina in the catch up game of Pennants round
2 played at Sarina on Sunday 4-05-14 at 9.00 am.

Teams are; (Team 1 Glen Francy, Lou Cameron, Alex Cowan, Les Newton) (Team 2 Ray
Steen, John Palmer, John Helenius, Peter Ruddel) ( Team 3 Gary Peterson, Alan
Cooney, Vaurn McCall,. Steve Mulcahy)

All players to meet at South Suburban Bowls Club by 8.10 am Sunday 4-05-14.

SEAFORTH LADIES

Competition Draw for Wed. 7th. May Play Sub or Fofeit 1pm. start.

Senior Singles N. Nicolai V J. Blackburn. W. Townsend V S. Wesche.

Markers L. Tait, T. Heckel.

Results from 30th. April. C'Sship Pairs L. Ford, J. Blackburn def E. Brondello,
M. Bourke.

Under 65's (Final) L. Tait def W. Townsend

Consistency Singles N. Nicolai def T. Heckel.

Names accepted for our 1 Day Carnival held on the 20th. May.

Rinks available for Social Bowls on the 7th. May.

PIONEER VALLEY LADIES

Monthly meeting Thursday 8th May 9.30 am sharp.

Draw for Thursday 8th May Play sub or forfeit

Club Ch. Fours R/R G.Sam L. Morrow B. Markey H. Pietzner v M. Head R. Argent
T.Johnston T. Parsons

Result of games played 1st May

Club Ch. Singles L. Morrow d J. Grace

Club CH. Fours G. Sam L. Morrow B. Markey H. Pietzner d P. Smith ( sub) M.
Norgate J. Grace S. Zarb

SOUTHS SUBURBAN LADIES

Competition Draw for Thursday 8th May

1;00pm

Triples: B Dawes, S Wesche, G Newton V A Putland, J Frank, M Clancy.

2 Bowl Triples: D Blackburn, C Wilson, R McDermott V N Stafford, M Gibson, B
Clanfield.

Results for Competition played on 1st May

Championship Singles- R Meng def A Putland ,L Coad def F Keft.

B Singles -M Olsen def M Stockton. Consistancy Singles - M Richardson def D
Hope..Championship Pairs - J Rodgers, D MacKelvie def M Stockton ,J Hyam, F
Keft, L Coad def L Leyshon, S O'Brien, B Dawes (sub), N Cowan def M Gibson, M
Olsen, R Meng, D Walsh def J Peterson, B Peterson.

Lovely to see so many visitors join us for afternoon tea. Good luck to the
District side going away next week to Brisbane.

MACKAY CITY LADIES

Competition for 7th May

9am Start: B Singles A Knight v L Deering.Marker

D Field

1pm Start: Open Singles, M May v Winner of Turchet/Cameron game Loser to mark.

B Grade Singles.J Dark v M Fredericksen Marker D Field. Final Open Triples

Results: Open Singles,M Cameron def P Turchet

Open Triples. R Beale,B Mau,S Crowley def J Dark, K White, B White. A Hansen, F
Kerr, F Petterson def M Atkins, C Ross, C Cocking. Open Pairs, S Dooley,C Hall
def V Shandiman, N Farrell.

SARINA

Ladies B Grade Final , Rita Hughes def Chris Smith.

Mens Consistency, Neil McWaters def Ross Leeson,

Mens Senior Singles, John Kerr def Ian Henshaw,

Mens B Singles, Greg Hughes def Lyle Smith, Sam Campion def Wayne Reed.

Mens B Pairs, Hans AhChee & Lyle Smith def Col Gleeson & John Way.

Bridge

 Results of the Mackay Contract Bridge Club.

Saturday 26th. April

Event: 7 Table Mitchell

N/S 1st. Susan Wright / Patricia Garner 2nd.=Anne Hird / Antonia Tarradas
2nd.=Joyce Deguara / Julie O'Neill

E/W 1st. Terry Sheedy / Bessie Baldry 2nd. John Martin / Nancy Martin 3rd. Marie
McGuire / Gabrielle Dreghorn

Monday 28th. April

Event: 10 Pair Howell 1st. Heather Tuck / Robert Stanton 2nd. Terry Sheedy /
Fran Limmage 3rd. Bessie Baldry / Janine Rodgers 4th. Nes Knapman /Josie Crowley
5th. Freda Hadwen / Del Ryan

Tuesday 29th. April

Event: 7 Pair Howell 1st. Geoffrey Patterson / Terry Sheedy 2nd. Heather Tuck /
Reay Tuck 3rd. Janelle Conroy / Eric Leivesley

Wednesday 30th. April

Event: 6 Table Mitchell

N/S 1st. Janet Hansen / Del Ryan 2nd. Freda Hadwen / Eric Baker 3rd. Joy
Robinson / Robert Carless

E/W 1st. Geoff Taylor / Gwenneth Liddell 2nd. Josie Crowley / Barbara Tait 3rd.
Janelle Conroy / Eric Leivesley

Thursday 1st. May

Event: 11 Pair Howell 1st. Bessie Baldry / Eric Leivesley 2nd. Janine Rodgers /
Janelle Conroy 3rd. Faye Wright / Marilin Robins 4th. Heather Tuck / Robert
Stanton 5th. Pam Ford / Reay Tuck

Friday 2nd. May

Event: 9 Table Mitchell 1st. Frances Brown / Alan Brown 2nd. Marie McGuire/ Jan
Scott 3rd. Myrtle Bowling/ John Martin 4th. Joyce Deguara / Anne Hird

E/W 1st. Joy Robinson / Bessie Baldry 2nd. Nancy Martin / Kath Poole 3rd. Fran
Limmage / Julie O'Neill 4th. Cath Willis / Don Poole

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              76 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Thomasville Times-Enterprise (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             August 9, 2009 Sunday

OPINION: Letter to the editor: Freedom Line, citizens meetings worthless efforts

BYLINE: Quoting from a loosely defined ?news? article in Friday'S paper:,
Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 560 words


Aug. 9--Quoting from a loosely defined "news" article in Friday's paper:

"Kim Weckwert, organizer of a series of growing Friday protests in front of Rep.
Sanford Bishop's Thomasville office, takes exception to the name-calling. She is
disappointed that many Democrats are attempting to marginalize citizen concerns
about the cost of Obama's plan."

In my opinion it's not necessary for anyone to marginalize concerns when
everyone realizes the protesters have nothing better to do than stand on the
sidewalk waving a sign no one sees. Some of us have to work for a living.
They've shown up outside a probably empty office to stage a protest no one is
listening to. Three hundred signatures on a petition represent fewer people than
show up for lunch at most fast-food restaurants any day of the week. She could
probably get more recognition if she staged her protest at McDonald's and more
signatures if she circulated her petition at Burger King. The "doom and gloom"
conservatives want nothing more than to be able to shout down and protest out of
existence anyone and anything that reminds them that they actually lost the
election last November. That really doesn't work for them anymore.

Health care is the issue of the day. Once it's done, pass or fail, they will
move on to something else. Nothing is ever good enough unless their group
controls the decision making. But then, isn't that what they're protesting now?
Someone else is in control.

I'm sure there are a few "doom and gloomers" who know enough about the issues to
discuss them, but it's a lot easier to wave signs, shout down the people who do
want to discuss it and blow car horns (what's that about except a bunch of
noise?)

Conservatives and, more specifically, Republicans, are on a course to ruin if
they can't achieve some semblance of reason and civility in approaching the
issues and their opposition. Bipartisan cooperation is on the table at all
levels of government. All they have to do is participate. Instead, they want to
"control" as if they had won the 2008 elections. There were several years of the
previous administration when the GOP had control of both the legislative and the
executive branches of government. They wouldn't participate in a bipartisan way
then, either. Voters were so unhappy with that they took the legislative branch
away in 2006 and the eexecutive bbranch in 2008.

If anyone thinks a demonstration in front of an empty office on Jackson Street
or a misguided series of meetings at the auditorium is going to change that,
they're mistaken. Thomasville is and will probably remain mostly conservative,
but if the real "silent majority" would come out to vote there wouldn't be an
elected office in Georgia that would be Republican.

Voter apathy is the real problem. All this activism needs to be pointed at
inspiring the base, both Democrat and Republican, to vote at the next and every
election.

Edward Marshall

Boston

To see more of the Thomasville Times-Enterprise or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.timesenterprise.com/. Copyright (c) 2009,
Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090809-TZ-OPINION-Letter-to-the-editor-Freedom-Line-citizens-meetings-worthles
s-efforts-0809

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              77 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Thomasville Times-Enterprise (Georgia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            August 8, 2009 Saturday

OPINION: LETTER TO THE EDITOR: Freedon Line, citizens meetings worthless efforts

BYLINE: Quoting from a loosely defined ?news? article in Friday'S paper:,
Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 560 words


Aug. 8--Quoting from a loosely defined "news" article in Friday's paper:

"Kim Weckwert, organizer of a series of growing Friday protests in front of Rep.
Sanford Bishop's Thomasville office, takes exception to the name-calling. She is
disappointed that many Democrats are attempting to marginalize citizen concerns
about the cost of Obama's plan."

In my opinion it's not necessary for anyone to marginalize concerns when
everyone realizes the protesters have nothing better to do than stand on the
sidewalk waving a sign no one sees. Some of us have to work for a living.
They've shown up outside a probably empty office to stage a protest no one is
listening to. Three hundred signatures on a petition represent fewer people than
show up for lunch at most fast-food restaurants any day of the week. She could
probably get more recognition if she staged her protest at McDonald's and more
signatures if she circulated her petition at Burger King. The "doom and gloom"
conservatives want nothing more than to be able to shout down and protest out of
existence anyone and anything that reminds them that they actually lost the
election last November. That really doesn't work for them anymore.

Health care is the issue of the day. Once it's done, pass or fail, they will
move on to something else. Nothing is ever good enough unless their group
controls the decision making. But then, isn't that what they're protesting now?
Someone else is in control.

I'm sure there are a few "doom and gloomers" who know enough about the issues to
discuss them, but it's a lot easier to wave signs, shout down the people who do
want to discuss it and blow car horns (what's that about except a bunch of
noise?)

Conservatives and, more specifically, Republicans, are on a course to ruin if
they can't achieve some semblance of reason and civility in approaching the
issues and their opposition. Bipartisan cooperation is on the table at all
levels of government. All they have to do is participate. Instead, they want to
"control" as if they had won the 2008 elections. There were several years of the
previous administration when the GOP had control of both the legislative and the
executive branches of government. They wouldn't participate in a bipartisan way
then, either. Voters were so unhappy with that they took the legislative branch
away in 2006 and the eexecutive bbranch in 2008.

If anyone thinks a demonstration in front of an empty office on Jackson Street
or a misguided series of meetings at the auditorium is going to change that,
they're mistaken. Thomasville is and will probably remain mostly conservative,
but if the real "silent majority" would come out to vote there wouldn't be an
elected office in Georgia that would be Republican.

Voter apathy is the real problem. All this activism needs to be pointed at
inspiring the base, both Democrat and Republican, to vote at the next and every
election.

Edward Marshall

Boston

To see more of the Thomasville Times-Enterprise or to subscribe to the
newspaper, go to http://www.timesenterprise.com/. Copyright (c) 2009,
Thomasville Times-Enterprise, Ga. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services. For reprints, email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call
800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The
Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20090808-TZ-OPINION-LETTER-TO-THE-EDITOR-Freedon-Line-citizens-meetings-worthles
s-efforts-0808

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TZ


                                 Copyright 2009


                              78 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                          February 23, 2005 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Professor's case exposes bias

BYLINE: Robert L. Shibley

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 19A

LENGTH: 629 words


Tenure hasn't been all it's cracked up to be for University of Oklahoma
professor David Deming. Sure, he still has a job, but it wasn't enough to keep
him out of the basement.

Deming's situation is a perfect example of what's wrong with today's academic
establishment. The modern academy is too often characterized by political and
intellectual conformism and a willingness to silence people who don't just go
along to get along -- people like Deming.

OU faces a federal lawsuit for removing Deming from its geology department,
stripping him of classes, and, in a ridiculous attempt at punishment, actually
moving him to a basement office -- all while claiming to respect the principles
of tenure and academic freedom.

Deming's offense was his refusal to shut up about what he saw as bias and
cronyism in the OU geology department. OU has attacked Deming's freedoms since
early 2000, when it punished him for writing a letter to the college newspaper
that protested a column advocating gun control.

OU relented after coming under public attack from the Foundation for Individual
Rights in Education (FIRE) and after Deming threatened a lawsuit, but it
continued to unconstitutionally monitor his communication with newspapers.
Appallingly, OU even considered Deming's public opinions in his annual reviews.
In 2003, OU President David Boren promised Deming he would put a stop to that
Orwellian practice.

Yet OU's campaign against Deming merely increased in intensity. In 2003,
officials targeted Deming for accusing School of Geology officials of cronyism
for hiring a new professor who had a close business relationship with the school
director and other professors in the geology department. Public records requests
have uncovered damning evidence that administrators and alumni schemed to
marginalize and isolate Deming for his whistleblowing and political expression.

Unfortunately, OU's shameful campaign against Deming is all too typical of
today's campuses. While OU has become noteworthy for the length, intensity and
pettiness of its efforts, universities across the country have attacked
professors who don't follow the party line.

At North Carolina's Shaw University, for example, professor Gale Isaacs was
fired for authoring a letter encouraging the university's president to step down
at the end of 2002, as he had promised to do. And at Rhode Island College,
professor Lisa Church was due to be punished for refusing to censor
constitutionally protected speech -- until FIRE stepped in.

OU administrators have distinguished themselves, however, with their willingness
to express their scheming in writing. For instance, in one e-mail, Dean John
Snow of OU's College of Geosciences wrote, "Somehow I have to convince (School
of Geology Director) Roger (Slatt) that he needs to basically ignore and then
marginalize Deming. As long as we keep our I's dotted and our T's crossed, all
Deming can really do is make noise and cause a bit more paperwork. I firmly
believe Deming will finally annoy the president with his whining -- it may take
awhile but it will happen and I want to be here to watch."

Tenure is intended to protect academic freedom by ensuring that professors are
free to espouse opinions -- political and otherwise -- that might be unpopular
with bosses like Snow. Without this protection, many professors would come under
irresistible pressure to conform to a school's political perspective.

Yet both tenure and academic freedom are meaningless if a university can strip a
professor of his office and classes for his expression, as OU has done.
Oklahoma's taxpayers deserve a university where free and open debate is
encouraged, not repressed.

If Deming's lawsuit is successful, they just might get it.

Shibley is a FIRE program officer. For more information on Deming's case, visit
www.thefire.org.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OPINION

GRAPHIC: David Deming
University of Oklahoma professor is suing the university for removing him from
the geology department and moving him to a basement office.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2005 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              79 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            October 21, 2013 Monday

Reflecting on Legal Education from the Back of an Outreach Van

LENGTH: 606  words


There are many days within the walls of the law school when I've found myself
lost and questioning whether getting a legal education was the right decision.
Sometimes the distraction comes in the form of classes, meetings, debt, and
applications. Other times, the confusion results from the realization that it is
often the legal structure and lawyers themselves who serve to marginalize
communities I care about and entrench cycles of poverty and criminality.


But then some experience of deep injustice or meaningful interaction reminds me
exactly about what this fight is all about and all the passions that led me here
in the first place.
Tonight I had one of those experiences speaking to a girl no older than fifteen
from the homeless outreachvan I was volunteering with. This term, I am doing an
independent clinical placement at Rosie's Place, a homeless shelter in Boston.
Every night, Rosie's Place sends out an outreach van into the poorest areas of
Boston to hand out food, clothing, and toiletries to those living on the
streets. The women running the van also speak with individuals and let them know
about services offered by the shelter.
Tonight, I was on the van to let people know about the legal center at Rosie's
Place. I ended up spending most of the night handing out food and just listening
to people's stories. The men and women who came up to the van were incredibly
polite and thankful for the little we were giving. Once or twice I wondered what
events could have led up to a life in this condition, but I also realized that
it was not always so complex, for homelessness results for many from simply a
vengeful landlord, an underwater mortgage, a poor nightlife choice, or a
disability.
While sitting on my bus-ride back to campus, I thought hard about what access to
lawyers could do for these communities and struggled. For most, the justice
system has served as a violent and punishing structure maintaining their
marginalized societal status with seemingly endless force. Criminal records are
difficult to clean and once you live on the street some charges (like
trespassing and 'aggressive begging') are almost inevitable. Nevertheless
knowledge about available legal remedies and tools, like sealing one's criminal
record in order to gain access to public benefits, affordable housing, and
employment, could initiate the process out of a life of poverty and violence. I
also realized again that often the most significant benefit of all these
programs were the small opportunity to treat these individuals with dignity and
kindness, especially when the rest of the day society actively worked to ignore
them. This may all seem inadequate, and I myself strongly believe that as
individuals and as a society we need to commit to restructuring our institutions
in fair and equitable ways. But when that fifteen year old girl returned to the
van just to hang out and thank us for being the best thing that had happened to
her that day, I realized again just how important these simple acts could be as
well.

I write this partly as a self-reflection piece, but hopefully also to inspire
others to think about what brought them to Harvard Law. For those of us who want
to fight for social justice and social change, working through the tools
currently available in the legal system can often seem inadequate and
frustrating. But, by bringing creativity and passion to our profession, we can
think about how to use the laws that currently exist to promote justice, and
look to reform the legal and institutional structures serving to marginalize
communities we care about when traditional legal mechanisms fail.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2013 Legal Monitor Worldwide
              Provided by Syndigate.info, an Albawaba.com company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              80 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                            August 3, 2006 Thursday

Debra Saunders: Political diversity not welcome at universities

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 725 words


IMAGINE, if you can, that slightly more than half of the public voted Democratic
in the last presidential election, yet some 80 percent of higher education's
social scientists voted Republican. In that universe, you would expect the left
to demand changes in university hiring practices so that academia would nurture
greater diversity so as to better represent the American community.

Then step back into the real world, where academia has become a solid bastion of
the Left, as demonstrated by two articles in the latest issue of the scholarly
journal Critical Review. One article presents a survey of academic social
scientists that reports that 79.6 percent of 1,208 respondents said they voted
mostly Democratic over the last 10 years, with 9.3percent voting Republican.

Call that a near monopoly marketplace of ideas.

A second article studied the voter registration of California college professors
and found that the ratio of registered Democrats to Republicans (among
professors located in voting registers) is 5 to 1. Let it be noted that the
researchers made an effort to include schools reputed to be right-leaning. Some
disciplines demonstrated more orthodoxy than others - with sociology departments
showing a ratio of 44 Democrats to 1 Republican, but economics departments
employing 2.8 Democrats for each member of the GOP.

Is it bias or self-selection?

The two libertarian-leaning economics professors who conducted the California
survey, San Jose State University's Christopher R. Cardiff and George Mason
University's Daniel B. Klein, don't believe there is one quick, easy answer to
that question, although they definitely see what Cardiff described as
"subconscious bias."

"I think, partly, it is self-selection," said Klein over the phone Wednesday. He
sees "something about intellectuals and hubris and conceit" in academia - with
political scientists pumping themselves up as savvy saviors of a public sorely
in need of their enlightened views. While liberal professors often think that
they are open-minded, Klein believes that they also often think that "we're
smarter" than those outside of academia, which gives them a right to
"discriminate against people who get it wrong."

As a result, Klein asserts, an economics major might present a paper that argues
that the New Deal deepened and prolonged the Great Depression, with supporting
data, but "no matter how solid the research was, there's no way that would
impress them." In their group-think, many social scientists marginalize
heterodox thinkers.

Cardiff knows conservative professors "who are afraid to share their point of
view," lest their colleagues turn on them. "You've got this situation where
universities are professing to support intellectual freedom, academic freedom,
when in reality there's a chilling effect on actual political discussion."

Many professors see their universe as expansive and novel. Yet, Cardiff noted,
"If you're only getting one point of view, you're living in an echo chamber."
The worst of it is, the most ideologically pure professors have so isolated
themselves that, according to Cardiff, "a lot of these folks don't realize there
are other opinions out there."

The Critical Review articles bared two disturbing trends: First, left-leaning
academics are more orthodox than right-leaning academics. Klein, and Charlotta
Stern of the Institute for Social Research in Stockholm, who conducted the
social-scientist survey, polled academics about their views on where government
intervention works best. They found "almost no diversity of opinion among the
Democratic professors." Republicans - no surprise - demonstrated more
ideological diversity. GOP scholars also are more likely to work outside the
university - and that's no accident.

Second, as Klein succinctly put it, "It's going to become more lopsided in the
future." Cardiff and Klein looked at the younger ranks in academia -
tenure-track and associate profs - and found the ratio of Ds to Rs to be even
greater.

So the future could see state universities morph into today's UC Berkeley, where
Cardiff and Klein found 445 Dems to 45 Repubs. Group-think will further
marginalize any free thinkers.

If you think outside the box, you work outside the institution. That's where
academia is heading.

dsaunders@sfchronicle.com

Debra J. Saunders is a columnist at The San Francisco Chronicle.

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              81 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                         Work 4 Life Program Foundation

                       12900 Brookprinter Place Suite 800
                                Poway,  CA 92064
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
TELEPHONE: (619) 565-5792
FAX: (858) 513-1744
URL: www.w4lp.org

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   (W4LP) dedicated to assisting disabled American veterans in securing quality
employment and the many benefits of full participation in society.  W4L believes
that tens of thousands of disabled veterans could be valuable and full members
of their communities if given the opportunity for employment with good pay and
benefits. At the same time (W4LP) recognizes that many disabled veterans require
vocational, physical and/or psychological training and counseling in order to be
"employable. By bringing job opportunities and rehabilitative services for
disabled veterans, (W4LP) can bridge the gaps that currently marginalize
thousands of veterans.  The W4L service model is focused on creating employment
opportunities for disabled veterans, then working with rehabilitation, vocation
and therapeutic resources (as needed) to prepare, train and counsel disabled
veterans as they enter (or re-enter) the work force.  By bringing job
opportunities and working with rehabilitative services for disabled veterans,
Work 4 Life Program can bridge the gaps which currently marginalize thousands of
veterans.  One unique aspect to (W4LP) model is that it will own and operate the
facilities that actually employ disabled veterans. As those facilities generate
profits, (W4LP) will reinvest those profits to open additional businesses to
employ additional disabled veterans. This structure creates another unique
element of the (W4LP) model: in-house or direct contracted professional
rehabilitation, vocatio

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              82 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 22, 2006 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

Scared of Global Warming and Eager to Spread the Fright

BYLINE: By FELICIA R. LEE

SECTION: Section B; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1202 words


''I am terrified,'' Laurie David said between bites of her Cobb salad, avocados
on the side. ''I'm terrified. I'm terrified. And fear is a great motivator.''

Ms. David was talking about her fears of global warming. Not exactly an aid to
digestion, but talk of global warming is what she does, as the reigning media
queen of the issue. She has chatted about weird weather on ''The Oprah Winfrey
Show,'' recently shepherded two TV projects on the issue onto Fox News and TBS,
and is the executive producer of the global warming primer ''Too Hot Not to
Handle,'' to be broadcast on HBO today, Earth Day.

Tall, elegant and intense, Ms. David was also the guest editor of the May issue
-- ''The Green Issue'' -- of Elle magazine. (''Clean up your act with eco-chic
fashion, travel food.'') And she is a producer of ''An Inconvenient Truth,'' a
documentary film based on former Vice President Al Gore's decades of research on
global warming. The film had its premiere at the Sundance Film Festival in
January and will be in theaters in New York and Los Angeles on May 26. You might
have caught Ms. David (who seems not at all like the TV wife of her husband,
Larry David) on ''The Bold and the Beautiful,'' a soap opera. In an episode in
January she played herself, trying to talk a shipping magnate into making some
changes in his business to cut back on global-warming pollution.

''Yes, that was the low point of my life,'' Ms. David said. ''Not because of the
soap opera, but because of my hideous acting. But guess what? I got to talk
about global warming on the No. 1 soap opera in the country.''

For the near future, at least, Ms. David has resolved to stay behind the camera,
and her latest endeavor, ''Too Hot Not to Handle,'' is a sober documentary, full
of leading scientists and statistics explaining how global warming is already
upon us. If it's scary, she said, then good.

Early in ''Too Hot,'' Michael Oppenheimer, a professor of Geosciences and
International Affairs at Princeton, intones, ''We're headed toward a completely
different world than the one we're used to.''

The film provides ''a non-wonky'' explanation of what, exactly, global warming
is, Ms. David said. When you add junk into the atmosphere, blocking some of the
energy exchange between the Earth and space, it traps heat near the Earth's
surface, a Stanford scientist explains.

Besides watching scenes of hurricanes, heat waves and parched fields, viewers
learn that heat waves lasting four days or more have almost tripled in the last
50 years; that moderate rains have decreased while heavy rains have increased.
According to the film a quarter of the plant and animal species could face
extinction by the end of the century, because of global warming.

If that doesn't grab you, yet another ''Too Hot'' authority talks about the
commonplace ways global warming will be felt: leaves will change color at odd
times of the year, ski resorts won't get snow, spring geese will no longer come
in the spring.

''And by the way, you know, global warming is good for one thing: bugs and
pollen,'' Ms. David said, tucking into her salad.

''I do not want to be talking to the converted,'' she said of the film. ''We
want to talk to people who say: 'O.K., wait a second. What the heck is this and
why should I care? And you know, hey, when my kids come home, we're going to all
watch it tonight.' ''

Her own family is, of course, environmentally correct. Mr. David drives a Toyota
Prius, a so-called hybrid car (which runs on both a gas engine and an electric
motor) on ''Curb Your Enthusiasm,'' the HBO show in which he plays a
curmudgeonly comedian with a tolerant wife. The real-life Davids both drive a
Prius, too, and live in Los Angeles with their 10- and 12-year-old daughters.
She's a model-thin, sparkly 48-year-old, and Mr. David is 10 years older.

The Davids are well aware that in some quarters Ms. David is caricatured as a
celebrity do-gooder. She was infamously labeled a ''Gulfstream liberal'' in a
2004 article in The Atlantic magazine that noted that she chartered private
planes even as she pressed for improved fuel-economy standards. An article in
The Hollywood Reporter this week said that Ms. David has become ''a symbol to
some of showbiz grandstanding at its most self-righteous.''

Ms. David said she only occasionally uses a private plane and the majority of
her air travel is commercial. ''This comes from people trying to marginalize
celebrity, trying to marginalize Hollywood,'' she said of the criticism. ''It
comes from people not wanting you to be effective. Celebrities who lend their
names to causes to raise lot of money for important issues should be admired and
not marginalized and made fun of.''

She grew passionate about global warming, she explained, when her first daughter
was a baby. She felt lost and isolated after leaving a hot career of managing
comedians, and when she met some big brains with the Natural Resources Defense
Council, she recognized her calling. She now sits on the board of the council,
which is dedicated to protecting the public health and the environment.

Frances Beinecke, the council president, gives Ms. David credit for changing the
public perception of environmentalists as somewhat overwrought tree huggers and
for playing an enormous role in moving the global warming conversation ''off of
the science page and squarely into the middle of American popular culture.''

For instance, Elle magazine, which reaches a huge audience of avid consumers of
the fashionable and the trendy, is ''green'' for May. Roberta Myers, Elle's
editor in chief, approached her about being a guest editor, Ms. David said.
Vanity Fair also has a ''green issue'' for May, Ms. David noted.

''This is her great passion, she knows a lot about the environment, she's the
fulcrum for a lot of activity,'' Ms. Myers said of Ms. David. ''It was just
important to us that we get her voice.''

Ms. David started her professional life as a talent coordinator for the David
Letterman show (which is how she met Larry David) and now juggles her roles as
wife, mother and activist from a home office. She travels extensively but
generally limits her time away to three days. At 6 p.m., without fail, the whole
family eats dinner together.

''I have taken advantage of my husband, to the extent that I even got HBO to do
a documentary with me,'' she said. ''He won't even promote his own show, and I'm
like, 'Honey, ''Nightline's'' coming tomorrow, and you have to talk to them for
a couple of minutes.' He went on Oprah with me, which I begged him to do. He's
shy.''

But you don't have to be famous to help, Ms. David said. Her easy to-do list of
suggestions includes buying recycled paper products, unplugging appliances not
in use and joining a virtual march on Washington against global warming at
www.stopglobalwarming.org.

''I'm completely and totally optimistic,'' Ms. David said of the green movement,
betting that she will win new converts when ''Too Hot'' is broadcast.

Ms. David called global warming a disaster that must be halted before the crash
is too intense. ''It's better to be in a car accident at 5 miles per hour,'' she
said, ''than one at 60 miles per hour.''


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Left, Laurie David at her home. Above, a scene from the
documentary ''Too Hot Not to Handle,'' to be shown tonight on HBO. (Photo by
Misha Erwitt for The New York Times)(pg. B12)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              83 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            April 6, 2005 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

The poor get poorer: Trade liberalization only benefits wealthy countries,
leaving farmers in developing countries worse off than before

BYLINE: Anuradha Mittal and Frederic Mousseau, Featurewell

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 1051  words

DATELINE: OAKLAND, California


OAKLAND, California - A new report from the United Nations Food and Agriculture
Organization, The State of Agricultural Commodity Markets, concludes that the
last 40 years of international trade in agriculture have not benefited the
developing countries, above all the Least Developed Countries.

In fact, developing countries, and LDCs in particular, are dramatically losing
ground in international trade. Most are dependent for their foreign exchange
earnings on exports of a small number of agricultural products, the real prices
of which are volatile and declining in the long run. The direct consequence is
erratic incomes for these countries and their small producers.

This specialization in few commodities has increased the dependence of least
developed countries on food imports from developed ones. While developing
countries have increasingly specialized in non-food products such as coffee or
cocoa, the subsidized exports from developed countries have made imported food
less expensive than local products. This resulted in the transformation of what
was a $1-billion U.S. food trade surplus for developing countries in the 1970s
into a deficit of $11 billion in 2001.

While their export earnings are volatile and in the long term declining,
developing countries also have to finance growing imports of food and
manufactured goods from developed countries. This explains the disastrous
deterioration of the terms of trade for the least developed countries and the
"consequent transfer of income from developing to developed countries.'' This
has threatened food security and economic sustainability of many LDCs and
increased their debt burdens.

Clearly, this trend is not due only to weak competitiveness or inadequate policy
choices on the part of the developing countries. Rather, tariffs, subsidies, and
other trade-distorting policies in developed countries have eroded developing
countries' market share and export revenues. Structural adjustment programs,
encouraged by developed countries, have also weakened developing countries.
Indeed, the following elements make very clear the role played by developed
countries in this regard:

- Subsidies to farmers in developed countries have depressed commodity prices on
world markets. For instance, European sugar is exported at 75 per cent below the
cost of production. A direct consequence of this is the erosion of both the
income and market share of producers in non-subsidizing developing countries who
cannot compete against cheap subsidized foods. This practice also drains the
foreign-exchange reserves of many countries that depend heavily on commodity
exports.

- The average tariff for imported agricultural products in developed countries
is 60 per cent, compared with an average of five per cent for industrial goods.
These tariffs are unfair to developing countries, which are highly dependent on
exports of agricultural commodities. Furthermore, by imposing tariff escalation
regimes -- the more processed a given product is, the higher the tariff --
developed countries are discouraging developing countries from investing in
agricultural processing. Yet, diversification into higher value-products would
reduce the dependence of developing countries on primary export commodities,
which produce less income to begin with and whose prices are falling.

- Structural-adjustment programs have resulted in the opening of local markets
and elimination of state support for farmers and production. In the past,
producers were protected from price volatility for key agricultural products by
state institutions, which would stabilize prices and support farmers' incomes.
Whereas developed countries have maintained high levels of agricultural
subsidies at home, in developing countries structural adjustments have shrunk
public expenditures on agriculture. This has decreased their ability to support
their producers and to adapt their agriculture through production support,
training and necessary investments.

While developed countries promote a vision of development through trade, the FAO
report shows that trade actually marginalizes the poorest countries and their
small farmers and mainly benefits large-scale producers and corporations from
developed countries. In the last few decades, transnational corporations have
increased control over production and trade in developing countries. For
instance, 40 per cent of the world's coffee is traded by just four companies,
and 45 per cent is processed by just three coffee-roasting firms.

A similar trend exists at the retail level, with supermarkets increasing their
share of food retailing. "Worldwide, the top 30 supermarket chains now control
almost one-third of grocery sales.'' This concentration gives these large
companies a dominant position in the market and significant leverage over
production and prices; it also greatly favours large-scale producers, often
under the control of these firms, and marginalizes small farmers.

Apart from denouncing the market distortion caused by developed countries, the
FAO report unfortunately does not question the policies that harm agriculture in
the developing countries and undermine the livelihoods of their farmers.

Instead, it recommends measures to make developing countries and their farmers
more competitive in an open global economy. Though it presents evidence of
failed trade agreements, the FAO does not question market liberalization and
instead recommends more liberalization, advocating for removal of tariffs in
developing countries in order to boost trade among them.

Overall, the FAO has failed to provide the right remedy to an ongoing disaster.
It suggests that trade and market liberalization are the only chances that the
poorest nations have to get out of poverty. Yet it is obvious from the findings
of this report that the only way forward for the developing countries is the
adoption of food sovereignty as a national policy, including the right to
protect their production and markets against an inequitable system.

This development model would seek well-being and food security for all people
and farmers in developing countries, rather than profits for business interests
in developed countries.

Anuradha Mittal is the founder and director of the Oakland Institute.

Frederic Mousseau is a senior fellow at the institute.

LOAD-DATE: April 6, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: Reuters; Trouble Brewing: Coffee is grown in many developing countries,
but transnational companies have ensured that 40 per cent of the world's coffee
is traded by just four companies, and 45 per cent is processed by just three.

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2005 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest Global Communications
                                     Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              84 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Santa Cruz Sentinel (California)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 9, 2010 Tuesday

Political redistricting could marginalize minorities, critics say

BYLINE: Kurtis Alexander, Santa Cruz Sentinel, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 708 words


Feb. 9--There's more time to apply for the high-profile job of redrawing
California's legislative districts thanks to an extension granted Monday by
state officials. However, concerns remain that the applicant pool won't mirror
the state's diversity and, as a result, minority groups could be shorted in a
process that will determine how the state's political power is meted out.

As of Monday, just 11 percent of the applicants for the new and powerful
redistricting commission are Latino, according to state data. Latinos, though,
make up 37 percent of California's population. By contrast, white residents are
71 percent of the applicants, while whites make up 42 percent of the population.

The numbers, which many call worrisome, have prompted a last-minute effort by
minority groups to recruit among their ranks.

"If we have a diverse commission, we feel it's more likely that communities of
color will have a more equitable voice," said Maricela Morales, associate
executive director of the Central Coast Alliance United for a Sustainable
Economy, which is helping organize outreach to minorities.

State redistricting is done every 10 years to accommodate changes in population
and ensure balanced political districts. For the first time, the Assembly,
Senate and Board of Equalization districts will be drawn by a citizens panel
instead of lawmakers, who have long been accused of gerrymandering boundaries
for political gain.

So far, 20,626 people have applied

for the 14 seats on the commission -- 265 from Santa Cruz County -- according to
state data. The commissioners, once selected, will work a yet-to-be-determined
schedule at a rate of $300 a day to redraw political lines in time for 2012
elections.

Friday's deadline to apply for the commission was pushed to Feb. 16 by the
California State Auditor's Office, which is overseeing the selection process.
Representatives from the Auditor's Office cited a recent surge of interest in
the seats, due to increased advertising, that they didn't want to ignore.

The office's Chief of Public Affairs Margarita Fernandez acknowledged the
disproportionate number of minorities who have applied but said she expects the
process of whittling down candidates would ensure finalists who are sensitive to
minority interests.

The Auditor's Office, per voter approved Proposition 11, will narrow the field
to 120 before interviews begin and the Legislature exercises its power to remove
a certain number of candidates. The final commission must include five
Democrats, five Republicans and four who are affiliated with neither party.

"We're pretty confident that we're going to find the most qualified candidates
that are diverse and represent the state," said Fernandez.

Monday, the applicant pool was roughly 5 percent Asian and 8 percent black --
those groups making up 12.5 percent and 6.7 percent of the state's population,
respectively. Women made up 32 percent of the applicants.

Among the applications submitted by Central Coast residents, 8 percent are
Latino while Latinos constitute about 38 percent of the region's population,
according to Central Coast Alliance United for a Sustainable Economy.

Yolanda Henry, executive director of the Familia Center in Santa Cruz, said she
was thinking about applying.

"I was certainly disappointed about how the last redistricting ended up," she
said.

Like others in the Santa Cruz area, Henry hopes the county will be put back into
a single Senate district. Nearly a decade ago, the county was split between two
Senate districts, which many believe marginalized the region's voice by putting
Senate representation in the hands of two out-of-county lawmakers.

"It's like who is our hometown guy," Henry said. "There isn't one."

For information about the Citizens Redistricting Commission and to apply, visit
http://wedrawthelines.ca.gov/.

To see more of The Santa Cruz Sentinel or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.santacruzsentinel.com. Copyright (c) 2010, Santa Cruz Sentinel,
Calif. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For reprints,
email tmsreprints@permissionsgroup.com, call 800-374-7985 or 847-635-6550, send
a fax to 847-635-6968, or write to The Permissions Group Inc., 1247 Milwaukee
Ave., Suite 303, Glenview, IL 60025, USA.

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20100209-QC-Political-redistricting-could-marginalize
-minorities-critics-say-0209

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: QC


                                 Copyright 2010


                              85 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                            December 8, 2002, Sunday

EISNER MOUSETRAPPED: DISNEY BOSS FIGHTS SHAREHOLDERS, WALT'S KIN

BYLINE: PAUL THARP and TIM ARANGO

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 027

LENGTH: 771 words


Michael Eisner is fighting back.

After enduring months of criticism from disappointed investors and dissident
board members, the longtime Disney chief is making bold moves to maintain his
hold on power, upping the ante in one of Corporate America's most dramatic
boardroom battles.

Eisner's new moves aim to marginalize his opponents on the board, who have been
all but calling for his head.

He also hopes to win a bitter dispute with Walt Disney heir Roy Disney, 71 - the
nephew of the company's founder and Disney's single-largest shareholder - and
Stanley Gold, a board member who heads the Shamrock Fund, which is controlled by
Roy Disney and has lost millions as the company's stock has sunk.

Roy Disney has stayed clear of public squabbling, preferring to leave the
fighting to Gold - who took some lumps from his rival last week.

To neutralize four directors who have been highly critical of his performance,
Eisner revealed that the directors improperly had family members on payrolls of
Disney enterprises, including Gold's daughter Jennifer, who held an $85,000 job.

The SEC began a probe of the nepotism, and Gold was stripped from his position
on three key board committees.

But Gold isn't backing down yet.

A source at Shamrock said Gold will persist in raising critical questions about
management. "It doesn't marginalize Stanley's influence at all," the source
said. "It's one less committee meeting he has to attend."

The source added: "He will continue to be an independent voice. We're watching
our investment very closely."

Disney has taken a bad economic fall in the last couple of years and can't seem
to get up.

Its shares are down 24 percent in one year, and its $140 million gamble on
holiday flick "Treasure Planet" flopped.

Investors have lost $11 billion - about $1 billion a month this year. Roy
Disney's Shamrock Holdings alone has lost about $94 million this year on his
stock, making him the figurehead of the coup d'etat for changes at the top.

"Eisner has become a good whipping boy, just the way Gerry Levin [of AOL Time
Warner] was blamed for all their troubles until he retired," media analyst
Dennis McAlpine said of AOL Time Warner's recently retired chief executive.

"It's sort of a shame. After Eisner, there are only a few good whipping boys
left - like Steve Case and Ted Turner," McAlpine remarked.

To Eisner's credit, some of Disney's troubles have little to do with his
abilities as an executive. After all, his board did award him a bonus payday a
few years ago of $500 million for a year's work.

More recently, Disney's profits at its theme parks got clobbered following
terrorist attacks and never recovered. The advertising drought at Disney's ABC
network was also beyond Eisner's control.

However, weak ratings on ABC's prime time programs are Eisner's responsibility.

And the internal strife on its board also falls at his feet.

Eisner has long been accused of packing his board for years with close friends,
even his son's teacher.

"When they were making money, no one cared that much," said one portfolio
manager. "But when the bottom fell out, someone had to be blamed."

Scott Black of Delphi Management, a Disney investor who's been critical of
current management, says Eisner's under great pressure but his board strategy
could be futile.

"The real issue isn't how you shuffle the seats on the deck of the Titanic,"
Black said of the board shakeup.

And in some ways, the board is the least of his problems. The flop of "Treasure
Planet," probably strikes one of the worst blows to a prized asset - its
creativity in animation.

The paltry $16.6 million box office take for the flick's Thanksgiving weekend
premier caused Disney to write down its latest operating earning outlook by 14
percent, vs. a 2.2 percent drop prior to the restatement.

Analysts say the flop raises questions whether the maker of hits such as "The
Lion King" can keep up its winning pace.

The head of Disney's fabled animation, Thomas Schumacher, is said to be packing
his bags.

The failure of "Treasure Planet" also puts extra pressure on Disney to continue
its profitable ties with computer specialist Pixar Animation Studios Inc.,
creator of "Monsters, Inc.," analysts said.

According to reports, Pixar wants to end its 50-50 split with Disney and pay the
studio only a distribution fee.


LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: THE MAGIC IS GONE: Disney CEO Michael Eisner (left) and Roy Disney, the
nephew of Walt Disney and the company's single largest shareholder, are engaged
in bitter struggle over control of Disney's board - and the company's future.
AP

           Copyright 2002 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              86 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Financial Post (Toronto, Canada)

                    October 27, 1992, Tuesday, DAILY EDITION

'PEROTNOIA' BAFFLES ANALYSTS': Candidate alleges conspiracy to disrupt
daughter's wedding

BYLINE: George Graham Financial Times of London

SECTION: SECTION 1, NEWS; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 450 words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


   Ross Perot has again given a strange twist to the already convoluted plot of
this year's U.S. presidential election, with his allegations of a conspiracy by
the Republican party to disrupt his daughter's wedding.

Perot claimed on Sunday that this plot was the real reason he withdrew from the
election in July and not, as he said at the time, the revitalization of the
Democratic party and the prospect that his candidacy would deprive any candidate
of a majority in the electoral college.

Perot yesterday repeated his claims, while admitting he had no proof.

Political analysts yesterday were scratching their heads over whether voters
would see Perot's charges as a credible example of the Republican party's
propensity for ''dirty tricks,'' or as further evidence of the Texas tycoon's
penchant for plots and conspiracies - which has already spawned a host of
''Perotnoia'' and ''Inspector Perot'' puns.

The episode might be dismissed as a trivial aside, but it comes at a moment when
the campaigns of both President George Bush and Democratic presidential
candidate Bill Clinton are agonizing over the likely path of Perot's support in
the final week before next Tuesday's election.

Perot, who re-entered the campaign at the beginning of this month, has gained
ground steadily since the three televised debates in which he appeared with Bush
and Clinton. Several opinion polls now put his vote at about 20%. His advance
has come mainly at Clinton's expense.

Pollsters wondered whether the Texas independent's support would prove to be a
short-lived fever, reaching a peak and dropping away before Nov. 3, or a more
enduring phenomenon.

Public reaction to his charges could play a considerable role in that.

In June, Perot's standing in opinion polls slid rapidly in the face of repeated
stories about his habit of using private investigators against all and sundry -
business foes, Bush's sons and even his own family.

''He is, after all, accusing the president of the United States of organizing an
assault on his daughter's wedding. Either he is going to marginalize himself or
the president is going to be involved in controversy. I think it's more likely
he will marginalize himself,'' Stanley Greenberg, a pollster for the Clinton
campaign, told the New York Times.

CBS Television's widely watched 60 Minutes program, on which Perot made his
allegations, made it perfectly clear that its own and FBI investigators had both
found the charges unfounded.

But the Bush administration has laid itself open to such charges by its search
of the passport files of Clinton and his mother, a search which Bush himself has
termed ''reprehensible.''


LOAD-DATE: November 6, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Photo: Ross Perot: dirty tricks by Republicans, or a fondness for
plots and conspiracies.

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1992 Financial Post Ltd.


                              87 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            October 20, 2008 Monday
                                 FIRST EDITION

Don't count us out;
'Nation of believers' must not marginalize -- or worse undercount --
secularists, an invisible minority.

BYLINE: Ronald Aronson

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 13A

LENGTH: 1369 words


A

s the presidential campaign winds down, members of America's largest and most
silent minority may be excused for feeling a little left out. As Republicans and
Democrats escalate their appeals to 2008's most contested and prized
constituency -- swing voters among evangelicals and Catholics -- they treat
those who are not religious as if they are invisible.

Democrats, no less than Republicans, have been reshaping themselves into a party
of believers, claiming as did the Rev. Leah Daughtry both before and during
their interfaith unity event the week of the convention in Denver that
"Democrats are people of faith." Both John McCain and Barack Obama submitted to
a religious test by the Rev. Rick Warren -- before a national TV audience.
McCain, always diffident about religion, chose the far more demonstratively and
conservatively religious Sarah Palin as his running mate. And Obama, speaking on
Labor Day in Detroit, led his audience in silent prayer for those threatened by
Hurricane Gustav.

And why not? Surveys regularly receive front-page coverage for reporting, as the
2008 Pew U.S. Religious Landscape Survey did, that nearly all Americans believe
in God. The Pew Forum on Religion and Public Life concluded that 92% of
Americans are believers and that only 5% of Americans don't believe in God (3%
gave some other answer, didn't know, or refused to answer).

But something is wrong with this picture. It erases vast numbers of Americans --
not only atheists, agnostics and secularists, but also those who have turned
away from the God and religion of the Old and New Testaments. And it makes it
seem as though most of those who claim to be "believers" believe pretty much the
same things -- though this is manifestly false. It encourages the sense that
there are two kinds of Americans, the overwhelming majority who believe and
belong, and those few do not believe, and are outsiders. But the conventional
wisdom that nearly all Americans believe in God is wrong.

Fuzzy math

The politics and prejudices that marginalize secularists are unintentionally
abetted by surveys, which are undermined by two fundamental problems. First is
the tendency to lump together such profoundly different conceptions as a
Judeo-Christian personal God, a distant God, a cosmic force and a universal
spirit -- which results in a conglomeration of "believers" with nothing in
common and many of whom are in fact secularists.

Second, most attempts to measure religion in America do not adequately take into
account the well-known problem of social desirability: Respondents may be
reluctant to give a socially unacceptable or unpopular answer. We know that many
people do not want to appear prejudiced when asked whether they would be willing
to vote for an African American. Likewise, many people do not want to appear
insufficiently religious.

John Green, a senior fellow in religion and American politics at the Pew
Research Center,  says those conducting these surveys "worry a great deal about
social desirability effects and seek to minimize them with careful question
wording and the order in which the questions are asked." Green also defends
Pew's tallying Americans' belief in God together with spiritual beliefs as
yielding a "kind of information (that) is valid in its own right." "The basic
issue is this," says Green: "What does one want to know?"

This is exactly the point, which suggests that depending on the purposes of the
study -- and how the questions are posed -- religion can appear more or less
widespread, and secularists can be made to virtually disappear or to appear as a
major component of contemporary American life. A Financial Times/Harris
Interactive survey in 2006  surveyed Europeans as well as Americans and
accordingly -- perhaps because Europe is far more secular than the U.S.  --
treated disbelief with greater care. They allowed respondents the opportunity to
identify themselves by explaining the possible choices: "Believer in any form of
God or any type of supreme being," "Agnostic (one who is skeptical about the
existence of God but not an atheist)," "Atheist (one who denies the existence of
God)," "Would prefer not to say" (important for counteracting social
desirability) and "Not sure." The results are striking: 73% of Americans are
believers, 14% agnostics, 6% preferred not to answer, 4% atheists and 3% were
not sure. This represents an arguably secularist response of nearly one in four.
The point is that there are vastly more non-believers than usually show up in
American surveys.

Why do the numbers matter? As gays struggled to overcome invisibility and gain
respect in the 1970s and '80s, they too found it necessary to call attention to
the real figures about their presence in American society against the prevailing
common sense that made them a tiny (and despised) minority. Similarly, a close
reading of the statistics on religious belief reverses the conventional wisdom:
The intensely religious who have dominated the conversation turn out to be a
minority, a moderately faithful mainstream that lives largely secular lives has
kept quiet, and an unexpectedly large group of secularists has been ignored.

In this far more complex picture, one-third are extremely religious, and
secularism has penetrated deeply, sometimes astonishingly so, into the lives of
everyone else. Respondents of the Pew Survey were asked: "When it comes to
questions of right and wrong, which of the following do you look to most for
guidance?" The options: religious teachings and beliefs, philosophy and reason,
practical experience and common sense or scientific information. Only 29% of the
total sample chose religion.

Life as a secularist

The myth of a nation of believers reached a kind of psychological and political
high point when President Bush gave his first major public response to the 9/11
attacks. Declaring a National Day of Prayer and Remembrance, he gave the
equivalent of a sermon at the National Cathedral flanked by religious
representatives, with no one to represent America's secularists. Unbelievers
were made to feel as outsiders in their own country that day. This is what life
is often like for secularists outside a few major urban or university centers.
In the vast heartland of suburban and semirural America, they grow accustomed to
new acquaintances greeting them by asking what church they go to. At work, they
get used to God-talk as an unstated norm, having to decide again and again
whether to "out" themselves or to just remain silent. In the news media, they
get used to reading or hearing that the appropriate response to stressful
situations is to turn to God. They also grow accustomed to putting up with
offhand insults, news anchors reporting on combat sagely declaring that "there
are no atheists in foxholes," would-be presidents criticizing them for trying to
keep religion out of public places.

Called immoral, invisible, publicly insulted when they are noticed -- this is
the lot of secularists, in Susan Jacoby's  apt phrase, in "religiously correct"
America. In an America where other minorities have mobilized themselves to
demand their rights, when will our largest, most invisible minority "out" itself
in daily life? When will they demand that the spirit of multiculturalism be
extended to those who do not pray, instead of the widespread assumption that
religious values, norms and practices apply to everyone?

When will they realize that secularists, along with spiritualists and
non-traditional believers, make up a good chunk of Democratic votes -- and
demand that secularists be included among the caucuses at Democratic Party
conventions? And, because contrary to their carefully fashioned image, not all
Republicans are believers, that secularists become visible in the GOP as well?
When will secularists demand recognition for their enormous contributions to
American history, culture, science, education and public life? When will this
sleeping giant begin to rouse itself and make itself heard?

Ronald Aronson is author of the just-published Living without God: New
Directions for Atheists, Agnostics, Secularists, and the Undecided. He is
Distinguished Professor of the History of Ideas at Wayne State University in
Detroit.

LOAD-DATE: October 20, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2008 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              88 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 9, 2016 Saturday

Country Music Stars Speak Out Against Vicious Tennessee Legislation Targeting
Transgender Students

LENGTH: 801 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: The Department of Human Rights Campaign has issued the following
news release:



 Today, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the nation's largest lesbian, gay,
bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) civil rights organization, announced that some
of the biggest stars in the country music industry are uniting with
pediatricians and child welfare advocates, civil rights organizations, the
business community and supporters of equality to oppose legislation in Tennessee
attacking transgender students in public schools and universities. Emmylou
Harris, Chely Wright, Ty Herndon, Miley Cyrus, and Country Music Television are
speaking out against HB 2414 and SB 2387 - discriminatory proposals that would
further marginalize transgender students and make it illegal for them to use
restrooms and other facilities consistent with their gender identity. Their
statements are included below.





 "Transgender youth already face incredibly high levels of discrimination,
bullying, and harassment, and it is appalling that the state of Tennessee would
consider requiring public schools to discriminate against them, too," said HRC
President Chad Griffin. "Today, some of the biggest stars in the country music
industry are using their voices to try and protect these young people. They join
a broad chorus of parents, teachers, child welfare advocates, pediatricians,
businesses and civil rights organizations urging Tennessee lawmakers to do the
right thing and stop discrimination against transgender youth. Tennessee should
block this hateful legislation and commit to ensuring every child has the right
to learn without being subjected to discrimination or fear."



 On Wednesday, HRC also released an open letter from executives at the Dow
Chemical Company, Hewlett Packard Enterprise, Choice Hotels International, Inc.,
and Alcoa, Inc. urging Tennessee's lawmakers to abandon the legislative assault
on transgender students in Tennessee. Major CEOs and business leaders are
speaking out because they know the legislation is bad for business and bad for
Tennessee.



 Over the last month, bills with language similar to Tennessee's proposal were
vetoed in South Dakota, but enacted in North Carolina, where lawmakers have
faced serious backlash. While South Dakota Republican Governor Dennis Daugaard
listened to child welfare organizations, pediatricians, parents, and met with
transgender children before deciding to veto a similar bill, North Carolina
Governor Pat McCrory and the state legislature rammed through a measure that,
among other discriminatory provisions, includes a similar appalling attack on
transgender students. As a result of North Carolina's HB2 law, which puts
thousands of youth, citizens, employees, and visitors to the state at risk, more
than 130 business leaders are calling for a repeal effort during the upcoming
legislative session and a number of businesses have begun toremove investments
from the state.



 Today, the following country music leaders are speaking out against Tennessee
legislation to oppose discrimination against transgender youth:



 "Those who love and make country music do so because at its best it speaks to
the pain and suffering everyone shares in this life. Let's not make that life
harder still for some, with this mean spirited and unnecessary legislation." -
Emmylou Harris



 "As an artist living and working in Nashville for more than 20 years, I know
how hard it was to struggle for acceptance as a gay woman. The deck is stacked
even higher against transgender students who face dramatically increased rates
of bullying. This bill will send a devastating message to transgender youth that
they are not welcome, included or valued. It goes without saying that their
classmates and their communities will hear this message loudly and clearly too;
emboldening many of them to double down on that harassment. I have a lot of
friends in Nashville with great, big voices and it's time that we all use our
voices to stand up against this scourge of unnecessary, hateful legislation in
Tennessee." - Chely Wright



 "As a recording artist and resident of Tennessee this matter breaks my heart.
Therefore I stand and join other supporters of equality calling on Tennessee's
elected officials to reject legislation that would harm and marginalize
transgender children, already among our most vulnerable young people.
Discrimination is always wrong, but it's particularly heartbreaking to see
legislators considering terrible measures targeting, instead of supporting, our
children. When I told my mother I'm gay, her only concern was that I would have
a happy and successful life. Because My Life Mattered. Let her be our example."
- Ty Herndon



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact:

 editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 10, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              89 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                              July 21, 2014 Monday

As Ethiopia's 'Zone 9' bloggers get popular, they get charged with terror;
The US says it is 'deeply concerned' over prosecution of young social media
activists. But Ethiopia is a key US ally on the Horn of Africa and any censure
may remain rhetorical.

BYLINE: William Davison Correspondent

SECTION: World

LENGTH: 789 words


Ethiopia has charged 10 reform-minded bloggers and journalists with terrorism
offenses - marking the latest in a long line of repressive acts against civil
society by a key US partner in the Horn of Africa.

Seven of the 10 bloggers are part of a social media group called Zone 9. The
group are mostly young urban professionals known for a fresh and reasoned
approach to peaceful change -- and who are increasingly well-respected - in an
authoritarian nation known for a history of stifling free expression. With
elections coming, some say the charges are an easy way for the government to
link dissidents to terrorist groups and undermine them.

Six of the bloggers and the three journalists have been held since April, and
are now charged under a 2009 terror law that has broad and loose terms. Analysts
say these individuals may receive the same long prison sentences as opposition
politicians and journalists recently sentenced on similar charges.

One Zone 9 blogger resides in the US and is being tried in absentia.

Government prosecutors say the bloggers are linked to a US-based Ethiopian
opposition group called Ginbot 7 and were allegedly planning to overthrow the
Ethiopian government.

The US, a major donor to Ethiopia as well as a security partner, frequently
criticizes Ethiopia's human-rights record; yet no aid cuts or formal censure
have followed.

State Department spokesperson Jen Psaki said the US is "deeply concerned" about
the charges and urged a fair trial. "The arrest of journalists and bloggers, and
their prosecution under terrorism laws, has a chilling effect on the media and
all Ethiopians' right to freedom of expression," Ms. Psaki said after the
charges were announced Friday.

'Quiet' diplomacy

The West views Ethiopia as an important broker in ending a vicious civil war now
underway in South Sudan. It is also a key ally in Somalia, where its military
has for several years been fighting Al Qaeda-linked groups like Al Shabab, in
that clan-riven nation.

Boston University Africa specialist Michael Woldemariam says Ethiopia's
strategic significance means the US is "unlikely" to condition aid to what is
Africa's second most populous nation. "I think quiet, behind-the-scenes
diplomacy is the most likely way forward in ensuring the outcome of the trial is
not particularly egregious," Mr. Woldemariam says.

In a press conference hours after the first hearing Friday, Prime Minister
Hailemariam Desalegn was unrepentant. He said those charged were part of a
terrorist network centered around Ethiopia's arch-rival Eritrea. He alleged that
the network extends to Somalia, Kenya, and South Sudan.

"Whatever you see can be put into this equation," the prime minister said about
the network. "Be it a doctor, or a teacher, or a journalist." While Somalia and
Kenya have seen numerous terrorist attacks in the past year, Ethiopia has not
experienced any attacks at home.

The subject of Eritrea is sensitive in Addis Ababa. Eritrea seceded from
Ethiopia in 1993 after a 30-year insurgency. Elites in the two nations fell out,
leading to war from 1998 to 2000. Both sides have remained at loggerheads.

Ginbot 7, formed in exile by opposition figures, led a successful campaign
against the ruling party in 2005 elections, which turned violent. (Security
forces in Ethiopia killed hundreds of demonstrators and imprisoned opponents en
masse.) That history led Ginbot 7 members to team up with Eritrea against the
Ethiopian regime.

Open criticism of terror

The Zone 9 bloggers charged with terror are regarded as diligent and bold
critics of the Ethiopian government. Yet those familiar with the group seriously
balk at the terror links claimed by prosecutors.

Zone 9 bloggers, for example, openly criticized Ginbot 7 for its belief that
armed struggle is justified in order to remove a dictatorship, says Zone 9
co-founder Endalkachew Hailemichael, currently a graduate student at the
University of Oregon. The Zone 9 social media activists believe the only way
democracy can be achieved in Ethiopia is through peaceful opposition, Mr.
Hailemichael says.

In Addis Ababa, observers say that with elections upcoming, the bloggers were
too outspoken. Accusing them of links to Ginbot 7 ties them to Eritrea and also
to Somalia's Islamic extremists that the Eritrean regime is accused of funding.



"This is part of a deliberate strategy by the government to marginalize its most
dangerous critics in the run up to the 2015 elections," says Woldemariam. "The
existence of armed opposition, and Ginbot 7 links to Asmara, provide a useful
bogeyman the government can invoke to tar and marginalize the real threat to its
power: young activists that seek to operate non-violently within the system in
an attempt to push political change."

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2014 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              90 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     BBC Monitoring South Asia - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                            July 22, 2009 Wednesday

USA aims to marginalize British forces in Helmand - Afghan paper

LENGTH: 499 words


Text of report "America wants to isolate Britain in Afghanistan" published by
privately-owned Afghan newspaper Rah-e Nejat on 20 July

Hafiz Mansur, an analyst in political affairs, reported about the
British-American disagreement in Afghanistan, adding that by conducting the
Strike of the Sword operation, America aims to isolate British forces in Helmand
Province. According to the political group of Rah-e Nejat daily, quoting the
Fars news agency, Hafiz Mansur stated that America is using the pretext of
fighting terrorism for its presence in Afghanistan and the important point is
that for this presence America is supported by different countries.

He said: "Concerning the issue of its presence, America achieved the
international consensus and more than 30 countries are supporting US military
efforts in Afghanistan. It is also clear that America's closest ally was Britain
and these two countries are playing the most important role in Afghanistan's
war".

Mansur said that although America and Britain are united in the war in
Afghanistan, they have different opinions about the war on terror. He believes
that the British are trying to resolve problems through encouraging the Taleban
to join the Afghan government and gaining Pakistan's confidence. In other words,
Britain is trying to bribe the Taleban while America prefers the way of
threatening the Taleban and using force. This has resulted in the split between
the two allies, as the deportation of the two British diplomats by the Afghan
government was caused with America's counsel and command.

Mr Mansur added that it is reported that in the recent American military
operation in Helmand, a store of opium was discovered and the involvement of
British forces in the issue cannot be denied. He said: "It is the third time
that thousands of American marines are leaving Iraq and joining other forces in
Helmand. Now, with the help of these forces, the Strike of the Sword operation
has been launched and in fact one purpose is to defeat the Taleban and the other
is to marginalize British forces in Afghanistan."

He added that holding the election is a good pretext for America to implement
its plans and to place its forces in the insecure and profitable Helmand
Province. America aims to reach its goals during the election. First, the
upcoming presidential election in Afghanistan is important for America's
reputation and it must hold Afghanistan's election successfully. Through this,
America will show at the international level that it has made some achievements
in Afghanistan. Second, America aims to prove that the Taleban cannot prevent
the holding of the election and thus its forces must carry out the mission
during this short time.

Mansur concluded that the other aim of America is that it wants to cover its
failures by holding the election. Moreover, it aims to control Helmand Province
and the Pakistani border using the pretext of ensuring the security of the
election.

Source: Rah-e Nejat, Kabul in Dari 20 Jul 09

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2009 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              91 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

The Reopening of the American mind

LENGTH: 1002  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 I can't resist saying that I am proud of my alma mater, the University of
Chicago, for sending out a letter to incoming freshmen telling them forthrightly
that there will be no "safe spaces" at the university.





 The letter is a hopeful sign that there is still a vein of classic liberalism
on the Left, and that the proponents of it are prepared to draw a line in the
sand. It's not the only sign. The Heterodox Academy is a group of scholars,
including left of center scholars, who are fighting to reintroduce a measure of
intellectual balance into higher education. The main point of the group is that
intellectual accuracy, much less rigor, is only possible in an atmosphere where
ideas are routinely challenged, and that in turn is only possible where the
universities make some attempt to cultivate a range of views among their
faculty.



 The group is active and growing, and I encourage conservatives to follow their
efforts. A great deal is at stake, and not just for those of us on the right.



 The formal motto of the United States is "In God We Trust."  Almost as
important, and of much longer pedigree, is the informal motto: "E Pluribus
Unum": Out of the many, the one.  The phrase is of course a reference to the
history of the United States, but in a larger sense, it is a description of the
balance which democracies must strike to survive.



 Mature democracies reach and maintain a political equilibrium, but the
equilibrium disguises - in fact, it requires - a constant struggle by each side
for their policy and political goals according to a fair set of predetermined,
neutral rules.  Often one side wins and the other loses, and sometimes one side
loses a lot.  But everyone has the right to try to win, and everyone has faith
that even those who find his views obnoxious will stand up for that right.



 In other words, outcomes matter, but process matters too, and in the long run
process matters more.



 I spent the first eight years of my public service in the Missouri House of
Representatives, first as a member and then the Leader of the Republican caucus.
We were in a distinct minority the whole time, so we were always planning and
agitating and attacking - that's what legislative minorities do - and though the
Democratic leaders controlled the process and could have shut us down, they
rarely did.



 It was in those days that I began calling legislators on the other side "my
Democratic friends." There was no irony intended. We differed on most things -
well, we differed on about everything - and we fought every day, but we could
keep it from becoming personal, because there was also a common bond of respect
and loyalty to the process we had all sworn to uphold. That bond held us
together; it was the "Unum" in the middle of all the "Pluribus."



 That's draining away now. It's happening on both the Blue and Red teams, but
the danger is greater on the Left, because the Left holds the commanding heights
of the culture and is therefore harder to hold accountable for its abuses.



 There is mounting evidence that a substantial segment of the Left is
consistently using its power, in big and small ways, to change the rules of the
game and steamroll or punish rather than persuade its opponents.  Here are some
examples:



     The disinvitations from campus of so many distinguished conservative
speakers;

     The partisan intervention four years ago by Candy Crowley in a crucial
debate in which she was supposed to be a neutral moderator;

     The apparent double standard on Twitter, and the concerns about Facebook
suppressing conservative stories;

     The professional destruction of people like Brandon Eich and Tim Hunt for
opposing, or even appearing to oppose, the Left's social orthodoxy;

     The IRS suppression of grassroots Tea Party groups;

     The failure of Jim Comey - a man previously known for his fair mindedness
and political neutrality - to recommend prosecuting Hillary Clinton for crimes
far worse than those for which others were prosecuted;

     The Obama Administration's constant issuance of executive orders and
regulations that are effectively statutes when it cannot pass statutes in the
Congress.



 I hope fair minded Leftists can understand the concern now among conservatives
about the Supreme Court. In the past, a divided Court has been willing to read
rights into the Constitution to marginalize the conservative social agenda. For
those of us who would have liked to persuade our fellow citizens to adopt some
or all of that agenda through the democratic process, that has been bad enough.
But will a future Supreme Court, if it has a solid left wing majority, be
equally willing to read rights out of the Constitution - the rights to freedom
of speech, religion, association, and due process - to marginalize conservatives
even more broadly in the larger society?



 I wish I were certain that the answer to that question is "no." Twenty years
ago, I would have been certain. But I'm not certain now.



 That's why the Chicago letter is so refreshing, and, I hope, important.  If
there is one thing I've learned during my 30 years in public life, it's that
good people can want many of the same things while holding diametrically
opposite opinions about how to achieve them.  Neither end of the political
spectrum has a monopoly on truth, neither end is going away, and both sides need
each other more than they realize.  If the center is to hold in the difficult
days that are coming, the partisans must show more respect for our institutions,
the process, and each other.



 The Chicago letter is a good first step. When a leading university is
unashamedly determined to stop demonizing and start listening, it means, at
least, that a crack in the wall has appeared. And it could mean more than that.
It could mean a reopening of the American mind.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              92 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                           December 28, 2010 Tuesday
                                 SOONER EDITION

IT'S NOT ABOUT HATING GAYS;
YOU SHOULD BE ABLE TO OPPOSE GAY MARRIAGE WITHOUT BEING ACCUSED OF BIGOTRY

BYLINE: Matthew J. Franck

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-7

LENGTH: 851 words


In the debates over gay marriage, "hate" is the ultimate conversation stopper.

Some stories from recent months:

A religion instructor at a Midwestern state university explains in an e-mail to
students the rational basis for Catholic teaching on homosexuality. He is
denounced by a student for "hate speech" and is dismissed from his position. (He
is later reinstated -- for now.)

At another Midwestern state university, a department chairman demurs from a
student organizer's request that his department promote an upcoming "LGBTQ" film
festival on campus; he is denounced to his university's chancellor, who
indicates that his e-mail to the student warrants inquiry by a "Hate and Bias
Incident Response Team."

On the West Coast, a state law school moves to marginalize a Christian student
group that requires its members to pledge they will conform to orthodox
Christian doctrines on sexual morality. In the history of the school, no student
group has ever been denied campus recognition. But this one is, and the U.S.
Supreme Court lets the school get away with it.

The Southern Poverty Law Center, a once-respected civil rights organization,
publishes a "report" identifying a dozen or so "anti-gay hate groups," some for
no apparent reason other than their vocal opposition to same-sex marriage. Other
marriage advocacy groups are put on a watch list.

On a left-wing website, a petition drive succeeds in pressuring Apple to drop an
"app" from its iTunes store for the Manhattan Declaration, an ecumenical
Christian statement whose nearly half-million signers are united in defense of
the right to life, the tradition of conjugal marriage between man and woman, and
the principles of religious liberty. The offense? The app is a "hate fest."
Fewer than 8,000 people petition for the app to go; more than five times as many
petition Apple for its reinstatement, so far to no avail.

Finally, on "$..! My Dad Says," a CBS sitcom watched by more than 10 million
weekly viewers, an entire half-hour episode is devoted to a depiction of the
disapproval of homosexuality as bigotry, a form of unreasoning intolerance that
clings to the past with a coarse and mean-spirited judgmentalism. And this on a
show whose title character is famously irascible and politically incorrect, but
who in this instance turns out to be fashionably cuddly and up-to-date.

What's going on here? Clearly a determined effort is afoot, in cultural bastions
controlled by the left, to anathematize traditional views of sexual morality,
particularly opposition to same-sex marriage, as the expression of "hate" that
cannot be tolerated in a decent civil society.

They think the argument over same-sex marriage must be brought to an end, and
the debate considered settled. Defenders of traditional marriage must be likened
to racists, as purveyors of irrational fear and loathing. Opposition to same-sex
marriage must be treated just like support for now long-gone anti-miscegenation
laws.

This strategy is the counsel of desperation. In 30 states, the people have
protected traditional marriage by constitutional amendment: In no state where
the question has been put directly to voters has same-sex marriage been adopted
by democratic majorities.

But the advocates of a revolution in the law of marriage see an opportunity in
Perry vs. Schwarzenegger, currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the
9th Circuit. In his district court ruling in the case in August, Judge Vaughn
Walker held that California's Proposition 8 enacted, "without reason, a private
moral view" about the nature of marriage that cannot properly be embodied in
public policy. Prop 8's opponents are hoping for similar reasoning from the
appeals court and, ultimately, from the Supreme Court.

Marginalize, privatize, anathematize: These are the successive goals of
gay-marriage advocates when it comes to their opponents.

First, ignore the arguments of traditional marriage's defenders, that marriage
has always existed in order to bring men and women together so that children
will have mothers and fathers, and that same-sex marriage is not an expansion
but a dismantling of the institution. Instead, assert that no rational arguments
along these lines even exist and so no refutation is necessary, and insinuate
that those who merely want to defend marriage are "anti-gay thugs" or
"theocrats" or "Taliban," as some critics have said.

Second, drive the wedge between faith and reason, chasing traditional religious
arguments on marriage and morality underground, as private forms of
irrationality.

Finally, decree the victory of the new public morality -- here the judges have
their role in the liberal strategy -- and read the opponents of the new
dispensation out of polite society, as the crazed bigots of our day.

American democracy doesn't need civility enforcers, nor must it become a public
square with signs reading "no labels allowed." Robust debate is necessarily
passionate debate, especially on a question like marriage. But the charge of
"hate" is not a contribution to argument; it's the recourse of people who would
rather not have an argument at all.

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: Matthew J. Franck is director of the William E. and Carol G. Simon Center
on Religion and the Constitution of the Witherspoon Institute in Princeton, N.J.
He wrote this for The Washington Post./

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              93 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Hays Free Press (Buda, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 14, 2011

Who would jesus dump on?

BYLINE: The Free Press staff

LENGTH: 710  words


It's a dirty shame that the Pew Research Center, in seeking a head count of
extremism among Muslims in the United States, didn't seek tie same of extreme
Christians.

You might have noticed the story -the polling organization, at 10 years
post-9/11, getting a sense of what American Muslims are thinking.

In what ought to be news to no one, Few found that the vast majority of Muslims
reject extremism - with as many as 96 percent saying they see support for it
waning among their kind.

Yet in a sign of a disconnect with that reality, Pew found that 40 percent cf
the general U.S. public perceives "a fair amount" or "a great deal of" support
for extremism among American Muslims.

What I'd like to know is how many of those 40 percent are Christian. Pew didn't
ask. That's a pity.

Now, it's possible that the predis-positions of the atheists, agnostics,
Buddhists, Taoists and Wiccans among us would skew such a tally of
misunderstanding to myth-understanding. Doubtful.

Abetter indication of the "core constituency" for said myth comes in what passes
for some of the lawmaking being driven by the passions of conservative -
extreme? - Christians.

Consider what happened in Tennessee, where the General Assembly passed a bill
equating Shariah law with promoting "the destruction of the national existence
of the United States." Tennessee is one of several states considering laws to
ban official recognition of Shariah, thereby decreeing an official stigma toward
many Muslim Americans.

This being a nation where religion is of one's own choosing, and where

what one thinks is not government's business, laws like this couldn't be more
un-American. But they are good politics when appealing to a certain core
constituency.

Since 9/11, that core has sought to construct and salute a "them vs. us"
template, with Muslims in general as "them." How many times over the last 10
years have we heard people, generally conservative Christians, preach that the
essence of the Muslim faith is a command to kill infidels?

If that's the case, the vast majority of peaceful Muslims aren't - Muslims, that
is.

Ah, reality be damned. Hysteria is much better at packing the pews.

This same dynamic is at play in ways that viciously marginalize another segment
of our society. Consider the bill pushed by Republicans to repeal the language
assistance provision of the Voting Rights Act - which requires ballots in
foreign languages when "a substantial" number of voters in a precinct need them.

Proponents assert that this awards sloth and anti-Americanism. After all, new
American citizens must learn English.

Two key points are ignored in this spiel.

First, according to the 2000 census, three quarters of those who need this kind
of assistance are native-born. They aren't newcomers at all. Do they speak
English? Yes, but: As pertains

to many bilingual Americans, there's a big difference between the "proficiency"
for the language required in citizenship classes - or shopping for groceries, or
comporting one's self in an English-speaking culture - and the fluency needed to
read and understand a ballot.

Literacy tests were among the most abominable and oppressive features of Jim
Crow. This proposal is a means to the same evil end.

So, what is it about a core Christian constituency that would be so quick to
choose these routes to oppress fellow Americans?

What do you imagine Jesus's

response would have been about an Islamic community center being built within
blocks of Ground Zero? I don't think most of those who so readily invoke his
name really want to know.

What would Jesus be saying and doing about the undocumented shadow population in
America that effectively washes the white man's feet - or, more literally, buses
his tables and changes his bed sheets?

His message would be about love and understanding, not about finding ways to
disenfranchise and marginalize one another.

"You profess to believe that 'of one blood God made all nations of men to dwell
on the earth.'... yet you notoriously hate (and glory in your hatred!) all men
whose skins are not colored like your own."

That was Frederick Douglass, a slave once, wondering aloud about a propensity
among Christians to be less than Christ-like.

Longtime Texas newspaperman John Young lives in Colorado.

jyoungcolumn@gmail.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HFP

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 Hays Free Press


                              94 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                         Hays Free Press (Buda, Texas)

  This content, including derivations, may not be stored or distributed in any
  manner, disseminated, published, broadcast, rewritten or reproduced without
                      express, written consent from STPNS

                               September 14, 2011

Who would jesus dump on?;
YOUNG --AT-LARGE

BYLINE: The Free Press staff

LENGTH: 706  words


It's a dirty shame that the Pew Research Center, in seeking a head count of
extremism among Muslims in the United States, didn't seek tie same of extreme
Christians.

You might have noticed the story the polling organization, at 10 years
post-9/11, getting a sense of what American Muslims are thinking.

In what ought to be news to no one, Few found that the vast majority of Muslims
reject extremism - with as many as 96 percent saying they see support for it
waning among their kind.

Yet in a sign of a disconnect with that reality, Pew found that 40 percent cf
the general U.S. public perceives "a fair amount" or "a great deal of" support
for extremism among American Muslims.

What I'd like to know is how many cf those 40 percent are Christian. Pew didn't
ask. That's a pity.

Now, it's possible that the predispositions of the atheists, agnostics,
Buddhists, Taoists and Wiccans among us would skew such a tally of
misunderstanding to myth-understanding. Doubtful.

Abetter indication of the "core constituency" for said myth comes in what passes
for some of the lawmaking being driven by the passions of conservative -
extreme? - Christians.

Consider what happened in Tennessee, where the General Assembly passed a bill
equating Shariah law with promoting "die destruction of the national existence
of the United States." Tennessee is; one of several states considering laws to
ban official recognition of Shariah, thereby decreeing an official sdgma toward
many Muslim Vunericans.

This being a nation where religion is of one's own choosing, and where what one
thinks is not government's business, laws like this couldn't be more
un-American. But they are good politics when appealing to a certain core
constituency.

Since 9/11, that core has sought to construct and salute a "them vs. us"
template, with Muslims in general as "them." How many times over the last 10
years have we heard people, generally conservative Christians, preach that the
essence of the Muslim faith is a command to kill infidels?

If that's the case, the vast majority of peaceful Muslims aren't - Muslims, that
is.

Ah, reality be damned. Hysteria is much better at packing the pews.

This same dynamic is at play in ways that viciously marginalize another segment
of our society. Consider the bill pushed by Republicans to repeal the language
assistance provision of the Voting Rights Act - which requires ballots in
foreign languages when "a substantial" number of voters in a precinct need them.

Proponents assert that this awards sloth and anti-Americanism. After all, new
American citizens must learn English.

Two key points are ignored in this spiel.

First, according to the 2000 census, three quarters of those who need this kind
of assistance are native-born. They aren't newcomers at all. Do they speak
English? Yes, but: As pertains to many bilingual Americans, there's a big
difference between the "proficiency" for the language required in citizenship
classes - or shopping for groceries, or comporting one's self in an
English-speaking culture - and the fluency needed to read and understand a
ballot.

Literacy tests were among the most abominable and oppressive features of Jim
Crow. This proposal is a means to the same evil end.

So, what is it about a core Christian constituency that would be so quick to
choose these routes to oppress fellow Americans?

What do you imagine Jesus's response would have been about an Islamic community
center being built within blocks of Ground Zero? I don't think most of those who
so readily invoke his name really want to know.

What would Jesus be saying and doing about the undocumented shadow population in
America that effectively washes the white man's feet - or, more literally, buses
his tables and changes his bed sheets?

His message would be about love and understanding, not about finding ways to
disenfranchise and marginalize one another.

"You profess to believe that 'of one blood God made all nations of men to dwell
on the earth.'... yet you notoriously hate (and glory in your hatred!) all men
whose skins are not colored like your own."

That was Frederick Douglass, a slave once, wondering aloud about a propensity
among Christians to be less than Christ-like.

Longtime Texas newspaperman John Young lives in Colorado.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Guest Opinion

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HFP

                      Copyright 2011 SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                               All Rights Reserved
                             SmallTownPapers, Inc.
                         Copyright 2011 Hays Free Press


                              95 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Dayton Daily News (Ohio)

                             April 7, 2016 Thursday

Why the major media still marginalize Bernie Sanders;
FROM THE LEFT

BYLINE: Robert Reich

SECTION: ; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 564 words


"Bernie is doing well, but he can't possibly win the nomination," a friend wrote
to me in an email for what seemed like the thousandth time.

My friend attached an article from one of the nation's leading newspapers
showing how far behind Bernie Sanders remains in delegates. But the article
failed to distinguish between super-delegates, the vast majority of whom are
party insiders supporting Hillary Clinton, and pledged delegates.

As of now, Clinton has about 24 percent more pledged delegates than Bernie
Sanders. That's still a sizable gap, but it hardly makes Sanders' candidacy an
impossibility.

Clinton's lead in superdelegates could vanish if Bernie gains a majority of
pledged delegates. That's what happened in 2008, when many of the superdelegates
who initially supported her later flipped to then-Sen. Barack Obama.

Since mid-March, Sanders has been on a roll. He has won six out of the seven
Democratic primary contests, and he's won them big, beating Clinton by 40
percentage points or more in Idaho, Utah, Alaska, Hawaii and Washington. On
Tuesday, he took Wisconsin.

The enthusiasm for Sanders isn't waning. If anything, it's growing.

Yet if you read the Washington Post or the New York Times, or watch CNN or even
MSNBC, or listen to the major pollsters and pundits, you'd come to the same
conclusion as my friend.

Every success by Sanders is met with a story or column or talking head whose
message is "but he can't possibly win." Or the media simply don't report on his
campaign.

Some Sanders supporters speak in dark tones about a media conspiracy against
him.

I doubt one exists. The mainstream media are incapable of conspiring with
anyone. They wouldn't dare try. Their reputations are on the line. If the public
stops trusting them, their brands are worth nothing.

The real reason the major national media can't see what's happening is they
exist inside the bubble of establishment politics, centered in Washington, and
the bubble of establishment power, centered in New York. So they're most
interested in the personalities of the candidates, and in the people and
resources backing them.

Within this frame of reference, it seems nonsensical that Sanders could possibly
win the nomination. He's a 74-year-old Jew from Vermont, originally from
Brooklyn, who calls himself a democratic socialist.

He wasn't even a member of the Democratic Party until recently, has never been a
fixture in the Washington or Manhattan circles of power and influence, and has
no major backers among the political, corporate or Wall Street elites of
America.

Because the major media are habituated to personalities and power, they haven't
been attending to Sanders' message - or to its resonance among Democratic and
independent voters (as well as many Republicans).

Themediadon'tknowhow to report on political movements. Yet a big part of
Sanders' candidacy is less about him than about the "political revolution" his
followers want to bring about.

The major media haven't noticed how determined Americans are to reverse the
increasing concentration of wealth and political power that have been eroding
our economy and democracy.

So it's understandable the media continue to marginalize Bernie Sanders, and all
he represents. But it's way too early to count Sanders out.

And even if he loses the nomination, the movement he's spawned isn't going away.
It's one of the biggest stories of our time.

LOAD-DATE: April 7, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2016 Dayton Newspapers, Inc.


                              96 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            March 27, 2010 Saturday

Sarah Palin's gun-imagery takes aim at political targets;
Caught in Sarah Palin's rifle sights, liberals warn of the threat of violent
rhetoric. Will it marginalize passionate discourse, or will demonizing
hot-headed conservatives backfire at the voting booth?

BYLINE: Patrik Jonsson Staff writer

LENGTH: 566 words


Former Alaska Gov. Sarah Palin's use of gun-imagery like rifle cross-hairs to
target politically vulnerable Democratic lawmakers won't surprise many Americans
as she stumps for her former running mate, John McCain, this weekend. Tales of
Ms. Palin's moose-hunting exploits and all-around frontier mentality are legend
following her vice presidential run, her bestseller, and subsequent "tea party"
politicking across the US.

But while it's clear that "nerves are raw" across the US following a contentious
and partisan healthcare vote last weekend, Palin helped to harden the tenor as
she played on the mythology of the gun in American culture to fire "the first
salvo in a fight to elect people across the nation who will bring common sense
to Washington," as she wrote on Facebook. Critics saw Palin's missive as fueling
already disturbing threats (including real bricks thrown through real windows),
all of which caused some House members to ask for extra protection last week. On
the stump Friday, Palin and McCain called for "a peaceful revolution," but Palin
did not offer to take down the gun imagery. In part, Palin's button-pushing is a
bold test of revolutionary rhetoric at a time when many Americans - including 14
state attorneys general (all but one are Republicans) - feel Democrats subverted
the Constitution to pass a potentially costly entitlement plan. Up against
Palin's rifle sights, can liberals raise enough of a stink about the threat of
extreme rhetoric to marginalize passionate rightwing discourse, which could at
least partially deflate the tea party movement? Or will demonizing hot-heated,
but ultimately nonviolent protesters literally backfire at the voting booth?
First and foremost, many academic experts are concerned that violent imagery
from the right's leaders could inspire violence against lawmakers and even civil
servants. "I think [Palin and other conservative leaders] have a very, very
serious responsibility to measure their words carefully," Tony Stewart, who has
worked to free Idaho of its reputation as a magnet for white supremacists, told
McClatchy. The liberal media watchdog group MediaMatters has tracked what they
call a disturbing trend of talking heads and politicians ratcheting up the
rhetoric, pointing to Glenn Beck's portrayal of the Obama administration as
vampires and referencing Rep. Michelle Bachmann's call for an "orderly
revolution" on Sean Hannity's show two days ago. Meanwhile, conservative web
sites are compiling lists of liberals urging violence, as well. Instapundit has
several times pointed to a column by the Washington Post's Courtland Milloy
where he urges readers to address tea partiers by "[knocking] every racist and
homophobic tooth out of their Cro-Magnon heads." Indeed, if many are calling
Palin and her cohort divisive and even downright dangerous, others blame the
Democrats for putting the first stake in the sandbox. "I sincerely pray that we
are not on the cusp of some group of angry and now unhinged mob lashing out at
congressmen ...," writes conservative blogger Erick Erickson at RedState.com.
"But ... I don't think the Democrats should at all be surprised. They were and
they knew they were playing with fire to advance legislation many Americans see
as the undoing of the American Experiment." Lining up for that battle, Sarah
Palin has so far held her rhetorical rifle high over her head.

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              97 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                            October 31, 2014 Friday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1108 words


Panepinto best choice for State Senate seat

Election Day is Tuesday, and control of the State Senate is at stake. Many
pundits are calling the 60th District four-way race the "one to watch."

My vote is with Democrat Marc Panepinto. He has received the endorsement of the
Atlantic Chapter of the Sierra Club. The Sierra Club is the oldest and largest
grass-roots environmental conservation organization in the nation. It is for a
clean environment, job generation and economic growth from clean energy
production, and it has chosen Panepinto as the strongest advocate for green
jobs. At a time when climate disruptions change millions of people's lives each
year, New York has to elect leaders who look to long-term solutions rather than
temporary fixes (it's smarter and cheaper).

Another supporter of Panepinto is the Working Families Party, which supports an
increase in the minimum wage, public financing of elections, the Women's
Equality Act, the New York DREAM Act and decriminalization of possession of
small amounts of marijuana.

I look to vote for people who will fight for a clean environment, economic
fairness, women's rights and racial justice. For me, that will include voting
for Panepinto.

Richard Steinberg

Buffalo

Representatives should respond to constituents

We all know how dysfunctional our Congress is, but the fact that our
representatives will not even respond to a phone call or letter speaks volumes
about how they actually view us. The only time our voices can truly be heard is
election time, and once again we have that golden opportunity to "throw the bums
out!"

It doesn't matter what political party you belong to. When elected
representatives become so comfortable that they ignore their constituents (as
they have done me), then it's time to send them a clear message. Rep. Brian
Higgins is the perfect example of a politician's politician - one who is looking
out only for himself.

For all the years he has been in Congress, President Obama doesn't even know who
he is, confusing him with the mayor of Buffalo. If Higgins is not recognized by
his own (Democratic Party) president, then it's no wonder we are not represented
properly. Let's give someone else the same opportunity to adequately represent
us.

John Lincoln

West Seneca

Teachers' health insurance is different in each district

I am a recently retired teacher and I would like to respond to the letter
regarding the NYSUT mailer and ads against Sen. Mark Grisanti. Like the writer,
I feel that these ads and mailers are inappropriate. During the time I was
teaching, I stopped contributing to VOTE-COPE because I felt the money was
sometimes supporting candidates I did not agree with on issues other than
education, and I could not in good conscience support them.

But I would like to clear up a misconception that the writer and others in the
past have expressed in Everybody's Column.  All teachers in New York State do
not have the same health insurance plans. Your health insurance is determined by
your individual district in negotiations with your local union. Therefore, not
every teacher has an elective surgery rider or lifetime health insurance, as is
so often assumed. For instance, I taught for 40 years in the same district in
Western New York, and I do not have either of these benefits.

Kathleen Schmitt

Middleport

SAFE Act should have had 'grandfathering' provisions

In the days since enactment of the NY SAFE Act, talking to whomever I can about
it, no one seems to know that this act threatens large numbers of New Yorkers
with major criminal charges and penalties for something that was legal months
ago.

The New York leaders responsible had to know that they were overriding
common-law protections for citizens in the state and U.S. constitutions. Earlier
bans in the '80s and '90s avoided violating the right to not be prosecuted for
something made illegal after the fact with "grandfathering" provisions. The
governor and company, having their proverbial ducks in a row, got what they
wanted, till they go for more. The fact that New Yorkers don't know about this
certainly prevents many from feeling something may be amiss in it.

Since the days of my youth, when firearm pursuits were seen as mainstream,
wholesome activities, much has been done to marginalize law-abiding gun owners
and sellers. Could the fact that lots of them fall on the same side politically
be a reason? What better way to marginalize people than to criminalize them?
These guys throw the word "extreme" around pretty freely - the only part of this
that's funny at all.

Dan Hoffman

Buffalo

State already spends a fortune on schools

Let's get an accounting before money is borrowed, as proposed by the Smart
Schools Bond Act. Western New Yorkers pay some of the highest school taxes in
the nation. Why? Tell us where the money is going.

All local schools need to post in The Buffalo News the money they receive and
list where it is being spent. We need to be able to see in print all school
revenue, including the revenue that the lottery is generating. I am betting if
these numbers were posted, we would find school administrators and teachers
receive the bulk of the money in salaries, benefits and retirement for teachers.

No wonder there are no funds for new schools, Internet service, laptops and
high-tech items to assist our students into the future.

Jules Krieger

Lockport

Some are going too far with gory decorations

When I think of Halloween, I imagine pumpkin carving, trick-or-treaters and
going to haunted houses. I enjoy walking down my street and observing how the
houses have been decorated. I have been noticing more and more shocking
decorations that are making me not want to take my 6-year-old son
trick-or-treating anymore.

Some people have gone way too far. Setting up gory scenes with manikins covered
in blood and dead bodies scattered around the lawn with missing limbs is
something that should be seen at Fright World or the Haunted Catacombs. One of
the houses I saw had a doll that was hung from a tree and baby dolls spread
throughout the lawn covered in blood. It reminded me of a scene from a horror
movie. If movies have restrictions on their audience, then there should be some
rules set by the town that Halloween decorations cannot be R-rated either. It's
great that people are so passionate about Halloween, but they need to be a
little more conscious of the young trick-or-treaters.

Not to discourage anyone who loves decorating for Halloween, but realize that
most trick-or-treaters are minors under the age of 18. If their parents allow
them to go to a haunted house, then they can receive their spine-chilling
experience there.

Janeta Kambourova

Depew

LOAD-DATE: October 31, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2014 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              98 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The New Nation (Bangladesh)

                            February 29, 2016 Monday

Trump playing the fear of terrorism card

LENGTH: 902 words

DATELINE: Dhaka


Dhaka, Feb. 29 -- The latitude of Donald Trump's popularity has proliferated to
every demographic, as was demonstrated by the Republican caucus in Nevada. Trump
has managed to even defeat Ted Cruz among evangelicals. He has permeated into
every type of conservative group, from very conservative to moderately
conservative.

Many believe that Trump is not responsible for enticing the masses who support
him with his racist, condescending rhetoric. Their view is that the racism
already existed within his followers and that Trump is merely voicing their
inner thoughts. This is an oversimplification of a much more serious problem:
the fact that Trump is actually legitimizing their hatred as a potential
leader.We may perceive the demographic of Donald Trump's supporters as mostly
white, poor and undereducated. However, a recent poll under the University of
Massachusetts Amherst found that the most statistically significant factors
contributing to what defines a Trump supporter are the fear of terrorism and
authoritarianism. The fear of terrorism is quite a given among supporters of a
candidate who has based a significant portion of his ideologies on the hatred
and fear of "the others". Trump's pledge to ban all Muslims from entering the
United States (even US citizens), is undoubtedly deeply rooted in inciting fear
among his followers. It is based on the premise that all Muslims are terrorists
and not worthy of entering US soil.Unfortunately, Trump's xenophobia does not
stop here. What about the 3.3 million Muslims already living in the US? Many of
them serve in the US armed forces, public office, medicine, law, etc. Well,
Trump has also devised a plan to penalize and marginalize them. His plan is to
issue badges to all Muslims in order to identify them. Sound reminiscent of one
of the most atrocious crimes in history? Incidentally, Trump is very often
compared to Adolf Hitler. Moreover, the former Klu Klux Klan Grand Wizard urges
their followers to vote for Trump to protect the legacy of racism. Let's think
about these facts very carefully. Trump also pledges to have a database to track
all Muslims. He also states that he will have "absolutely no choice but to close
down some mosques where "some bad things are happening." He curiously gives no
elaborations, though, but then that is typical of him. He even went so far as to
criticize President Obama for visiting a mosque to demonstrate his support of
the Muslim community, saying that maybe the President feels comfortable there.
We all understand Trump's insinuations but the real question is: had President
Obama felt more comfortable in a mosque, would that be illegal, immoral or
unconstitutional?Sadly, Donald Trump's scorn does not stop there. Another
community who has been the object of it is the Mexicans. Wanting to build a wall
on the US-Mexico border to keep them from entering the United States and
referring to all Mexicans as rapists obviously makes his critics conjur up the
image of a racist, sexist, xenophobic demagogue.Reverting back to the
authoritarian characteristics of Trump's followers, it is quite clear why this
would be a common trait in them. By definition, authoritarians obey. They rally
to and follow strong leaders. They also have aggressive reactions to outsiders,
especially when they feel threatened.Donald Trump is decidedly making his
authoritarian inclinations evident promising to "Make America great again". His
plans for the US-Mexican border wall, closing mosques, banning Muslims from
entering the United States and deporting 11 million illegal immigrants, even
those who have had children born on US soil are hardly characteristic of what
truly makes America great. Trump has figured out that inciting fear of others is
a commonly used technique in the political chess game and one that is
particularly fruitful for fascist gains.Donald Trump's candidacy for President
may have seemed amusing to many - .the billionaire who wants to be president,
saying whatever pops into his mind and zipping in and out of political rallies
on his private jet. This variety show was unfortunately not short-lived. His
victories in the South Carolina and New Hampshire primaries and the Nevada
caucus are a jolting reminder that Trump may actually win the Republican
nomination for president, placing him frighteningly much closer to winning the
general election and the presidency.It is of utmost importance at this point in
time to be conscious of the fact that Donald Trump's ideologies, rhetoric and
proposals are not in the least bit humorous and actually never were. They are
menacing, not only within the United States but globally. To take things even
further, in January of this year, a YouGov/Economist poll revealed that nearly
20% of Trump's supporters disapprove of President Lincoln freeing slaves. Very
curious for supporters of a candidate running for office representing "the party
of Lincoln."From all that has been seen and heard of Donald Trump thus far, his
goal is the instigation to divide, polarize and marginalize, all points which
are counterproductive to good leadership."Make America great again" has never
been further from the truth as it is with regards to Donald Trump.

Published by HT Syndication with permission from The New Nation. For any query
with respect to this article or any other content requirement, please contact
Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 The New Nation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              99 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                              June 25, 2007 Monday
                                  City Edition

Letters to the editor

SECTION: B; Pg. 5

LENGTH: 1239 words

DATELINE: Lincoln, NE


SURVIVING LINCOLN'S ROADS

In response to the latest release from the Vatican ("Vatican's Road Rules," LJS,
June 20), I have drafted Lincoln's Road Rules so that the Lincoln drivers can
make all of our driving experiences better.  These rules are, in part, an
interpretation of the Vatican's Road Rules as applied to Lincoln.

Lincoln's Road Rules

1. You shall not kill.  Being stuck on a street with one lane each way isn't the
fault of the driver in front of you, it's the Lincoln planners' fault for not
widening the roads.

2. The roads shall be for you a means of communication between you.  So talk to
your fellow motorist stuck at every single intersection like you about how much
you love the way Lincoln's traffic lights are not timed correctly.

3. Courtesy, uprightness and prudence mean driving the speed limit - not 15 mph
below the speed limit.

4. Be charitable and help your neighbor.  They too are spending 30 minutes just
to travel from the north to south end of Lincoln.  Even bigger cities take less
time than that.

5. Try to make your car an expression of power and domination by passing
someone.  It won't happen because our streets aren't wide enough for you to even
try.

6. Charitably convince the not-so-young not to drive (period).

7. Support the families that move out of Lincoln: It's less people on the road.

8. Bring guilty motorists to court; you're really not going to forgive them
anyways.

9. On the road, protect the more vulnerable party: you.  Realize that Lincoln is
a town of stagnation and will never be willing to fix its roads.

10. Don't feel responsible for not being able to change the roads in Lincoln.
Lincoln planners had a chance to have an interstate in the city but declined.

Ryan Penke, Lincoln

BUSH'S MORALITY DUBIOUS

On June 20, the president vetoed the bill passed by Congress authorizing the use
of embryonic stem cells for research.  Most of these stem cells would come from
fertility clinics where the embryos were destined to be destroyed.

In exercising his veto power, he once again claimed the ethical high ground.  He
doesn't seem to grasp the fact that his action vetoed the hopes of millions of
Americans who suffer from diseases and injuries for which stem cells hold great
promise.  He staunchly presents himself as pro-life.

On the other side, he seems to have no trouble with the slaughter of a half
million Iraqis and thousands of American service men and women in a war that
cannot be ethically or morally defended.  But, here again, the president claims
the moral high ground.

Can he have it both ways?  Can you, on one hand, authorize actions that cause
the death of thousands and thousands of people in a foreign land and at the same
time shatter the hopes of people in this country whose lives could be
dramatically improved through the research of using embryonic stem cells?

This is the type of convoluted logic that you get from someone who came to the
highest office in the land by a minority vote of the citizens of this country
and who came to this office lacking the background and intellectual capacity to
deal with complex issues.  History may very well record the Bush administration
as the dark ages in American political history.

Jack Wood, Lincoln

SOME SOUL SEARCHING

In an article on stem cell research ethics appearing June 19, Greg Schleppenbach
accuses me of religious bigotry. "The other side tries to marginalize us as
pushing our religious views on society," Schleppenbach said. "That's just bogus.
We never refer to it (the embryo) as a soul."

This comment is demonstrably false. For at least the first two years of its
existence, the Vision and Purpose page of the Nebraska Coalition for Ethical
Research Web site included the following definitions copied from a download of
the Web page as it existed in January 2004.

"Human life is a gift from God who breathes a soul into every human being at its
single-cell stage.

The human being is, at once, body and spirit. Therefore, any external
intervention on the human body is an intervention on the entire human being."

A review of their current Web site (http://ethicalresearch.net/whoAreWe.cfm)
reveals that they have since deleted these points. The two "definitions" deleted
happen to be verbatim from the Catechism of the Catholic Church.

Greg Schleppenbach is the incorporator of record for NCER and was intimately
involved with the organization from its beginnings. It strains credibility that
the director of pro-life activities for the Nebraska Catholic Conference
disclaims any religious underpinnings to NCER's opposition to embryonic stem
cell research when the record so clearly indicates otherwise.

Noting the real issues surrounding religion and government raised by the
philosophical and theological aspects of the arguments in the debate over
embryonic stem cell research marginalizes no one.  These are serious and
substantive considerations that should be considered in making public policy in
this area.

Sanford M. Goodman, Omaha

DAY OF REST IN OUR ROOTS

I agree with the praise and points shared by Thomas L. Bodensteiner in his
recent letter, "Sunday is a day of rest." A majority of the settlers of the New
World (United States) were Europeans fleeing religious persecution by government
and the Roman Catholic Church. They simply desired to worship their God,  in
their way.

Our founding fathers strongly believed in religious freedom. God was part and
parcel to many aspects of the establishment of the U.S.A. Look at our money,
First Amendment to the Constitution, Pledge of Allegiance and national songs.

A point of clarification on the day of rest, or Sabbath, as it's referred to in
the Bible. Saturday is the biblical Sabbath, the day of rest and worship, not
Sunday. The Fourth Commandment (Exodus 20:8) refers to the seventh day of the
week. Sabbath means the seventh day of the week in 105 languages. God blessed
the seventh day and rested on it at the end of creation (Genesis 2:3). Christ,
the Twelve Apostles and the original Christian church kept the Sabbath, not
Sunday, as the day of rest and worship.

The Roman Catholic Church changed the solemnity of Saturday to Sunday. There are
numerous Catholic documents that record this change, that it's not biblical nor
directed by God or Christ, and they did it by their own authority.

Douglas J. Bauch, Lincoln

WHY STICK WITH BUSH?

Something has been bothering me. As of June 2007 I'm still seeing vehicles
driving around Lincoln with various stickers showing support for George W. Bush:
victory stickers, old campaign stickers, etc.

This confounds me to no end, but I think I can offer up some possible reasons
for this, and more importantly, solutions.

Maybe you don't know it's there! Perhaps you forgot all about it, or maybe
you've been victimized by pesky teenage vandals.

If at any time you've had a GWBush sticker on your car, quick!, check and make
sure your vehicle actually reflects your current political views. You can thank
me later.

Another reason I can think of for you to still be tooling around town with a
GWBush sticker is that you still support our president.

I've thought long and hard about this and I honestly can't come up with a
solution to this problem. Besides, instead of reading the newspaper you're
probably out tending your pixie-dust garden, or maybe rounding up your herd of
unicorns. I bet that's hard work.

Best of luck in the future to you and yours, and to me as well. We're going to
need it.

Daniel W. Jenkins, Lincoln

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Lincoln Journal Star,
                              All Rights Reserved


                              100 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           September 28, 2007 Friday
                                Suburban Edition

An Ode to America's Spiritual Frontier

BYLINE: Ann Hornaday; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. C01

LENGTH: 1112 words


Sean Penn sings a powerful and poetic hymn to America with "Into the Wild," his
sweeping, sensitive and deeply affecting adaptation of Jon Krakauer's
best-selling book.

When the book was published in 1996, it became an instant classic of American
literary nonfiction, at once heir to the adventure writing of Jack London and
Rockwell Kent and such generational touchstones as "On the Road" and "Zen and
the Art of Motorcycle Maintenance." Penn, who wrote and directed the screen
version of "Into the Wild," has preserved the book's most iconic, even mystical
values, while carefully whittling away Krakauer's multilayered narrative to
focus on its confounding protagonist: Chris McCandless, the 24-year-old  recent
college graduate who in 1992, after two years of tramping through the American
West, embarked on a 113-day sojourn in the Alaska backcountry that ended in his
death.

Emile Hirsch, whom filmgoers have come to know through accomplished performances
in "Lords of Dogtown" and "Alpha Dog," plays McCandless, putting himself through
the kind of punishing physical challenges and transformations Robert De Niro has
made famous. With this impressive performance, he vaults into an entirely higher
league of acting, dominating the screen in a role that demands a carefully
calibrated combination of innocence and guile. A complex character who was as
elusive in life as he was polarizing in death, McCandless was many things:
brilliant, naive, selfish, compassionate, brave but also foolish, manipulative
and brutally honest.

Hirsch captures and embodies all of these qualities as he leads viewers through
the final years of McCandless's life, years that started with a sudden,
unexplained leave-taking of his  Annandale family. He proceeded to reconstitute
both his own identity and the notion of family, accumulating friends and, the
movies suggests, spiritual wisdom on a journey that wended from Atlanta to
Arizona to South Dakota to California, and finally to Alaska's Stampede Trail.

With McCandless (who called himself "Alexander Supertramp") in nearly every
scene of "Into the Wild," Penn has succeeded in his first and most important
job, which was casting the right actor. But just as crucial was to convey
McCandless's world on screen, from the dizzying number of quintessentially
American places he visited to what his family, Krakauer and Penn have speculated
to be the state of his interior life. It's these details, both explicit and
ineffable, that Penn has nailed to almost eerie perfection.

He reportedly took pains to film in 35 actual locations that McCandless went to.
Such authenticity shows. "Into the Wild" pulses with the energy of a breakneck
road trip through America. Particularly resonant are scenes in Slab City, a
community of cheerful refuseniks in California, and earlier sequences in South
Dakota, where McCandless hooked up with a grain thresher named Wayne Westerberg.
Westerberg, played by Vince Vaughn in a performance devoid of his fast-talking
comic mannerisms, came to become something of a brother figure to McCandless,
whose letters back to South Dakota Penn reproduces with handwritten scrawls
across the screen.

Those visual flourishes, as well as the occasional split screen and a haunting
scene of a road-hardened McCandless confronting his imagined alter-ego in the
window of a downtown Los Angeles bar, are deployed by Penn with unfussy,
unforced assurance; even the book's fans will no doubt see the wisdom of his
artistic liberties, including his addition of a narration from McCandless's
sister, Carine (Jena Malone), who gives moral voice to those the prodigals leave
behind (she also provides crucial expository information).

Although Penn, as well as the legions of mostly young people who have been drawn
to McCandless's story of reinvention, clearly sympathizes with his protagonist,
he doesn't seek to deify him. When McCandless meets Ron Franz (Hal Holbrook)
just before leaving for Alaska, the first word out of his mouth is a lie (he
tells him he's from West Virginia).

Of such contradictions are the finest stories propelled, and Penn threads
filmgoers through McCandless's complicated physical and psychological
peregrinations with admirable clarity and tonal control. Like the book that
inspired it, "Into the Wild" is many things at once: a rapturous travelogue
through some of the country's most majestic locales; a rip-roaring tale of
derring-do (Hirsch performed his own stunts, including a perilous kayak trip
down Colorado River rapids); an inspiring story of uncompromising
self-discovery; a shattering story of loneliness and death; and finally a
serene, even ecstatic meditation on the meaning of love and, by extension, life
itself. If Penn has polarized audiences in his life off-screen, "Into the Wild"
presents a welcome opportunity for reconciliation. It has equal appeal to
viewers looking for an old-fashioned movie epic and those in search of a
smaller, more contemplative art film.

Perhaps the most moving aspect of "Into the Wild" is that, even though it
celebrates McCandless's determined search for his own morally rigorous brand of
integrity, it's really about community. Viewers are left not only with a vivid
impression of a fierce individualist, but with a wistful evocation of the
community he forged in his travels. In addition to Vaughn, Catherine Keener and
Brian Dierker deliver memorable portrayals of Jan Burres and her fictionalized
companion Rainey -- two "rubber tramps" (so called because they travel on
wheels). Most indelible of all is Holbrook as Franz, who in one of many
heartbreaking scenes  offers to adopt McCandless.

It's in these characters, and the vividly evoked habitats that help define them,
that "Into the Wild" becomes far more than the story of an idealistic, doomed
young man and instead turns into a portrait of an alternative America, that
scruffy, feisty frontier populated by outlaws and vagabonds and spiritual
seekers. More obliquely, it's a depiction of how America marginalizes those who
embody its most iconoclastic values, and how quickly and ruthlessly it
marginalizes its dharma bums and dropouts, its dissidents and disobedient sons.

It's a subject that Penn himself might know a bit about. But rather than a
social indictment, as might have been expected, he's used Krakauer's text and
his own tempestuous love affair with his country to create a lyrical ode to its
deepest capacity for redemption. "Into the Wild" is a big, beautiful picture,
all the more so for inviting everyone, regardless of political position or
philosophical bent, to see themselves.

Into the Wild (140 minutes, at area theaters) is rated R for profanity and some
nudity.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; By Chuck Zlotnick -- Paramount Vantage Via Associated Press;
Emile Hirsch as Chris McCandless performed many of his own stunts, including
kayaking down Colorado River rapids.
IMAGE; By Chuck Zlotnick -- Paramount Vantage Via Associated Press; Brian
Dierker and Catherine Keener play tramps who travel on wheels in "Into the
Wild."

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2007 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              101 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             October 7, 2005 Friday

LENGTH: 463 words


ST. CLARE OF ASSISI EPISCOPAL CHURCH, 6563 EAST AVE., RANCHO CUCAMONGA

Pastor: Father David Rude

Phone: [909] 899-9963

Sunday -8 and 10 a.m.

Sunday school-kindergarten through fifth grade - 10 a.m.

Sunday school-children in sixth grade and older and adults 9 a.m.

Recently I was working in our gardens which are plagued by moles. I noticed one
of their holes and shoved a hose down it. Soon a half-drowned mole came
scurrying out, lay on it's back and looked up at me with terror in it's eyes.
That look got to me. Though I'm furious with what his kind do to our lawns I
couldn't kill him. I tried to push him away, make him run. His fright only
worsened and he wouldn't move. Author Carl Sagan wrote, "It's hard to kill a
creature once it lets you see it's consciousness."

I recently visited a group-therapy session for people and their loved-ones who
struggle with addictions. There were some who I would have ignored in the past
or marginalized in my mind but who effectively demonstrated their consciousness.
Many were amazingly articulate in sharing their experiences. What pain and fear
some carried, shattered hopes and dreams, enormous disappointments. They were
like me!

Governments use this principle when they wish to wage war. They de-humanize the
enemy through name-calling like "slant-eyes" in World War II or more currently,
"ragheads."

No one can be expected to kill anyone who is "like us." People went to great
lengths during slavery days to prove that the Negro was not really human. They
had to or they couldn't live with themselves.

The Bible says the greatest commandment is to love God and that the way you do
that is by loving your neighbor. Not easy to do. But if you have any interest in
attaining this goal I suggest it begins with knowing thy neighbor.

This is what Christianity has been doing the last 30 years in the debate on
human sexuality. This is what we are doing when we dialogue with Muslims,
Buddhists, Hindus and, yes, Roman Catholics. We no longer marginalize them by
calling them Papists and the Pope is no longer "the anti-Christ."

When I was young, long before blonde jokes, any jokes about dumbness were
ascribed to Polish people. But the minute Pope John Paul ascended to the throne
of Peter, they miraculously stopped. Well, not so miraculously according to
Carl. We just got to know a Pole and through him, the Polish people. Who are the
people that you marginalize?

Who do you dismiss out of hand?

Are there those you take no notice of at all? Take the time to get to know these
people. See what's in their hearts. Learn of their pain and suffering and of
their hopes and dreams. See? They really do have souls! You will find yourself
one step closer to growing into the fullness and stature of Christ!

LOAD-DATE: October 8, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 MediaNews Group, Inc.


                              102 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 30, 2011 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

The seasonof smearing Obama

BYLINE: Colbert I. King

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A15

LENGTH: 789 words


During Holy Week, President Obama, for the second consecutive year, gathered
several Christian clergy at the White House for an Easter Prayer Breakfast
during which he talked about his faith and the resurrection. He mentioned Easter
in his Saturday radio address. On Easter Sunday morning, the president and his
family attended services at Shiloh Baptist Church in Washington.

The next day, Foxnews.com charged Obama with failing to recognize "the national
observance of Easter Sunday, Christianity's most sacred holiday." Two days
later, Steve Doocy, host of Fox News' "Fox and Friends," invited Robert
Jeffress, a conservative Baptist minister in Dallas, on the show and asked him
"what do you think" about why Obama has never issued an Easter proclamation.

Given the opportunity for a gratuitous smear, Jeffress didn't waste a second:
"Steve, let's look at what's really going on here. On the one hand, we have a
president who never met a Muslim holiday he didn't like or at least wasn't
willing to issue a proclamation for, and on the other hand, here he is refusing
to acknowledge, publicly, the most important event in Christian faith . . . and
yet the White House is wondering, why do 20 percent of Americans believe the
president is a Muslim?"

It seemed not to matter to Doocy to mention that no president in the past 20
yearshas issued an Easter proclamation. Doocy also didn't acknowledge the
president's annual Easter Prayer Breakfast with clergy, though he alluded to
Obama making "some comments last week regarding Easter at a breakfast."

The charge that Obama shortchanged Easter was false. By suggesting Obama had
snubbed Christianity and that he might be a closet Muslim, Fox handed its
largely conservative audience yet another reason to hate the president.

The quest from the right to degrade Obama knows no bounds.

I'm looking at a photo with the faces of three chimpanzeesimposed on the bodies
of a man, woman and child. The baby chimp's face is covered with Obama's
picture. It was e-mailed in California this month with the message: "Now you
know why - no birth certificate!"

The sender was Marilyn Davenport, an elected member of the Orange County
Republican Central Committee, who thought her GOP colleagues would also get a
kick out of seeing the president of the United States depicted as the offspring
of chimpanzees.

"I simply found it amusing regarding the character of Obama and all the
questions surrounding his origins of birth," Davenport said in a written
statement. "In no way did I even consider the fact that he's half black when I
sent out the email."

Davenport has since apologized, after coming under fire from civil rights groups
and some local Republican leaders. But she's still on the Orange County GOP
Central Committee.

Why, come to think of it, should Davenport give up her official Republican
position? She's in good company. A CNN/Opinion Research pollconducted in August
showed that 41 percent of Republicans believe Obama was "probably" or
"definitely" born in another country. Even after Obama released his "long
form"birth certificate this week, "birthers" - and political hustlers who cater
to them - still cling to the "Obama is not one of us" smear.

I happen to think it was beneath Obama to respond to the "birthers," most of all
chief accuser Donald Trump, a rich, thrice-marriedâ[#x2c6][#x161] New York
show-off who got his start in business with daddy's money and managed, through
the successful operation of casinos, to get himself inducted in the Gaming Hall
of Fame in 2005.

It's sickening that false claims about Obama's place of birth and his religion
have been made, fanned and believed without any evidence. Sad, too, that despite
all evidence to the contrary, 34 percent of conservative Republicans, according
to a Pew Research Center poll last August, believe Obama is a Muslim. The
percentage had risen 16 points since 2009.

What's behind all this? Why the relentless lies about Obama?

It is, simply put, a crusade to bring him down.

Make Obama out to be the "outsider" who doesn't belong where he is. Vilify him
as a  cheat who, knowing he was ineligible to run for president, intentionally
violated the Constitution and defrauded the American people. Marginalize him!

Marginalize his Ivy League education and Harvard Law Review presidency. Devalue
his degrees with slurs. Insinuate that merit had nothing to do with his
achievements. Accuse him of lying about his religion. Repeat over and over that
he's a socialist bent on destroying free enterprise.

Charge him with being weak. If that won't do, denounce him as headstrong and
arrogant.

But above all else, brand him unqualified and in over his head. Yeah, that's the
one. It always works. That'll get him out of there.

kingc@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              103 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            August 30, 1994, Tuesday

HER HEALTH Abortion-rights activists ready for health-care fight

BYLINE: by Leslie Laurence

SECTION: HEALTH WATCH; Section F; Page 7

LENGTH: 734 words


Unlike most gynecologists, Dr. Joseph Booker shows up for work carrying a gun, a
bulletproof vest bulging under his button-down shirt. Armed U.S. marshals
shuttle him from his offices in Gulfport, Miss., where he has a private
practice, to the New Woman Medical Center in Jackson, where he performs most of
the state's abortions.

As Mississippi's only full-time abortion provider, Booker, an African-American,
has been the target of death threats and racial slurs. In mid-August, he was the
focus of a weeklong protest by the American Coalition of Life Activists. The
issue is not simply to get Booker to quit. "The issue," according to the group's
brochure, "is 'Can I help create an environment which makes no one want to take
his place once he does quit?' "

In the wake of the recent killings of abortion doctor John Britton and clinic
escort James Barrett in Pensacola, Fla., has come a new wave of threats against
doctors and clinic staff. The goal of these anti- abortion activists, says James
Wagoner of the National Abortion Rights Action League (NARAL), "is to terrorize
women and physicians at health clinics and marginalize the abortion procedure
through health-care reform so that abortion becomes a right in name only."

In many parts of the country that is already the case. In 37 states, Medicaid
does not cover most abortions, effectively denying the service to low-income
women. As a result, Mississippi, with its predominantly poor rural population
and some of the most restrictive abortion laws on the books, "has the highest
percentage of starving children of any state in the nation," says Gail Chadwick
of Pro-Choice Mississippi, a Jackson- based abortion-rights group. "Legislators
can't make the connection between the lack of family planning and the social
problems we experience here."

Even those women who can afford the procedure may have difficulty finding a
doctor to perform it. More than 80 percent of the nation's counties have no
abortion providers, partly because of a lack of physician training. Only 12
percent of the nation's medical schools require abortion training as part of an
ob-gyn residency, and nearly one- third offer no abortion training.

Although most of the 25,000 or so members of the American College of
Obstetricians and Gynecologists say they favor abortion rights, few are willing
to perform abortions. Not only does the procedure pay poorly, but most abortions
take place in clinic settings, making providers easy targets of harassment and
violence.

In an attempt to make abortion more widely available, Planned Parenthood of New
York City has instituted a training program for physicians. And the American
Medical Women's Association is developing a model curriculum on reproductive
health, to be introduced to medical schools throughout the country, that will
cover abortion training.

Two drugs under study also promise to alter the debate over abortion. If the
so-called abortion pill, RU-486, and the anti-cancer agent methotrexate - the
subject of a large multicenter trial - are approved, they could conceivably be
administered in the privacy of the doctor's office.

In the meantime, abortion-rights groups are fighting to keep abortion in the
health-care reform package by stressing that it is not a new benefit. Indeed,
two-thirds of fee-for-service insurance plans and 70 percent of health
maintenance organizations cover the procedure, according to a study by the
nonprofit Alan Guttmacher Institute. What's more, a recent NARAL poll found that
72 percent of Americans favor covering abortions that are appropriate or
medically necessary.

"It's more important now than ever that abortion is included," says Eleanor
Smeal, president of the Feminist Majority Foundation. "We can't afford to
marginalize the service anymore. It's why these doctors are targets."

"People have lost sight of the fact that abortion is a women's health issue, and
it should stay a women's health issue," says Pamela Maraldo, president of the
Planned Parenthood Federation of America. "We want to make sure that Congress
continues to hear that women's health is not up for grabs."

Dr. Booker agrees. "He remembers what it was like before Roe v. Wade," Chadwick
says. "Women who tried to self-induce abortions came in with 104-degree
temperatures, severe infections and perforations of the bowels. He's determined
not to let that happen again."

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH942440052

                    Copyright 1994 The Atlanta Constitution


                              104 of 999 DOCUMENTS



            The Daily Mercury and Rural Weekly (Mackay, Queensland)

                             May 14, 2014 Wednesday

SECTION: Pg. 36

LENGTH: 1389  words

Racing

MACKAY

Track: Good (3)

Race 1 - TELSTRA BUSINESS CENTRE (C6) 1300m: 2.50 fav SHORT TRIP (ch g 6y Good
Journey (USA) - Compactus. Trainer: W N Pomfrett) 58 cd 55 (Ms K Aho) 1, 5.00
DICHOTOMY 54 cd 52 (Sairyn Fawke) 2, 3.50 OSCARMANIA 54.5 (F Edwards) 3.

Others: 17.00 Kanskje 6.00 Choirs last. Scr: Street Singer.

Won by 1/2 len, 1-3/4 len. 1:17.09. (Last 600m 34.64).

TAB Nos: 1 Short Trip $2.40 $1.50 4 Dichotomy $1.90 3 Oscarmania NTD. Q: $6.20.
E: $9.10. T: $26.40. FIRST 4: (1 4 3 5): $58.00. Scr: 6L.

Race 2 - TFH HIRE SERVICES MDN HCP 1200m: 5.00 ROCKET OF RANSOM (gr f 3y Red
Ransom (USA) - Eldaana (GB). Trainer: J H Manzelmann) 54 (D Simmons) 1, 3.00 fav
AZZURAYER 58 (C Whiteley) 2, 11.00 BUENA VIDA 59 (Ms T Bannon) 3.

Others: 12.00 Supreme Rocket 17.00 Craiglea Opal 4.00 Alpine Gold 11.00 North
Spur 13.00 Chester Rocket last. Scr: Craiglea Midget.

Won by sht 1/2 hd, 1-3/4 len. 1:12.29. (Last 600m 36.34).

TAB Nos: 9 Rocket Of Ransom $5.30 $1.50 2 Azzurayer $1.70 1 Buena Vida $2.60. Q:
$6.20. E: $22.30. T: $63.00. A2: 2-9 $2.50, 1-9 $9.10, 1-2 $4.60. FIRST 4: (9 2
1 7): $227.40. Scr: 6.

Race 3 - AJK CONTRACTING MDN HCP 1100m: 6.00 MARGINALIZE (gr f 3y Parameter -
O'Tonda (NZ). Trainer: J H Manzelmann) 56 (Ms T Bannon) 1, 4.00 CHARGALUCCA 57.5
cd 55.5 (Sairyn Fawke) 2, 12.00 IT'S LUNA CI 59 cd 56 (Ms K Aho) 3.

Others: 2.50 fav Exstratum 5.00 Itwasadud 13.00 She's The Goods 17.00 Mishani
Trader 71.00 Outback Waytin last. Scr: Peel'em First.

Won by 2-1/4 len, 3/4 len. 1:04.92. (Last 600m 34.81).

TAB Nos: 7 Marginalize $6.90 $1.90 4 Chargalucca $1.50 2 It's Luna Ci $2.40. Q:
$9.40. E: $27.70. T: $157.40. A2: 4-7 $3.50, 2-7 $7.20, 2-4 $7.20. FIRST 4: (7 4
2 1): $281.60. Scr: 6L.

Race 4 - L.J. HOOKER MACKAY (BM75) 1100m: 3.40 fav TAN TAT ALPHA (b g 5y
Elvstroem - Tan Tat Star. Trainer: D J Durand) 54 (Ms T Bannon) 1, 5.50
HOLDONTOYAHORSES 54.5 cd 53 (Beau Appo) 2, 7.00 ANDTHEBANDPLAYEDON 54.5 cd 52.5
(Sairyn Fawke) 3.

Others: 8.00 Jam Fancy 7.00 Stormwood 8.00 Bleaching 11.00 Tyson Rules 8.00 So
Pretentious 13.00 Delzera last. All started.

Won by 1-1/2 len, 2 len. 1:04.27. (Last 600m 33.84).

TAB Nos: 7 Tan Tat Alpha $2.70 $1.40 6 Holdontoyahorses $2.30 5
Andthebandplayedon $2.60. Q: $8.50. E: $12.50. T: $100.50. A2: 6-7 $4.10, 5-7
$3.70, 5-6 $8.50. FIRST 4: (7 6 5 3): $907.80. All Started.

Race 5 - BROWN & BIRD (BM60) 1800m: 4.20 DODGE THE GREY (gr g 3y Wonderful World
- Rica Picante. Trainer: L A Wright) 60.5 cd 58.5 (Sairyn Fawke) 1, 5.00
REASONABEEL 56.5 (A Coome) 2, 3.20 fav SAVASHA 58.5 cd 55.5 (Ms K Aho) 3.

Others: 31.00 Baroque Star 21.00 Joph La Hae 21.00 Popnae 3.60 Zarada Angel 7.00
Skalatonic last. Scr: Click Up.

Won by 4-1/2 len, lg hd. 1:50.94. (Last 600m 36.16).

TAB Nos: 3 Dodge The Grey $3.70 $1.60 6 Reasonabeel $1.40 4 Savasha $1.40. Q:
$7.50. E: $15.80. T: $49.90. A2: 3-6 $3.00, 3-4 $2.20, 4-6 $4.10. FIRST 4: (3 6
4 9): $912.20. Scr: 2.

Race 6 - MARK KELLY PROPERTY (BM75) 1560m: 7.00 MISTY ROCKET (br m 5y Hotel
Grand - African Mist. Trainer: J H Manzelmann) 59 (Ms T O'Hara) 1, 2.40 fav
WEATHERVANE 54 (Ms T Bannon) 2, 21.00 BENNY'S HALO 54 cd 52 (Sairyn Fawke) 3.

Others: 4.60 Ariadne 26.00 More More More 7.00 Pazzesco 17.00 Maggie's Pal 7.00
Damn Good Idea last. Scr: Chinrub.

Won by lg nk, 1-1/4 len. 1:35.96. (Last 600m 34.33).

TAB Nos: 3 Misty Rocket $6.00 $1.70 7 Weathervane $1.40 9 Benny's Halo $3.60. Q:
$6.90. E: $12.30. T: $191.40. A2: 3-7 $1.30, 3-9 $10.40, 7-9 $9.40. FIRST 4: (3
7 9 6): $363.00. Scr: 2.

Race 7 - WOOLLAM CONSTRUCTIONS HCP (C2) 1200m: 13.00 LATIN KING (b g 4y Oratorio
(IRE) - Queenie (NZ). Trainer: Alan Joseph Jones) 54 (C Mc Iver) 1, 11.00 VIKING
GOOD THING 57.5 (D Simmons) 2, 6.00 GRIZZLE 54 cd 51 (Ms K Aho) 3.

Others: 2.60 fav Tabasco Force 15.00 Oprah 9.00 Brother Bob 41.00 Al Samui 8.00
Her Eagle Eyes 12.00 Falvina 8.00 Sandbar Jack 12.00 Wrong Number last. Scr:
Dorsal Fin, Rum Ration.

Won by 1/2 len, lg hd. 1:10.56. (Last 600m 35.87).

TAB Nos: 11 Latin King $12.80 $2.90 2 Viking Good Thing $3.30 7 Grizzle $2.40.
Q: $76.90. E: $94.70. T: $995.10. A2: 2-11: $16.70, 7-11: $19.60, 2-7: $6.40.
FIRST 4: (11 2 7 1) $5,504.60. Scr: 6,13.

DAILY DOUBLE: 3 Misty Rocket 11 Latin King $63.20. Subs: 7,1.

EXTRA DOUBLE: 9 Rocket Of Ransom 7 Marginalize $13.10. Subs: 5,1.

TREBLE: 3 Dodge The Grey 3 Misty Rocket 11 Latin King $257.30. Subs: 4,7,1.

QUADDIE: 7 Tan Tat Alpha 3 Dodge The Grey 3 Misty Rocket 11 Latin King $738.70.
Subs: 7,4,7,1.

Lawn Bowls

Pioneer Valley

Saturday, 17th May

Pennant Bowls, Pioneer Valley v City, at Pioneer Valley, 1pm Start

D. Woodland, J. Smith, A. Grace, B. Kinnane

D. Kane, J. Morrow, K. Hamelink, J. Muscat

B. Pietzner, S. Roesler, G. Blackburn, M. Attard

Skips to ensure their team is ok to play.

Sunday, 18th May, 1pm start

Club Competition - A Singles

J. Muscat v winner of Attard / O'Leary game. Marker: Loser of Attard / O'Leary
game.

N. McCrae v A. Grace Marker: B. Cooper

B. Dodd v B. Kinnane Marker: J. Smith

R. Nash v Winner of Woodland / Blackburn game. Marker: Loser of Woodland /
Blackburn game

C. Harris v J. Morrow Marker: A. Matthews

Seaforth

Saturday 17th May Pennants Teams - 1.00pm Start

Div. 2 Away vs. North Mackay - Bus leaves club at 12noon

J. Robinson, K. Blackburn, P. Higham, N. Blucher

B. Millard, K. Schmidtke, M. Glew, R. Blucher

S. Metcalf, W. Wright, C. Tait, M. Stewart

Div. 5 at Home vs RSL

I. Swayn, P. Foot, R. Cameron, A. Olsen

B. Peters, F. Dalton, P. Hoogwerf, L. Goody

B. Kingman, W. Bampton, C. Walters, N. Carter

Souths Suburban

Tuesday: Mixed Triples. Wednesday: Men's Triples. Friday: Jackpot Pairs 2.00pm
start. Saturday: Social Bowls. Competition for Saturday, May 17, 9.15am start.
Open Singles: B.Bridger v R.Kurtz m G.Mulheron. M.Walsh v A.McKelvie. m
T.Flanagan (this game depends on M.Walsh's work commitments)Open Pairs:
D.O'Brien/P.Sies v R.Fry/A.Howard. Open Triples: A.Shaw, D.Dlackburn, B.Sampson.
v Gary, Steve & Peter Blackburn. B Pairs: S.Linden/D.Browning v
B.Currie/L.Rodgers B Fours: T.Kurtz, G.Osborne, J.McGuiness, R.Coad. v V.Moy,
S.Mulcahy, J.Clerc, L.Cameron. Competition for Sunday, May 18, 1pm start Open
Singles: Winner Bridger/Kurtz v Winner Walsh/McKelvie m Loser Bridger/KurtzOpen
Pairs: Winner Sies/Howard v S.Linden/D.Browning B Singles: B.Coulson v B.Currie
m L.NewtonSenior Singles: D.O'Brien v J.King m A.Cooney. Raffle Roster: P.Sies

North Mackay

Pennant Teams 2014:

Division 1 Round 3: North Mackay v Proserpine - Saturday, May 17, 1pm at
Proserpine

Skips arrange cars leaving club at 11.15am Manager: J Chester-Master

Skips: I Nash J Heath S McGuiness Thirds: B Cooper W Corbett W Olsen Seconds: L
McDermott G Simmons K Wedel Leads: M Weiske J Chester-Master P Horsburgh

Division 2 Round 3: North Mackay v Seaforth - Saturday, May 17, 1pm at North
Mackay - Manager: A Williams

Skips: G Foster P Grant I Goodwin Thirds: R McCarthy B Dennien L Evans Seconds:
J Priest R Head P Goldston Leads: J Stronach G Royes A Williams

Division 3 Round 3: North Mackay v Suburban - Saturday May, 17, 1pm at Suburban
- Manager: T Cave

Skips: A Cameron J Laws I McDonald Thirds: B Menzies V Munroe T Cave Seconds: G
Reed G Veivers P Senini Leads: W O'Brien D Peet A Offield

Mackay City

Competition for Sunday, May 18, 9am start

Open Singles: S Cassidy V S Alldridge (M) G Thomsen.

B Grade Singles: A Costello V S Faux (M) J Jorgensen.

B Grade Pairs: D Wootton/E Wells V S Green/G Kingston.

Sunday, May 18, 1.15pm start.

Open fours: B Paskins/I Haugh/B Robertson/J Bowling V T Gill/S Alldridge/J
Juhas/K Alldridge.

E Costello/D Wootton/L Beradi/A Costello V A Earl/S Dolan/A Gibson/T Connor.

Pennant teams for Saturday: Division 1.Play Suburban at Suburban 1:00 Start. Bus
leaves club at 12:45 PM.

Team 1. J Etwell/N Graves/R Blanchard/N Wilson. Team 2. A Gibson/B Paskins/P
Molloy/T Connor.

Team 3. G Edmonds/G Jolly/N Brand/R Dunstan.

Sunday, May 18, 9am start. Play Sarina at Home.

Team 1. G Jolly/N Graves/R Blanchard/N Wilson.

Team 2. A Gibson/B Paskins/P Molloy/T Connor. Team 3. G Edmonds/G Peno/N Brand/R
Dunstan.

Division 4 Play Moranbah at Mackay 10am start.

Team 1. G Thomsen/M Boyd/B Robertson/J Bowling. Team 2. S Alldridge/S Cassidy/I
Haugh/K Alldridge.

Team 3. E Costello/S Dolan/W Pomfrett/G Peno.

Division 5 Suburban at Mackay 1:00 PM start. Team 1. J Kingston/G Wilson/A
Wicks/T Mayfield.

Team 2. L Beradi/S Faux/J Mundy/D Zunker. Team 3. J Jorgensen/M Coll/T Gill/S
Hansen.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: MDM


                    Copyright 2014 APN Newspapers Pty. Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              105 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Washington: North Carolina GOP Senate Candidate Thom Tillis Marginalizes
Minority Communities

LENGTH: 444  words

DATELINE: Washington


People for the American Way has issued the following news release:

In an interview recorded in September 2012, North Carolina Speaker of the House
and U.S. Senate candidate Thom Tillis compared the growing population of African
Americans and Latinos to a stagnant "traditional population of North Carolina
and the United States."

In an interview highlighted by Talking Points Memo, which first spotted the 2012
interview, a spokesman for Tillis claimed that "traditional North Carolinians
refers to North Carolinians who have been here for a few generations."

If you listen to the full context of Tillis' remarks, however, it is clear that
he was referring to the "traditional population" as a group distinct from the
"Latino population" and the "African American population."

Right Wing Watch points out that "traditional population" and "traditional
Americans" are frequently used by anti-immigrant extremists as euphemisms for
"white population." For instance, in The Social Contract, a journal founded by
an influential anti-immigrant leader, the term is used in a 2012 essay by Brenda
Walker when she says, "Traditional Americans are assailed by affirmative action
and benefits for illegal aliens, which are not available to citizens."

In speaking of the "traditional population," Tillis stands alongside people like
William Gheen, founder of anti-immigrant group Americans for Legal Immigration
PAC, who said that immigration reform would create a situation in which
"traditional Americans, like those who that have been here for hundreds of years
in descendancy, will no longer govern our own nation."

It is true that North Carolina's African American, Latino, and Asian American
populations are growing faster than its white population. For instance, the
Latino population in North Carolina grew by 111.1 percent from 2000 to 2010,
increasing from 4.7 percent of the population to 8.4 percent. Yet Tillis has
consistently worked to marginalize Latinos, by cutting spending on education,
opposing healthcare reform, and supporting a restrictive voter identification
law ironically called "VIVA." That's why People for the American Way is working
in North Carolina this year to make sure Latino voters know the threat posed by
Tillis' extreme agenda.

Last year PFAW's Spanish-language advertising helped spur turnout among Latinos
in Virginia's gubernatorial elections, and did the same in many 2012
battleground contests. As we look to the 2014 elections, Tillis' actions and
statements marginalizing the Latino community will represent a real challenge to
his standing in an increasingly powerful voting bloc.

For further information please visit: http://www.pfaw.org

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              106 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 26, 1992, Monday, Late Edition - Final

THE 1992 CAMPAIGN: News Analysis;
Handling Perot: A Very Delicate Affair
Parties Ponder a Rival of Surprising Strength

BYLINE: By ROBIN TONER,  Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A; Page 1; Column 3; National Desk

LENGTH: 1017 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Oct. 25


Ross Perot's climb in the polls, which shook the political terrain last week,
may be leveling off, strategists in the Clinton campaign say -- and certainly
hope. And some political professionals suggest that his remarkable accusations
this weekend of Republican dirty tricks could feed the voters' doubts about a
man criticized in the past as seeing conspiracies all around.

But the resurgence of the Perot candidacy has turned the endgame of this
campaign into a very delicate affair. Thus the campaign is ending as it began,
with strategists in both major parties trying to chart, quantify, defuse or turn
to their advantage the mercurial candidacy of Ross Perot.

Over the past week, both the Bush and Clinton camps have come to realize that
reports of Mr. Perot's political insignificance were premature. Unlike other
recent independent candidates, who were fading by this point in the race, Mr.
Perot had both a place in three Presidential debates and the money for major
television advertising. One question has come to loom over the two campaigns:
Can the Texan go beyond the 15 to 20 percent in the polls he had by week's end?

Part of the answer may be in the reaction to tonight's broadcast of the CBS
program "60 Minutes," in which Mr. Perot makes the accusations that he also made
in an interview in The Boston Herald today: that Republicans plotted to disrupt
his daughter's wedding and wiretap his office. Will the program resurrect the
damaging old image of "Inspector Perot," created during his campaign last
spring? Or will it make him appear as he wants to appear, as the feisty Texan
willing to defend hearth and home against politicians willing to do anything to
win?

So far, both campaigns have been wary of directly taking on Mr. Perot, and
running the risk of driving his supporters to the opposition's camp.  Moreover,
Mr. Perot's candidacy is a help to the Republicans in some states, primarily in
the Midwest, and a help to the Democrats in others, primarily in the South. This
means that their strategy and their approach to Mr. Perot must be carefully
calibrated and regionally focused.

There is a school of thought, held by some of Mr. Clinton's strategists, that
Mr. Perot may be a self-correcting problem. The debates and his advertising
blitz provided Mr. Perot with his own "convention bounce," this analysis goes,
but as the voters draw closer to Election Day their concerns will reassert
themselves.

Some Democrats argue that the recent round of polls showing a tightening race
will drive many voters back to Mr. Clinton because they do not want to
inadvertently elect Mr. Bush. Moreover, Mr. Perot's resurgence in the polls is
also ratcheting up the scrutiny by the press that proved so problematic to the
candidate last spring.

Stan Greenberg, poll taker for Mr. Clinton, said today: " '60 Minutes' is a very
widely watched show, and he is, after all, accusing the President of the United
States of organizing an assault on his daughter's wedding. Either he's going to
marginalize himself or the President is going to be embroiled in a controversy.
I think it's more likely he will marginalize himself."

Still, the Bush campaign was concerned enough about the charges to issue a long,
angry denial tonight.

The case for a Perot fade is largely premised on the historical dynamic that has
capped other third party and independent campaigns: the reluctance to throw away
a Presidential vote. Fred Steeper, the poll taker for Mr. Bush, said his surveys
showed that about half of Mr. Perot's supporters said they would shift to a
major party candidate if they believed that Mr. Perot had no chance of winning.

But what if Mr. Perot bounces up to the next plateau and is suddenly considered
an electable alternative? Mr. Steeper also notes that his polling shows that Mr.
Perot is a popular second choice. This possibility is what keeps the strategists
anxiously focused on the polls these days.

Mr. Perot has already been trying to defuse the "don't waste your vote"
argument, comparing it today to "stealing votes." And Steven J. Rosenstone, an
expert on third-party and independent candidacies at the University of Michigan,
cautioned today that there were important differences between Mr. Perot and past
independent candidates.

"The debates bestowed a certain legitimacy on him that his predecessors,
including George Wallace, had to struggle to get," Mr. Rosenstone said.  "I
would still bet on the side of him falling closer to 10 than rising to more than
20. But again, the thing that makes it so different is his ability to keep pace
with the major parties on resources."

Clinton strategists say that despite Mr. Perot's recent bounce, the Democrat's
commanding position in the Electoral College remains intact. He may have reduced
his lead in some states, they say, but the leads were so big to begin with that
he is not moving any state out of their column. At the same time, they say, he
is helping them in the South.

But national polls suggest that last week, at least, was a shaky period for Mr.
Clinton, who has led in this race since the Democratic convention. A Times
Mirror survey, which interviewed the same group of voters before and after the
debates, reported today that Mr. Perot's bump last week came more at the expense
of Mr. Clinton than of Mr. Bush. It also notes that the number of voters saying
they either support Mr. Perot or would consider voting for him rose from 29
percent to 38 percent during the debate period.

On the other hand, an ABC News poll released tonight showed Mr. Clinton
retaining a 10-point lead: the Democrat had the backing of 44 percent of the
likely voters, compared with 34 percent for Mr. Bush and 17 percent for Mr.
Perot. The survey, conducted Thursday through Saturday, had a margin of sampling
error of plus or minus 4 percentage points.

The Bush forces, still trying to solidify Republican base states and turn the
tide in enough of the battleground states to eke out the necessary 270 electoral
votes, is focusing on reclaiming the Republican voters now leaning toward Mr.
Perot.

LOAD-DATE: October 26, 1992

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: News Analysis

                   Copyright 1992 The New York Times Company


                              107 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Monterey County Herald (California)

                             May 13, 2010 Thursday

Editorial: Arizona marginalizes big part of population

BYLINE: The Monterey County Herald

SECTION: EDITORIALS

LENGTH: 524 words


One wonders what Arizona might do next. Ban Mexican food?

In its continuing search for simpler times, Arizona has now barred ethnic
studies programs that seemed designed for students of a particular race, that
promote resentment toward certain ethnic groups or that promote solidarity among
ethnic groups.

And, not coincidentally, the state is sending evaluators into
English-as-a-second-language classrooms to weed out Spanish-speaking teachers
whose accents are deemed to be too heavy. Really.

The ethnic studies bill, signed this week by Gov. Jan Brewer, had been promoted
for several years by the state school superintendent, Tom Horne, who argues that
Mexican-American studies classes such as those in Tucson's schools teach Latino
students that they are oppressed by white people.

"It's just like the old South, and it's long past time that we prohibited it,"
he said, somewhat cryptically.

We can hear the cheers from those who say good riddance to ethnic studies
without ever having picked up an ethnic studies text or talking to anyone who
has taken such a course. Some ethnic studies classes do, in fact, focus on
discrimination and accomplishments of ethnic groups that are not featured in
traditional texts. Arizona wants to cut those pages out of the ethnic studies
texts, or cover them with happy face stickers.

We haven't heard what Horne is going to do about the history courses and
textbooks that promote solidarity of white folks by focusing almost exclusively
on European and Western cultures to the near exclusion of Africa, Asia and Latin
America. Is the history of Western civilization an ethnic studies course that
promotes solidarity among certain ethnicities? As it is taught in many schools,
it is.

We also haven't heard yet how he plans to monitor classes for evidence of
inappropriate promotion. If ethnic studies teachers mention the Jim Crow laws,
or Arizona's new immigration rules, are they promoting resentment? How about
discussing the fate of Native Americans? Illegal now in Arizona's portion of the
Navajo Nation?

Meanwhile, in the language courses, Arizona wants to undo what it did in the
1990s when it recruited hundreds of Spanish-speaking teachers to upgrade its
bilingual-education program. Among the recruits were many native-Spanish
speakers from Latin America.

In 2000, however, Arizona's voters approved a ballot measure requiring that all
instruction be in English. Bilingual teachers were required to stop speaking
Spanish   except, presumably, in Spanish-language courses. Now they are being
told that if they want to keep teaching in classes containing English learners,
they need to lose their accents.

There is a legitimate debate over the worthiness of bilingual education. Arizona
may, in fact, have made a smart move by eliminating it. But putting
pronunciation police in the classrooms of qualified teachers is a step backward.

If Arizona continues to marginalize a large segment of its population, and
insult a large segment of the national population, Arizona's schools will have
no need for courses that promote resentment. Arizona's political leadership will
have done a fine job of that on its own.

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 The Monterey County Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              108 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 22, 2002 Friday Five Star Lift Edition

WU LAW FACULTY'S VOTE ON LOANS WAS SURPRISINGLY CLOSE

BYLINE: Bill McClellan

SECTION: METRO; Bill McClellan Column; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 651 words


It should come as no surprise that the faculty of the Washington University Law
School voted to exclude from its loan repayment assistance program any graduate
who enters the armed forces. What is surprising -- startling, really -- is the
closeness of the vote. It was 12-11.

That seems to indicate a shift in the cultural landscape. The law school, you
see, is a very, very liberal place.

"A moderate Democrat would be on the far right here," a faculty member told me.

With that in mind, consider the latest controversy. Like a lot of very expensive
law schools, the one at Washington University decided to start a loan repayment
assistance program. That's because students can graduate with a six-figure debt
-- tuition is $27,100 -- and it's difficult to pay off those loans if a graduate
takes a relatively low-paying public service or government job.

Last week, the faculty voted to exclude graduates who enter the military. The
reason given was that the military discriminates against gays.

Most people of even moderate liberal bent -- that is to say, people like me --
oppose discrimination against gays. As far as I'm concerned, a person should not
have to hide his or her sexual orientation to serve in the military. I think the
current "Don't Ask, Don't Tell" policy is a step in the right direction, but
just that. A step.

Still, I don't expect the military to be perfect. After all, it exists precisely
because we live in an imperfect world.

You would think that people smart enough to be law professors would understand
that. But there is a history here. The uber-liberals of my generation have long
disliked the military. Remember Bill Clinton's letter to the colonel in which he
said that good people could loathe the military? In those days, Clinton's good
people were young, and they loathed the military because of Vietnam. Those good
people are now middle-aged, and many of them are in academia.

I had a meeting this week with some of the law professors who had voted to
financially punish the graduates who went into the military. Also in attendance
were two gay students who didn't want their military-bound classmates to get
financial help.

One of the professors was agitated. She said that the feelings of gay students
would have been hurt had the faculty voted to include the kids going into the
service. Somebody was going to be hurt either way, she told me, and then she
pointed at the two gay students, and she said she would not hurt them.

"Society already marginalizes these kids," she said. "It certainly doesn't
marginalize the military."

There was, I thought, a kind of how-did-this-happen tone to the last part of her
statement. The military, once so thoroughly discredited, is again a respected
institution. How strange it must seem, like a Bob Dylan song turned inside out.
The losers now later shall win, he wrote, and who would have thought he was
talking about the military?

Of course, not all the faculty who voted to punish the military-bound graduates
were motivated by antipathy toward the armed forces. One faculty member told me
his brother was in the military, and he said he saw the vote as simply a chance
to make a statement about discrimination. For that matter, one of the students
said his dad was in the Army. Obviously, this is a very complex matter.

But it is safe to say that gay rights is a very popular cause in the law school,
and it's safe to say the military has few boosters. The tide runs in the other
direction. By all accounts, the faculty was very unhappy last year when the
university, fearful of losing federal money, forced the school to allow military
recruiters into the law school building. So maybe there was even an element of
getting even in the recent vote to exclude the military-bound grads from the
assistance program.

Even with all that, though, the vote was 12-11. This was almost a very big
story.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2002

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: STLtoday.com/McClellan bmcclellan@post-dispatch.com

                  Copyright 2002 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              109 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            December 19, 2010 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

On gay marriage, stop playing the hate card

BYLINE: Matthew J. Franck

SECTION: OUTLOOK; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1027 words


In the debates over gay marriage, "hate" is the ultimate conversation-stopper.

Some stories from recent months: A religion instructor at a midwestern state
university explains in an e-mail to students the rational basis for Catholic
teaching on homosexuality. He is denounced by a student for "hate speech" and is
dismissed from his position. (He is later reinstated - for now.) At another
midwestern state university, a department chairman  demurs from a student
organizer's request that his department promote an upcoming "LGBTQ" film
festival on campus; he is denounced to his university's chancellor, who
indicates that his e-mail to the student warrants inquiry by a "Hate and Bias
Incident Response Team."

On the west coast, a state law school moves to marginalize a Christian student
group that requires its members to pledge they will conform to orthodox
Christian doctrines on sexual morality. In the history of the school, no student
group has ever been denied campus recognition. But this one is, and the U.S.
Supreme Court lets the school get away with it.

The Southern Poverty Law Center, a once-respected civil rights organization,
publishes a "report" identifying a dozen or so "anti-gay hate groups," some for
no apparent reason other than their vocal opposition to same-sex marriage. Other
marriage advocacy groups are put on a watch list.

On a left-wing Web site, a petition drive succeeds in pressuring Apple to drop
an "app" from its iTunes store for the Manhattan Declaration, an ecumenical
Christian statement whose nearly half-million signers are united in defense of
the right to life, the tradition of conjugal marriage between man and woman, and
the principles of religious liberty. The offense? The app is a "hate fest."
Fewer than 8,000 people petition for the app to go; more than five times as many
petition Apple for its reinstatement, so far to no avail.

Finally, on "$#*! My Dad Says," a CBS sitcom watched by more than 10 million
weekly viewers, an entire half-hour episode is devoted to a depiction of the
disapproval of homosexuality as  bigotry, a form of unreasoning intolerance that
clings to the past with a coarse and mean-spirited judgmentalism. And this on a
show whose title character is famously irascible and politically incorrect, but
who in this instance turns out to be fashionably cuddly and up-to-date.

What's going on here? Clearly a determined effort is afoot, in cultural bastions
controlled by the left, to anathematize traditional views of sexual morality,
particularly opposition to same-sex marriage, as the expression of "hate" that
cannot be tolerated in a decent civil society. The argument over same-sex
marriage must be brought to an end, and the debate considered settled. Defenders
of traditional marriage must be likened to racists, as purveyors of irrational
fear and loathing. Opposition to same-sex marriage must be treated just like
support for now long-gone anti-miscegenation laws.

This strategy is the counsel of desperation. In 30 states, the people have
protected traditional marriage by constitutional amendment: In no state where
the question has been put directly to voters has same-sex marriage been adopted
by democratic majorities. But the advocates of a revolution in the law of
marriage see an opportunity in                 Perry v. Schwarzenegger
, currently pending in the U.S. Court of Appeals for the 9th Circuit. In his
district court ruling in the case in August, Judge Vaughn Walker held that
California's Proposition 8 enacted, "without reason, a private moral view" about
the nature of marriage that cannot properly be embodied in public policy. Prop
8's opponents are hoping for similar reasoning from the appeals court and,
ultimately, from the Supreme Court.

The SPLC's report on "hate groups" gives the game away. It notes that no group
is listed merely for "viewing homosexuality as unbiblical." But when describing
standard expressions of Christian teaching, that we must love the sinner while
hating the sin, the SPLC treats them as "kinder, gentler language" that only
covers up unreasoning hatred for gay people. Christians are free to hold their
"biblical" views, you see, but we know that opposition to gay marriage cannot
have any basis in reason. Although protected by the Constitution, these
religious views must be sequestered from the public square, where reason, as
distinguished from faith, must prevail.

Marginalize, privatize, anathematize: These are the successive goals of
gay-marriage advocates when it comes to their opponents.

First, ignore the arguments of traditional marriage's defenders, that marriage
has always existed in order to bring men and women together so that children
will have mothers and fathers, and that same-sex marriage is not an expansion
but a dismantling of the institution. Instead, assert that no rational arguments
along these lines even exist and so no refutation is necessary, and insinuate
that those who merely want to defend marriage are "anti-gay thugs" or
"theocrats" or "Taliban," as some critics have said.

Second, drive the wedge between faith and reason, chasing traditional religious
arguments on marriage and morality underground, as private forms of
irrationality.

Finally, decree the victory of the new public morality - here the judges have
their role in the liberal strategy - and read the opponents of the new
dispensation out of polite society, as the crazed bigots of our day.

American democracy doesn't need civility enforcers, nor must it become a public
square with signs reading "no labels allowed." Robust debate is necessarily
passionate debate, especially on a question like marriage. But the charge of
"hate" is not a contribution to argument; it's the recourse of people who would
rather not have an argument at all.

That is no way to conduct public business on momentous questions in a free
democracy. "Hate" cannot be permitted to be the conversation stopper in the
same-sex marriage debate. The American people, a tolerant bunch who have acted
to protect marriage in three-fifths of the states, just aren't buying it. And
they still won't buy it even if the judges do.

mjfranck@msn.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2010 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              110 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                            July 10, 2014  Thursday

One Professor Schemes to Keep Colleges in the Web's Fast Lane

BYLINE: Avi Wolfman-Arent

SECTION: TECHNOLOGY; News

LENGTH: 1506  words

ABSTRACT

Is net neutrality doomed? Bill Baker has an idea: a space for the public sector
on the Internet.

FULL TEXT

William F. Baker has no quarrel with net neutrality, the principle that says all
Internet traffic should be treated equally regardless of substance or source.
He's all for it-in the abstract.

But after 50 years in media, Mr. Baker, a former television executive who now
directs the Bernard L. Schwartz Center for Media, Public Policy and Education at
Fordham University, no longer dwells in the abstract. "I'm a person who's been
in the trenches a long time," he says. "I'm not a theoretician."

So when the Federal Communications Commission proposed new rules in May that
could allow Internet-service providers, or ISPs, to charge extra for faster
connection speeds, Mr. Baker didn't despair. Instead, he strategized. This
month, while moderating a panel on net neutrality at the New York campus of the
University of Navarra's IESE Business School, Mr. Baker unveiled a paper
advocating a "public-sector space on the Internet" akin to the bandwidth
reserved for public broadcasting.

He believes the idea to be novel, simple, and potentially transformative. It
also rests on a cynical-critics might say defeatist-premise: that net neutrality
is doomed because the major telecommunications providers oppose it.

"Since it looks like we're heading toward some form of a two-speed American
Internet," Mr. Baker wrote, "why not take some of what the big players will be
paying to ISPs for a fast track to consumers and use the money to make sure
public media, not-for-profits, and tech innovators get bailed out of the slow
lane?"

To do that, he'll have to persuade interested parties, including the nation's
universities and libraries, that the demise of neutrality on the Internet is
imminent. That figures to be a tough sell. On Thursday, 11 mainstream
higher-education groups are scheduled to release a set of principles advocating
staunch support for an open Internet. Their actions are just the latest in a
long line of pro-neutrality stances, which together raise a central question: Is
academe ready to envision, and plan for, a future without net neutrality?

If it is, Mr. Baker's proposal would be an attractive one. His chief desire is
to insulate nonprofit organizations like colleges from the competitive
disadvantages that would accompany a postneutrality web. He isn't sure what form
those provisions would take. It could be a redistributed tax on Internet
providers. It could wind up as an exemption guaranteeing nonprofit access to the
Internet's fast lane.

But Mr. Baker says the particulars don't matter right now. What matters, he
says, is getting the notion of a public-sector Internet "into the public
drinking water."

Leaning on History

Mr. Baker's pitch leans hard on history. In his introductory paper he points to
U.S. government subsidies for rural, residential telephone service beginning in
the 1930s as an instance where potential losers in a new technological arena
received special protection.

Nathan Newman, a panelist at the IESE event and a fellow at New York
University's Information Law Institute, says one can go all the way back to the
18th century for examples of similar projects. "The post office gave massive
discounts for sending newspapers through the mail under the premise you needed
small newspapers to get ideas out across the country," he says.

Like Mr. Baker, Mr. Newman believes it's time to "start talking about details"
if indeed the FCC chooses to abandon the neutral Internet. "The ideal is a world
where you have some prioritization payments but the FCC makes sure those
payments go to greater access in urban and rural areas, and you provide
nonprofit priority access," he says.

A tiered and unregulated Internet, Mr. Baker fears, would marginalize
public-interest voices much the way American radio and television did. By the
time Congress established the Corporation for Public Broadcasting, in 1967, Mr.
Baker says, the moment for creating a domestic equivalent to the BBC had passed.

Now, he says, is the time to correct that: "In my long career in media, this is
the only window I've ever seen for a chance to have some meaningful new
regulatory activity that embraces the public service and academic world."

Mr. Baker's message is likely to resonate in the public-media world, where he is
a fixture. Before coming to Fordham, he spent two decades as chief executive of
the Educational Broadcasting Corporation, which was then the parent company of
the New York-based public television stations WNET-TV and WLIW-TV. Before that
he was president of Westinghouse Television. Already his contingency plan for a
postneutrality web seems to have captured the attention of others in the New
York media landscape.

"If this happens, if there's danger and net neutrality is really threatened,
what is the public-policy response?" asks Laura R. Walker, president and chief
executive of New York Public Radio. "And how do you create a system where free,
high-quality educational content can remain readily accessible? I think Bill is
onto something."

Courting academe, however, is another task entirely. Higher-education interest
groups have been committed to preserving net neutrality since it became a topic
of public conversation, in the early to mid-2000s. Advocates say paid
prioritization would hamstring cybereducation, hinder research collaboration,
and slow the analysis of Big Data. They also believe it contradicts the spirit
of the Internet, a technology nurtured and weaned in academe.

"There is a really deep appreciation with the higher-ed and research-library
community for the open Internet," says Prudence S. Adler, associate executive
director of the Association of Research Libraries.

No Preferential Access

After the U.S. Court of Appeals for the District of Columbia Circuit vacated the
FCC's existing net-neutrality rules, in January, Ms. Adler and leaders of
Educause and the American Library Association wrote a joint letter urging the
commission to preserve net neutrality. "Paid prioritization and other forms of
preferential access will significantly disadvantage libraries, education, and
other nonprofit institutions," they wrote.

Though they're disappointed by the FCC's proposed move away from net neutrality,
advocates connected to academe say they aren't yet willing to consider
contingency plans like Mr. Baker's. "We need to really focus on net neutrality,"
says Ms. Adler. "That's the fight we need to win."

Representatives of Educause, the American Library Association, and the
Association of Research Libraries say they met with the FCC's internal
open-Internet working group on May 12 to discuss the commission's proposal. In
addition to signing the net-neutrality principles released on Thursday, all
three groups plan to issue an official filing with the FCC on July 15, the last
day of the public-comment period. That document, they say, will ask the FCC to
reclassify Internet-service providers as common carriers, in essence equating
the Internet to a public utility.

It will also lay out ways the FCC could preserve an open Internet without
pursuing reclassification, focusing in particular on a clause in the
Telecommunications Act of 1996. The FCC has the authority to "implement
open-Internet rules that would preserve what they called the virtuous cycle of
Internet development," says Jarret Cummings, director of policy and external
relations at Educause.

Mr. Cummings and other proponents of net neutrality in higher education say they
will not concede the inevitability of an Internet split asunder. Mr. Cummings
believes that would lead to a scenario where "everyone is trying to clamber on
the lifeboat that is the priority lane, and the overall ship that is the
Internet sinks from neglect."

Susan Crawford, a visiting professor at Harvard Law School and former special
assistant to President Obama for science, technology, and innovation policy,
agrees that a two-tiered scheme would weaken higher education's position over
the long term.

"If you start thinking about what kind of deals higher ed should be cutting with
the incumbent, you're essentially taking the same role as the media
conglomerates," says Ms. Crawford. "You may get a deal today, but that means
your destiny 10 years from now is at the mercy of these very few actors." She is
further convinced that public pressure on the FCC will buoy net neutrality,
obviating the need for any kind of contingency plan.

But Ms. Crawford also believes advocacy focused solely on maintaining net
neutrality misses larger issues. She hopes academe, for example, will agitate
for the creation of municipal fiber-optic networks that would compete with
cable-company broadband.

And on that point, she and Mr. Baker may have some common ground. At root, Mr.
Baker says, nonprofit groups should look beyond the open-Internet debate as it
has been framed for the past decade and should embrace new ways of thinking.
"Instead of saying, 'Net neutrality, that's it,'" he says, "let's think bigger
than that."

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: William Baker, director of the Bernard L. Schwartz Center for Media,
Public Policy and Education at Fordham, proposes a space for nonprofits on the
web, akin to the bandwith reserved for public broadcasting.
Joe Sinnott, Fordham U.
One Professor Schemes to Keep Colleges in the Web's Fast Lane 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              111 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 16, 1998 Monday

HISTORY MONTHS DO MORE TO MARGINALIZE THAN TO MAINSTREAM

BYLINE: Eileen McNamara, Syndictaed Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 717 words


Pity the poor children's librarian.

There is a run on books about Frederick Douglass and Susan B. Anthony.
Biographies that gather dust under "Juvenile Nonfiction" from April through
January are flying off the shelves.

All over Massachusetts, besieged librarians are reduced to reciting, "I'm sorry,
that book is checked out," to frantic students facing an F in social studies and
exasperated parents facing the fact that, again, their lecture about leaving
research assignments until the last minute has been ignored.

"Didn't we go through this last October about Christopher Columbus?" asks Mom,
surveying the empty stacks.

"Not to mention William Bradford last Thanksgiving?" adds Dad, scanning the
local library's computer listing of relevent, but unavailable, titles.

The scramble for "resource material" in February is especially acute: there are
only 28 days for students in K through 12 to reacquaint themselves with Martin
Luther King Jr.'s civil rights struggle before moving on to Lucretia Mott's
suffrage movement.

It seems appropriate, somehow, that Black History Month and Women's History
Month should follow one another, all those forgotten figures of American history
marching through our children's late winter social studies curriculum.

The theory sounds benign, one month designated every year to acknowledge with
poster board and colored markers the contributions of blacks and women to the
nation. But the underlying assumption is clear: a month is all it takes.

A week, actually, might suffice given the emphasis on the handful of blacks and
women who have come to represent their race and gender. Jane Addams. Harriet
Beecher Stowe. Elizabeth Cady Stanton. Harriet Tubman. Rosa Parks. Jackie
Robinson. In most schools, it is a fair bet no more than a dozen blacks and
women have been short-listed for history.

The midwinter competition for biographies of Booker T. Washington and Clara
Barton always reminds me of the dispirited face of my college roommate after
discovering that some hyper-competitive, premed had used a razor blade to excise
critical pages from some obscure text in the reserve room of the campus library.
"I'm cooked," I can recall her sighing.

I hear a similar tone of defeat as I pass the librarian's desk and watch a
sixth-grade girl about to fall into full faint: "You're all out of Eleanor
Roosevelt?" she cries. "How can that be?"

Efforts to interest her in less well-known women in American history bring the
predictable retort: "Dorothea Dix? Margaret Sanger? Who's ever even heard of
them?"

Which is the point. The obvious peril of treating black history and women's
history as distinct from that of the mainstream society is that we marginalize
all blacks and women except the few representatives upon whom we confer icon
status.

It would be a mistake to blame our teachers for this narrowness. It seems our
children, like their elders, favor the "Great Man" theory of history, tales of
famous human beings whose bold actions, inventions or courage somehow changed
the course of world or national events.

Given the historical marginalization of women and people of color, it is the
rare woman or black whose accomplishments stand out in quite that way.

Where is the drama in the story of Fannie Lou Hamer, who helped lead the Freedom
Democratic Party challenge against the all-white Mississippi delegation at the
1964 Democratic National Convention? She failed, didn't she? The fact that she
won partial recognition for her group in 1968 and full recognition in 1972 may
be less dramatic, but it is no less historically significant.

What about Janet Collins, a ballerina who risked her career by refusing to bow
to the demand of the Ballet Russe de Monte Carlo that she wear white makeup to
hide her black skin? Or Zivia Lubetkin? How many of our children will choose
this commander of the Jewish resistance movement in the Warsaw Ghetto as a
worthy subject for their women's history projects?

A biography of Eleanor Roosevelt sure is hard to find at the local library this
time of year, but the shelves hold so many stories of women and blacks whose
contributions to this world are just waiting to be read.

Eileen McNamara is a columnist for The Boston Globe. Distributed by the New York
Times News Service.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              112 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       BBC Monitoring Europe - Political
                      Supplied by BBC Worldwide Monitoring

                               May 9, 2008 Friday

Bosnian Muslim officials reject TV report on corruption investigation

LENGTH: 1012 words


Text of report by Bosnian wide-circulation privately-owned daily Dnevni avaz, on
8 May

[Report by "E.S. and M.K.": "Attempt To Eliminate People Who Founded SDA"]

In a statement for our publication, Bakir Alispahic, the former RBiH [Republic
of Bosnia-Hercegovina] interior minister and director of the AID [Agency for
Investigation and Documentation], suggested that he will sue the "60 Minuta" [60
Minutes] news show because of its "continuous attacks and anathematization,"
which he calls a textbook example of terrorism against individuals or groups of
people, as was the case in the last airing of that show.

Untruths and Deceit

"I will demand damages. State television has no right to circulate unverified
and unsupported reports labelling Bosniaks terrorists or criminals. What I
consider troublesome, and at the same time indicative, is the fact that one of
the guests on that same broadcast was the chairman of the strongest Bosniak
party, my SDA [Party of Democratic Action], Sulejman Tihic, who thus far has
never repudiated for all time the attacks on me, Hasan Cengic, or Senad
Sahinpasic, just as that has never been done by any senior figures in the SDA,"
Alispahic explains.

He adds that apparently there is an attempt under way to "eliminate" all the
patriots and early fighters who founded the SDA and who have remained on the
path marked out by Alija Izetebegovic since then.

He recalls once more that he spent six years in court and incarcerated as an
innocent man while proving that he is neither a terrorist nor a criminal. The
same circles that are now perpetuating the talk of terrorism and crime, says
Alispahic, began their activities by sending the "Algerian group" to Guantanamo,
by making arrests in the "Pogorelica affair," and by placing names on the
American blacklist.

Hasan Cengic, a member of the SDA Main Committee, who according to reports on
"60 Minuta" is under investigation for "financing the 11 September 2001
terrorist attacks in New York," has categorically denied everything placed at
his door and emphasized that this is "an absolute untruth and typical deceit
from the same sources."

Certain Circles

"That is an ostensible political news show that is a war-mongering propaganda
instrument of certain political centres in Sarajevo that regard me as
ideologically contrary to their positions. It is obvious that the aim of such
attacks on the people who founded the SDA is to disqualify that same SDA that
did everything it could to attain international recognition of B-H
[Bosnia-Hercegovina], in waging national defence together with all patriotic
forces," Cengic emphasizes in a statement for Dnevni Avaz.

He adds that the goal of the propaganda coming from the SDP [Social Democratic
Party] is to "be first by erasing history." He also says that in advance of the
local elections the SDP is trying to stay alive and retain influence over
individual SDA figures, and it is also trying to rehabilitate itself on the
international scene, where it has lost all of its credibility. But at the same
time, Cengic emphasizes, there are certain circles within his party that have
not been there from the outset.

"Those circles within the SDA are willing to resort to anything to marginalize
everything that was done before them and to marginalize everyone who was in the
SDA before them," Cengic explains, adding that he will consult his attorneys
about possibly filing suit against "60 Minuta" and FTV [Federation Television."

Speaking of accusations, Cengic believes that the biggest "complaint for them is
the statement by High Representative Miroslav Lajcak that talk of investigations
by the Anticorruption Team is nonsense."

[Box] Goal Is To Pressure Bakir Out of Politics

Senad Sahinpasic, who was also cited on the "60 Minuta" broadcast as a person
under investigation, believes that this "is another case of designs by SDP chief
Zlatko Lagumdzija and SDA chief Sulejman Tihic." He considers it indicative that
an interview with Tihic was aired immediately after the story on the OHR [Office
of the High Representative] Anticorruption Team.

"Such vagaries and affairs are always put forward whenever Lagumdzija needs that
for everyday political and election purposes, but nowadays when his faithful
companion Tihic also needs it. This is probably the time at which the aim is to
discourage SDA deputy chairman Bakir Izetbegovic from involvement in politics,
to continue his father's course and strengthen the B-H and Bosniak political
factor. The goal is to pressure Bakir to give up on politics that is a
continuation of his late father Alija Izetbegovic's work," says Sahinpasic, who
adds that this is not the first time that he was slandered on "60 Minuta"
without anyone asking him to present his side of the story, and he suggests that
this time he will file suit against FRV and the main editor of the news
programme, Duska Jurisic.

[Box] They Are Trying To Defame Me Among My Own People

In a statement for our publication, Naser Oric also categorically denies the
allegations presented on "60 Minuta" and contends that they are utter nonsense.
He says that such reports can be circulated only by "sick" people and emphasizes
that he too plans to sue FTV.

"I have never been contacted by anyone from the Anticorruption Team or from any
other investigatory institution in connection with any investigation, and I have
no fears whatsoever. Anyone who wants to can come and search me and see what all
I am doing. I am ready to answer for my actions, and I am glad that I was
accused on '60 Minuta' with the right people, because those are people who have
given the most for this country. The main motivation behind such designs is the
election campaign, and the sources of such slander are very well aware of how
popular I am when it comes to the Podrinje region and my war record, and they
are trying to defame me. But they will never succeed! People know who Naser Oric
was during the war. I always moved forward and never betrayed anyone, nor will I
ever do so," Oric said.

Source: Dnevni avaz, Sarajevo, in Bosnian/Croatian/Serbian 8 May 08

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Transcript


                Copyright 2008 British Broadcasting Corporation
                              All Rights Reserved


                              113 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                           October 28, 2010 Thursday

Malkin: Voter-fraud whitewash by left-wing groups

BYLINE: The Lowell Sun

SECTION: OPINIONS

LENGTH: 549 words


Denial isn't just a river in Egypt. It's the Democrats' coping mechanism for
midterm election voter fraud. Faced with multiple reports of early voting
irregularities and election shenanigans across the country, left-wing groups are
playing dumb, deaf and blind. Voter fraud? What voter fraud?

More cunningly, these organizations are seeking to marginalize complaints about
election integrity by casting citizen watchdog efforts as racist "scare
tactics." Echoing President Obama's message on the campaign trail, they are
accusing political opponents of suppressing the votes of minorities and the
poor.

Liberal voting-rights advocate Wendy R. Weiser turned up in a story minimizing
voter fraud and voter-registration fraud that was published Tuesday by
government-sponsored National Public Radio. The NPR report asserted that "most
election experts" believe that fears of voter fraud are "overblown." No word on
how many "experts" they surveyed (besides Weiser) to report such a conclusion,
which flies in the face of dozens of felony voter-fraud convictions across the
country over the past two election cycles.

Overblown?

In North Carolina and Nevada, early voters have encountered ballot machine
glitches that favor Democrats in hotly contested races.

In Troy, N.Y., and Daytona Beach, Fla., police investigations into suspected
absentee ballot fraud by elected government officials are under way.

In Harris County, Texas, the voter registrar admitted that 20 percent of voter
registration forms submitted by liberal activist Houston Votes had problems.
Election whistleblowers there are now being investigated by the Obama Justice
Department and have been slapped with an ethics complaint by the Texas
Democratic Party and a left-wing billionaire George Soros-funded group called
Texans for Public Justice.

In Yuma County, Ariz., election officials denied any fraud associated with
thousands of requests for "permanent early voter list" status submitted en masse
by open-borders group Mi Familia Vota (a social justice satellite group of the
Service Employees International Union). But election officials admitted that
some 6,000 out of 14,000 requests fielded by the Yuma County Recorder's Office
"were reviewed and rejected, under Arizona law, either due to the fact the
request was a duplicate or the requestor was not eligible to vote in this
election or within the jurisdiction."

For the past two years, Democratic leaders have had nothing to say about the
militant New Black Panther Party goons who took it upon themselves to police a
Philadelphia voting booth in 2008 wielding billy clubs and shouting anti-white
slurs to suppress votes. Now, they're treating citizen election monitors as if
they are the jack-booted thugs. When I lauded efforts like the Minnesota
Majority, which is training volunteers to watch polls and report on voter fraud,
liberal critics accused me this week of "fascism."

Silence dissent. Criminalize watchdogs. Whitewash fraud. Discourage grassroots
engagement. Deny, deny, deny. These are the signature tactics of the left in the
age of Obama. On Nov. 2, Americans get their chance to say, "Enough."

Michelle Malkin is the author of "Culture of Corruption: Obama and his Team of
Tax Cheats, Crooks & Cronies" (Regnery 2010). Her e-mail address is
malkinblog@gmail.com .

LOAD-DATE: October 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              114 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                      February 7, 2005 Monday Home Edition

Atlanta 'brand' extends beyond city limits

BYLINE: MARIA SAPORTA

SECTION: Horizon; Pg. 3E;

LENGTH: 708 words


All too often, the metro area marginalizes the city of Atlanta. After all, the
city represents only 10 percent of the region's population.

But, in reality, people from throughout the area feel a sense of ownership of
that entity called Atlanta.

This hit home last week when the city of Atlanta, working with a powerful group
of business leaders, announced its intention to develop a marketing plan and a
"branding" strategy for Atlanta.

When the news hit, The Atlanta Journal-Constitution asked readers to submit
their suggestions for a slogan.

Ideas flowed in from Lithonia, Lilburn, Canton, Alpharetta, Gainesville,
Roswell, Woodstock, Marietta, Decatur and even from people now living in cities
around the country and the world.

In short, the Atlanta brand is so much bigger than the city limits.

That's why this effort to market Atlanta must also seek to unite the region and
develop a sense of pride in our capital city.

All too often, the city of Atlanta is shunned by people living outside the city
limits. It is such a shortsighted attitude that only ends up dividing the state
in two camps --- those who are pro-Atlanta and those who are anti-Atlanta.

The reality is that the urban, suburban and rural areas of Georgia are all
intertwined with interdependent relationships. When state and metro leaders
truly understand that a successful Atlanta will contribute to the success of the
rest of Georgia, the better off we'll be.

That's why an inviting and unifying Atlanta marketing campaign and brand holds
tremendous promise for us all. Maybe we can find a way, after decades of
dissension, to celebrate the real connection we all feel to the capital of the
Southeast.

Atlanta leaders working on the branding effort cite the "I Love New York"
campaign. At the time it was launched, New York did not have the best reputation
--- from those living outside the city or state, but most importantly from New
Yorkers themselves. The campaign empowered residents to love their city once
again and spread that goodwill to visitors and guests.

Creating a sense of identity can translate into significant policy shifts when
it comes to city-state relations.

For example, Boston is run by a Democratic mayor while the governor of
Massachusetts is a Republican. Sound familiar? But an amazing sense of
cooperation exists in the New England state because people are all members of
Red Sox nation.

So residents of Massachusetts have become vested in the economic health of
Boston. The MBTA, the public transit system that includes all modes of
transportation for the Greater Boston area, receives about $680 million a year
from the state. Meanwhile, MARTA's finances are precarious, partly because it is
the largest transit system in the country that does not receive state operating
funds.

Somehow, people living all over Massachusetts understand that they benefit when
there is less congestion in Greater Boston.

Creating a cohesive identity in an urban area is just as important. Take San
Francisco. It consists of three major cities --- San Francisco, Oakland and San
Jose. Of the three, San Francisco is the smallest in population. But does anyone
from Atlanta say they're going to Oakland for the weekend? No. The brand is San
Francisco.

It's similar in Atlanta. When folks from Gwinnett or Henry counties travel
around the country or world and are asked where they're from, they say Atlanta.

Whether people like it or not, Atlanta identifies the region. It is the common
denominator that metro residents can relate to. The skyline. The sports
facilities. The cultural and entertainment venues. The transportation network.
The airport. It's all Atlanta.

So when developing a brand for this growth we call Atlanta, we must be sure it
resonates with the entire region, as well as the state.

If we're successful, then residents from all over finally will feel it's OK to
love Atlanta.

P.S. I can't resist repeating my suggestion for a slogan I believe creates and
reinforces a welcoming face for Atlanta --- reminding us of our Southern
hospitality. It is a simple slogan that can be geared to visitors,
conventioneers, companies, students and transplants.

"Atlanta Loves You."

msaporta@ajc.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The Braves and other professional sports teams give Atlanta "brand
appeal" far beyond the city limits. / RICH ADDICKS / Staff

TYPE: Column

                Copyright 2005 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              115 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Post

                           February 27, 2000, Sunday

GOVS' AFFAIR WITH BUSH GETS SECOND CHANCE

BYLINE: BRIAN BLOOMQUIST in Washington, D.C., and DAVID K. LI in Seattle, Wash.
Post Correspondents

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 014

LENGTH: 383 words


Republican governors yesterday reaffirmed their support for George W. Bush --
even as they second-guessed his strategy.

"George Bush obviously will have to right himself, and he will," said Gov. Mike
Leavitt of Utah, chairman of the National Governors Association, which met in
Washington.

New Jersey Gov. Christie Whitman openly questioned Bush's visit to Bob Jones
University in South Carolina, a school that bans interracial dating and
considers Catholics and Mormons to be cultists. She said that Bush's
conservative turn in South Carolina might have hurt his chances of winning the
general election.

"It can be dangerous if you start to marginalize yourself in any way," said
Whitman, a Bush supporter.

Meanwhile, a new Time/CNN poll shows that McCain has yet to surge in California
as he has in New York.

A new Newsweek poll has Bush maintaining his 2-1 edge over McCain -- 58 to 27
percent -- among registered Republicans nationwide.

The Time/CNN poll of registered California Republicans showed Bush leading
McCain, 48 percent to 23 percent. Voters in California and New York go to the
polls on March 7.

Yet the poll found McCain would do better than Bush against Democrat Al Gore in
California. It said Gore would beat Bush by 13 percentage points, but McCain
would beat Gore by 1 percent, within the margin of error of 3.1 percent.

The Newsweek poll has McCain beating Gore by 51 percent to 42 percent, while
showing Bush would defeat him 50 percent to 41 percent.

Gore and former Sen. Bill Bradley courted African American voters in Washington
state last night, appearing at the same NAACP event in Seattle. Both decried the
killing of African immigrant Amadou Diallo in New York by four white cops. The
cops were acquitted Friday.

"Racial profiling seeps so deep into someone's consciousness it shows that a
wallet in the hands of a white American looks like a wallet," the former New
Jersey senator said. "A wallet in the hands of a black American looks like a
gun."

He was referring to the cops' defense that they mistook Diallo's wallet for a
gun.

Gore promised the Department of Justice would look seriously into potential
civil rights violations.

"The facts will be reviewed ... that review must be thorough and fair," Gore
told the NAACP crowd.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

           Copyright 2000 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc. All rights reserved.


                              116 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 28, 2016 Thursday
                         The New York Times on the Web

Primary Takeaways: Donald Trump and Hillary Clinton Edge Closer to Nominations

BYLINE: By MICHAEL BARBARO

SECTION: Section ; Column 0; Politics; Pg.

LENGTH: 856 words


Donald J. Trump and Hillary Clinton were each looking for a convincing
five-state romp on Tuesday that would quiet skeptics and marginalize stubborn
rivals.

He pulled it off. She fell slightly short.

But they both collected enough delegates to make an increasingly compelling case
that their party's nomination is finally in reach. The key takeaways from
Tuesday's East Coast primaries:

Trump is winning, and winning big

Mr. Trump's past six victories have been veritable blowouts in which he has
routinely collected a convincing majority of the vote despite a three-candidate
field.

Tuesday night represented a new high-water mark for his candidacy and a dour
milestone for his rivals: Mr. Trump won an average of 59 percent of the
Republican vote in the five states, and his average margin of victory was 35
percentage points.

With decisive wins like that, Senator Ted Cruz of Texas and Gov. John R. Kasich
of Ohio will have a much harder time arguing that Mr. Trump lacks the broad
support of his party at this summer's Republican convention, quite possibly
their last chance to stop his march to the nomination.

The 'Stop Trump' movement can't

The anyone-but-Trump brigade is failing, miserably and predictably. Mr. Trump's
commanding victories across five states lay bare an inconvenient but long-held
truth in politics: It is far harder to organize against a candidate than it is
to campaign for one. Voters want to believe in something, and they want to vote
for someone. They are far less likely to coordinate, en masse, to stop
something.

The disorganization and slim budget of the anti-Trump movement is not helping.
The groups spent around $500,000 to halt Mr. Trump's momentum in Tuesday's
five-state East Coast primaries -- a relative pittance. They may be holding
their fire until the contests in Indiana, Nebraska and California, but by then,
the Republican race may be all but over.

Sorry, Sanders, Clinton isn't a regional candidate

Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont recently tried to portray his rival's success
as a fleeting, regional phenomenon: Mrs. Clinton, he said during a Democratic
debate this month, owned the comparatively conservative electorate of the ''Deep
South.''

Tuesday's results proved him wrong. Mrs. Clinton swept some of the biggest
electoral prizes in the East: Connecticut, Maryland and Pennsylvania (not to
mention Delaware).

But her defeat in Rhode Island will sting somewhat because it feeds Mr.
Sanders's argument that so long as he is winning (even small states), he should
remain in the Democratic race.

Cruz is a fish out of water on the East Coast

It is hard to win states you ignore.

The senator from Texas all but gave up on Northeastern and Mid-Atlantic States,
dipping his ostrich-booted toe -- briefly -- into Maryland and Pennsylvania
before fleeing to Indiana, the next heartland state to hold a primary.

On Tuesday, he lost all five states, delivering his concession speech well
before polls had closed. His dual message of conservative purity and religious
faith was always an unnatural fit for the region. And his fate seemed sealed a
week ago when he finished a distant third in New York, home to the values he has
repeatedly maligned.

His wounded campaign, desperate to deprive Mr. Trump of 1,237 delegates, is now
banking on wins in Indiana and Nebraska -- ''more favorable terrain,'' as he
called it Tuesday night.

Sanders can't close in cities

Mr. Sanders cannot crack the code in Democratic-controlled cities, a
longstanding vulnerability that haunted him on Tuesday. Take Pennsylvania, where
Mrs. Clinton crushed him in Philadelphia County, 63 percent to 37 percent. In
Allegheny County, home to Pittsburgh, Mrs. Clinton beat him 55 percent to 44
percent

Why is Mr. Sanders losing these urban centers? Because they are home to reliable
Clinton constituencies: black and Hispanic voters, partisan Democrats, and older
women, all of whom would be essential to a successful general election
candidacy.

Make that one for 46

If Mr. Kasich cannot win a reliably moderate, blue-blooded New England state
like Connecticut, where exactly can he win?

His inability to compete with Mr. Trump in the very states whose demographic
compositions (centrist) and political traditions (polite) match his message are
undermining his rationale for staying in the race. Mr. Trump obliterated Mr.
Kasich in Connecticut, more than doubling his vote total.

Mr. Trump's schoolyard taunts can sound puerile (''We call him one-for-41,'' he
quips of Mr. Kasich's losing record). But the front-runner has a point: Mr.
Kasich has not won a primary since March 15, when he clinched his home state,
Ohio. (Mr. Kasich even lost Pennsylvania, where he was born and his brother
still resides.) And he still has fewer delegates than Senator Marco Rubio of
Florida, who is no longer in the race.

It is not clear when, or if, Mr. Kasich will win a primary again this year.
''Why is he here?'' Mr. Trump asked wryly Tuesday night.

Find out what you need to know about the 2016 presidential race today, and get
politics news updates via Facebook, Twitter and the First Draft newsletter.




URL: http://www.nytimes.com/2016/04/28/us/politics/primary-highlights.html

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              117 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 22, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

Ideas & Trends: God and Nature;
Saving Souls and Salmon

BYLINE: By JIM ROBBINS; Jim Robbins, a frequent contributor to The New York
Times, lives in Helena, Mont.

SECTION: Section 4; Page 5; Column 1; Week in Review Desk

LENGTH: 1051 words

DATELINE: HELENA, Mont.


ARCHBISHOP ALEX BRUNETT entered the towering St. James cathedral in downtown
Seattle and walked over to a baptismal font. "The water isn't just sitting
there," Archbishop Brunett said, gesturing to the small, clover- leaf-shaped
pool where the holy water was circulated by a pump. "We don't baptize people in
stagnant water, but flowing water, water that is alive."

So vital is the concept of living water to Catholic theology, he says, that he
and seven of his fellow Catholic bishops from Montana, Idaho, Washington, Oregon
and British Columbia will soon release a Pastoral Letter that calls on Catholics
and others to create a new environmental and spiritual awareness about the
Columbia River watershed, the region's main waterway.

Called "The Columbia River Watershed: Realities and Possibilities" the document
came about, Catholic leaders said, because the river was in such dire straits
from a century of unbridled logging, mining, grazing and dam building. About 16
million salmon once migrated from the Pacific each year to spawn in the
tributaries along the 1,200 miles of the Columbia, a number that has dwindled to
around 700,000.

The eight bishops are collectively the leaders of 1.2 million Catholic
parishioners spread over 260,000 square miles in the United States and Canada,
and the region's largest single denomination. The letter has been five years in
the making and is due to come out at the end of the year.

Although the letter stops short of an opinion on some of the river's most
contentious issues, like tearing out dams, it does plow new theological ground,
calling the river a "sacramental commons."

"A sacrament is a moment of encounter with God," said John Hart, a professor of
environmental science at Carroll University, a catholic school in Helena, Mont.,
and the author of the document. "To say the river is a sacramental commons means
people can experience the creator in creation, outside the formal church
settings." The letter, which has been circulating in draft form, injects a new
element into an extremely contentious battle in the Northwest.
Environmentalists, Indian tribes, fishermen and others argue that salmon in the
river could be lost if drastic measures aren't taken, including the removal of
four dams along the lower Snake River to restore spawning habitat. Farmers,
shippers and other business interests claims such actions will harm the region's
economy. The Clinton administration recently decided against removal of the four
dams.

Many who work in resource extraction industries in the Northwest feel the letter
has a liberal, anti-business slant. "Corporate capital intensive operations and
profit maximization practices, more than environmental laws, are costing
timber-related jobs," the draft letter reads. In it the bishops vow to reduce
the use of gold in church adornments -- an implicit criticism of the region's
mining activities.

Mr. Hart has found himself the target of angry e-mail messages and phone calls
from miners. One accused him of "hiding behind the skirts of the bishop."
Certainly, the bishops have not ducked the controversy they have created. Kirwin
Werner is a Catholic who teaches science at the Salish Kootenai College in
Montana. He attended one meeting at which a logger in opposition to the project
harangued Bishop William Skylstad of Spokane, Wash., the chairman of the
Pastoral Letter steering committee. "Skylstad stood up to him," Werner said.
"And when he was done Skylstad told him, 'Well, times have changed."'

Environmentalists are also unhappy, believing the church was co-opted by its
conservatives, and so refused to call for the breaching of dams along the
Columbia.

STILL, the response to the letter from the many Catholics in the region has been
mostly positive, said John Reid, a consultant in Seattle who is director of the
pastoral letter project.  "Seventy five percent are in favor of it and people
are saying things like 'I am proud to be a Catholic' and 'My God, the Catholics
are dealing with the real world,' " said Mr. Reid. He also said that about 25
percent of Catholics were telling the Church, "You've been co-opted by the
eco-terrorists."

Tribal leaders seem particularly encouraged by the letter. "Maybe God has spoken
to them," joked Don Sampson, a Yakima Indian who is also executive director of
the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, a coalition of tribes that
seeks to restore the salmon and a traditional way of life. "I hope the pope gets
on board."

More seriously, Mr. Sampson said: "The church is being up front and dispelling
the myth of Manifest Destiny and dominion over the Earth. That's refreshing and
welcome. But I'd like to see them call for action rather than just reflect."

Will the concept of a sacred watershed be taken to heart by Catholics whose
actions are degrading the river? It just may, said Jeremy Fivecrows, a Umatilla
Indian and a public affairs specialist at the Inter-Tribal Fish Commission.y
"It's easy to marginalize Native American religion," Mr. Fivecrows said. "It's a
lot harder to marginalize your own religion."

While the Pope and American bishops have made strong statements about the
environment in recent years, some wonder if the Catholics have really gotten
religion on the matter. Though it is being promoted as an effort to reclaim a
river, the Pastoral Letter may also be an effort by the Catholic Church not to
go the way of the salmon.

"The fact that the bishops are willing to do this is a significant development,"
said Dieter Hessel, director of the Program on Ecology, Justice and Faith, a
nonprofit group in Princeton, N.J., that helps seminaries and university
religion departments integrate ecology into their teaching. "How it's followed
up -- how rank-and-file Catholics respond -- is a real question."'

Some critics, inside and outside the church, say the whole exercise rings hollow
since the church refuses to deal with what many consider to be the fundamental
environmental problem: overpopulation.

"It's not meant to resolve questions, but to point out the importance of this
great river," said Archbishop Brunett. "People say, 'Stay in church where you
belong,' but that's not what we've been called to be. We're trying to establish
a sacredness in the world around us."'


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: The 1937 opening of the Grand Coulee Dam on the Columbia River.
(Associated Press); Kayaking up the Columbia River, where once there were salmon
beyond counting. (Associated Press)

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              118 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                  September 3, 1997, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

NATO to return Serb TV station Peacekeepers to get nonlethal weapons to use on
protestors

BYLINE: Steven Komarow

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 522 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- "Sponge grenades" and "dye bombs" are going
to U.S. troops in Bosnia to help them quell disturbances without
killing anyone.

Meanwhile, NATO officials announced an agreement on Tuesday that
they hope will ease tensions with the Bosnian Serbs. Two U.S.
soldiers were injured last week by a brick-throwing mob loyal
to Radovan Karadzic, the Serb leader who opposes an international
plan to unify Bosnia.


In an effort to marginalize Karadzic, who has been indicted on
war crimes charges, NATO has raided police stations under his
control and has taken over a Bosnian Serb broadcast station near
the northeastern city of Bijeljina.

Pentagon spokesman Kenneth Bacon said U.S. and U.N. officials
signed an agreement with the Serbs that would return the station.
In return, the Serbs agreed to air, unedited, some programs in
support of the peace treaty, Bacon said.

At the same time, the Pentagon has begun sending U.S. troops new,
nonlethal weapons and training teams to teach soldiers how to
use them.

"Sponge grenades" are fired at protesters and have enough force
to knock someone down at up to 30 yards away.

"Dye bombs," which look like hand grenades or small water balloons,
are designed to be thrown at protest leaders or crowd agitators.
The dye allows police to easily identify them for arrest.

The new, nonlethal weapons give commanders another option between
doing nothing and firing live ammunition. Facing rioters in the
past few weeks, troops have resorted to tear gas, sticks and shovel
handles.

Despite hopes that the new pact might make the weapons unnecessary,
"we've learned in Bosnia that actions speak louder than words,"
Bacon said.

Since July, NATO has been increasingly aggressive in its enforcement
of the Bosnia peace pact. Also, it has helped protect the elected
Bosnian Serb president, Biljana Plavsic, a former Karadzic protege
now threatened by his supporters, many of whom are armed.

Control of the broadcast network could be pivotal in that power
struggle. NATO makes no secret of its preference. Bacon confirmed
Tuesday that NATO troops have visited Karadzic's private guard
to check for weapons prohibited by the peace pact.

"The bottom line is that Karadzic is an indicted war criminal
and should be in The Hague on trial," Bacon said.

Bacon denied that the latest actions go beyond the mandate of
the 9,400 U.S. troops in Bosnia.

But in Orlando, Fla., House Speaker Newt Gingrich, R-Ga., said
it was time for President Clinton to clarify "what our aims are
in Bosnia."

"What is our risk and how should we measure victory?" Gingrich
told the American Legion, a veterans group.

A showdown between Clinton and the Congress over Bosnia could
come soon.

Clinton has promised to withdraw U.S. forces by next June. However,
the White House has threatened a veto if the final 1998 defense-spending
bill includes a House-passed provision that would cut off funding
at that time.

Latest estimates put the cost of the U.S. mission in Bosnia, which
began in December 1995, at more than $ 6 billion.

LOAD-DATE: September 03, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, AP

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              119 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 17, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Clinton digs in, takes on Gingrich over national service program

BYLINE: Judy Keen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 470 words

DATELINE: DENVER


The White House picked a fight Monday with Newt Gingrich over the House
speaker's criticism of President Clinton's national service program.

The White House seized on Gingrich's words in the last paragraph of a Newsweek
column: "I am totally, unequivocally opposed to national service. It is coerced
voluntarism. . . . It's gimmickry."

Clinton's aides think it's sound strategy to take on the Georgia Republican on
issues in which the public might back the president's position. Their goal:
Marginalize Gingrich and dent his popularity.

But the White House also defends a program vital to Clinton's domestic agenda
and legacy.

When AmeriCorps legislation passed in 1993, 26 House Republicans and seven
Senate Republicans voted for it. Despite speaking favorably about the national
service concept in House debate, Gingrich voted against it.

Tony Blankley, a spokesman for Gingrich, says, "Newt and most of the Republicans
opposed the bill when it was in Congress."

It's "a waste of money to give limited benefits to college students," Blankley
says. The program should be ended "before it gets out of control."

AmeriCorps has enrolled 20,000 young people. They work at minimum wage in 350
non-profit programs, receiving grants of $ 4,725 per year of work to offset
college loans. Created as a domestic Peace Corps, the program was budgeted at $
300 million in fiscal year 1994, $ 500 million in 1995.

In a speech here marking the birthday of the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.,
Clinton didn't mention Gingrich but spoke of efforts in Congress "to abolish the
national service corps to save money to pay for tax cuts."

"I know about cutting government. The purpose of all this is not to . . . give
us a mean-spirited government. It is to give us a lean government that will help
us to work together to solve our own problems."

In Washington, AmeriCorps director Eli Segal said "it's working" and invited
Gingrich "to see the results, to come with me to visit AmeriCorps programs in
action."

Last summer, Clinton signed a bill encouraging people to commemorate the King
holiday by volunteering service to their communities. AmeriCorps members spent
Monday rehabilitating a homeless center in Washington, holding conflict
resolution workshops in Atlanta and distributing toothbrushes and soap in Kansas
City, Mo.

White House press secretary Mike McCurry said Clinton will "draw a line" if
Congress tries to cut national service spending.

The rhetorical fray illustrates the administration's respect for the power the
speaker now wields and its fear that he can unilaterally move to dismantle
Clinton successes.

Clinton "has been working on national service for 10 years," says Clinton
adviser George Stephanopoulos. "It is exactly what government should be doing. .
. . We're going to fight for it."

LOAD-DATE: January 18, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Doug Mills, AP; PHOTO, b/w, AP

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              120 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             August 19, 2013 Monday

Kawakami: 49ers dump A.J. Jenkins, who was a mistake for San Francisco from the
start

BYLINE: By Tim Kawakami tkawakami@mercurynews.com

SECTION: SPORTS; 49ers; Columnists; News; Football; Columnists

LENGTH: 719 words


Zero catches. There is no spin for that stat, no way to marginalize the error
the 49ers made when they selected WR A.J. Jenkins with the 30th pick overall in
last year's draft.

A reach. A bust. A bad mark on GM Trent Baalke's otherwise glittery draft
record, a bad mark on the 49ers' entire draft process, with whatever input came
from Jim Harbaugh and everybody else.

If the 49ers had manipulated a way to hold onto him this season, Jenkins still
would've been a bust, we can now safely presume (because I believe the coaching
staff had decided that Jenkins wasn't going to play   as they decided last year
even if he was on the roster).

And he is definitely a draft bust now that the 49ers have traded Jenkins to
Kansas City for 2011 failed first-round pick Jonathan Baldwin.

Zero catches.

We'll see what Baldwin can do with the 49ers -- I presume he'll make the team
(though you never know), and he does provide a bigger body than Jenkins, who was
always too frail to get away from press coverage of any sort.

But I've got to say, I thought Baldwin looked awful vs. the 49ers in the
exhibition game last week: Slow feet, disinterested, with a horrendous drop of
an Alex Smith pass.

Maybe the 49ers obviously thought differently... or just thought Jenkins was
that bad.

And Jenkins was bad -- the reporting was accurate about his performance all
summer long, and Harbaugh's increasingly clarity about the situation was proof
of that (after some nuttier moments when he gushed about Jenkins last year).

Jenkins wasn't physical enough, dropped balls, didn't seem all the way into
this, and -- probably most damning, for an NFL player in a race for his job --
just didn't seem to have any competitive edge on the field. Nice guy, but not a
guy who seemed to realize that the whole thing was being decided n-o-w.

So it was time for the 49ers move on. They can't carry guys on scholarship,
they're going for a Super Bowl here.

I think this is all reflective of one thing: Jenkins was Baalke's pick all the
way, and when Harbaugh went to the kookiest lengths to defend Jenkins (and rip
those who critiqued him), Harbaugh was mostly defending his GM.

Hey, even good GMs miss on picks sometimes. It happens.

It happened to Baalke here, and through most of his 2012 draft slate, but he
still can point to Aldon Smith, Colin Kaepernick, NaVorro Bowman, Mike Iupati
and others from previous drafts, and we'll see about Eric Reid and the rest of
this year's class.

At least Baalke cut his losses relatively quickly. Again, I think the coaching
staff was sort of forcing his hand here, because they were going to play Marlon
Moore and Chad Hall ahead of Jenkins, no matter what.

And maybe Kaepernick and the other QBs were sort of forcing his hand, by not
feeling comfortable enough to throw Jenkins the ball very often in practice or
games (or nearly getting INTs in the times they did throw to him).

But Jenkins is gone now, to join Alex Smith in K.C., and the 49ers have Baldwin
to fit into the WR mix.

Neither one is going to be a dominant NFL receiver; they would've given the
signs by now. Instead, they're two former first-round picks who are fighting for
their careers.

They're busts. Now it's on them to figure out how to be productive players, or
they'll be former players very soon.

As this progresses, the Jenkins bust pick might look worse and worse if WR
Stephen Hill, taken by the Jets 13 picks later, continues to develop as an NFL
receiver.

Hill wasn't great last year -- 21 catches and 3 TDs -- but he's a bigger,
stronger receiver, and definitely way, way ahead of anything Jenkins did; plus,
the Jets sound like they want to make him a bigger part of the offense this
season.

I never thought Stanford TE Coby Fleener, who went a few picks behind Jenkins in
that draft, was a viable option here; the 49ers already had Vernon Davis, and I
thought Fleener was too similar.

Also, Harbaugh has an obvious and strong say on Stanford products in the draft,
and he passed on Fleener... who hasn't done much with the Colts so far.

No, I think the name that will be associated with the Jenkins draft bust is
Hill. That is, if Hill has a good NFL career. It's all based on that --
reputations and victories and track records.

Read Tim Kawakami's Talking Points blog atblogs.mercurynews.com/kawakami .
Contact him attkawakami@mercurynews.com .

LOAD-DATE: August 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: San Francisco 49ers' A.J. Jenkins (17) drops the ball under pressure by
Denver Broncos' Duke Ihenacho (33) in the first half of a preseason game at
Candlestick Park in San Francisco, Calif., on Thursday, Aug. 8, 2013. (Ray
Chavez/Bay Area News Group)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              121 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                           September 15, 2014  Monday

George Washington U. Snags a Decipherer of Ancient Texts

BYLINE: Sara Jerde

SECTION: PEOPLE; News

LENGTH: 768  words

ABSTRACT

Christopher A. Rollston, who left a seminary in Tennessee in 2012 after a
conflict with administrators, will teach students a historical approach to
translating religious texts from antiquity.

FULL TEXT

Christopher A. Rollston, a scholar of the ancient Near East, has spent the past
two years wandering through a series of academic jobs in Israel and the United
States. Now he has found a permanent home, as an associate professor of
Northwest Semitic languages and literatures at George Washington University.

Mr. Rollston, who is in his early 50s, is an epigrapher who translates ancient
inscriptions into modern languages. He has deciphered medical malpractice cases
and their verdicts, flood accounts, and international treaties from 2,500 to
3,000 years ago.

His expertise has earned him the respect of many scholars, but his opinions
about the Hebrew Bible's regard for women at one point cost him a tenured job at
a seminary in Tennessee.

An epigrapher's role is to unlock the past. "I can read those words that someone
wrote long ago. There's nothing like it," says Mr. Rollston, who earned his
doctorate at the Johns Hopkins University. "I've held hundreds of these in my
hands through the years, and I never tire of it."

Mr. Rollston spent the past spring as a visiting scholar of Northwest Semitic
literature at Tel Aviv University, in Israel. This fall, he began teaching
"Religion and Ancient Israel" as well as "Law and Diplomacy in the Ancient Near
East" at George Washington.

"I'm almost jealous of him; he's one of those guys," says Eric H. Cline, a
professor of classics and anthropology at George Washington University who
advocated his hiring. "His knowledge encompasses language, ancient history,
archaeology. He's the whole package. These types of people are one in a
generation."

Mr. Rollston-who began his study of ancient languages with Greek, followed by
Latin, Hebrew, Aramaic, and Phoenician-says he started learning them to better
understand the Bible's teachings. He now works in more than a dozen modern and
ancient languages. Museum curators and archaeologists from around the world call
upon him as a consultant, and he has testified as an expert on forgeries.

Students in his fall classes will read English translations of ancient texts and
will sometimes assist Mr. Rollston in translating other recently discovered
texts that have not yet been seen or translated. To learn these ancient
languages requires a good sense of grammar, strong guidance, and, in Mr.
Rollston's class, the ability to take a historical approach as opposed to a
faith-based approach to learning about the Bible.

Historians know that examining historical texts through a modern lens can
inflame present-day passions.

At the end of 2012, Mr. Rollston left a tenured position as a professor of Old
Testament and Semitic languages at Emmanuel Christian Seminary, in Tennessee,
where he had worked for about a decade. Seminary officials criticized him after
he argued in a blog post for the Huffington Post that many texts of the Bible
marginalize women.

Mr. Rollston says that officials were concerned that his stances were hurting
the already financially beleaguered institution and that the seminary's
president asked him to resign or be fired.

"With great pain," Mr. Rollston says, he hired a lawyer who negotiated his
resignation. A spokesman for the seminary said it wished Mr. Rollston well in
his new position but declined to comment further.

The legal fees made for a financially difficult two years for his family, Mr.
Rollston says.

Mr. Cline, who was chair of George Washington's department of classical and Near
Eastern languages and civilizations at the time Mr. Rollston was hired, was
aware of the controversy at Emmanuel. When he knew Mr. Rollston would be leaving
that institution, he asked him to come to George Washington as a visiting
professor in the spring semester of 2013.

Mr. Rollston then spent the fall semester in Jerusalem as a National Endowment
for the Humanities research scholar at the W.F. Albright Institute of
Archaeological Research.

"My only concern was that some university would snap him up before we could. He
was a free agent, and I wanted to be first in line," Mr. Cline says. "He could
be anywhere-Harvard, Oxford, Yale. We're excited to have him here. "

Mr. Rollston also began coediting on July 1, along with Mr. Cline, the Bulletin
of the American Schools of Oriental Research, an academic journal on the ancient
Near East. Mr. Rollston is also contracted to write two volumes-one on
epigraphy, the other on the Bible-to add to his long list of published works.

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Christopher A. Rollston examines inscriptions of disputed authenticity
at the Rockefeller Archaeological Museum, in Jerusalem.
Marne Taylor
George Washington U. Snags a Decipherer of Ancient Texts 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2014 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              122 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                               May 4, 2014 Sunday

Kragthorpe: BYU's quest for football relevance more challenging

BYLINE: By Kurt Kragthorpe Tribune Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; College Sports; BYU Cougars

LENGTH: 745 words


Next month, BYU will stage the football program's annual Media Day. The biggest
component is a nicely scripted series of live shows that provide content for
BYUtv.

The weekday event is a good depiction of where BYU football is going. The
Cougars' program is largely a made-for-TV production, helping to fill ESPN's
schedule on Thursdays, Fridays and late Saturday nights. BYU is succeeding in
gaining exposure, but achieving relevance remains another issue entirely. A
changing college football landscape is making that quest even more challenging.
The Cougars have taken advantage of some new opportunities through independence,
but a ceiling sure seems to be coming into play.

Recent developments evoke more questions than answers about BYU's future impact
in the sport. The 65 members of the five power conferences -- including Notre
Dame, with its Atlantic Coast Conference ties -- are moving toward their own
governance, potentially creating a gulf between themselves and the rest of the
Football Bowl Subdivision.

BYU's aligning with the new Miami Beach Bowl for 2014 shows how conference
tie-ins dominate the bowl picture. And the Southeastern Conference's forcing its
members to schedule another Power 5 opponent every year could further
marginalize the Cougars, unless athletic director Tom Holmoe can persuade league
administrators to create a BYU exemption.

College football relevance comes in varying degrees. Utah, for instance, is
fighting to establish itself in the Pac-12, having won one-third of its
conference games in three seasons. Some longtime members of power conferences --
Iowa State, Indiana and Kentucky, to name a few -- would love to have BYU's
level of brand recognition.

Regardless, they're all on the proper side of the divide, going forward. Not
even the SEC's inclusion via a scheduling opportunity would solve that part of
BYU's problem.

Independence has worked wonderfully for BYU, in many ways. The school's ESPN
contract, some November bookings with the Pac-12 and other scheduling
breakthroughs are impressive developments, and Holmoe deserves credit for them.
The school's built-in following allows BYU to benefit from playing in
Connecticut, Tennessee and Florida in 2014.

BYU's ownership dictates that the football program will always have certain
advantages and disadvantages in recruiting, regardless of its status. But what's
occurring around them lately drives home the point that if the Cougars want to
be truly relevant nationally, they have two choices: Win every football game, or
talk their way into a power conference.

The first solution might be the easiest. The Big 12 is now the most logical
destination for BYU. Having added West Virginia, however, the conference's
outlook appears to be toward the East.

Independence remains a better option for BYU than returning to the Mountain
West, even though that would give the Cougars guaranteed access to one of the
bowls affiliated with the College Football Playoff, which they lack. Holmoe made
the right call in securing a slot in Miami (as long as BYU is bowl-eligible, and
not picked for a CFP game), rather than hope another vacancy materializes.

But how many Utahns will travel to Florida in December, paying holiday airfares?
That's among the side effects of independence, along with an unattractive 2014
home schedule.

The irony is that BYU's unspectacular lineup creates a great opportunity this
season. BYU is justifiably proud of a top-five ranking in total victories in the
past 40 seasons. With the CFP becoming established, though, BYU must
re-establish its brand in 2014 by winning a bunch of games. That will matter
more than ever as the Cougars position themselves for the Big 12's invitation,
the SEC's validation or anything else that will increase their relevance. But
would even 10 or 11 wins in 2014 be enough to sustain a genuinely high-level
program, with everything else that's happening? BYU can only hope so.

The alternative is comfortably occupying 66th place in the college football
structure and filling whatever TV programming niche is available -- much like
the Media Day presentation, on a Monday morning. And is that really worth all
this effort?

kkragthorpe@sltrib.com

Twitter: @tribkurt BYU's 2014 schedule Date Opponent Aug. 29 at ConnecticutSept.
6 at TexasSept. 11 HoustonSept. 20 VirginiaOct. 3 Utah StateOct. 9 at Central
FloridaOct. 18 NevadaOct. 24 at Boise StateNov. 1 at Middle TennesseeNov. 15
UNLVNov. 22 Savannah State Nov. 29 at California

LOAD-DATE: May 5, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              123 of 999 DOCUMENTS


               National Post (f/k/a The Financial Post) (Canada)

                            April 20, 2011 Wednesday
                                National Edition

Middle-skilled jobs eliminated by technology; TD study; Some workers are pushed
down the skills ladder, economist says

BYLINE: Eric Lam, Financial Post

SECTION: FP CAREERS; Pg. FP10

LENGTH: 703  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middleskilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middleskilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highest-educated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes bookkeeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a first-mover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

" The question is what to do with those middleskilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing lowskill professions in the United States projected through
2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical therapist
aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fotolia; The fastest-growing low-skilled professions are in the
health-care field, according to the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics. These
include home health aides, physical therapist aides, and dental and medical
assistants.; Andrew Barr, National Post; ;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              124 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            December 17, 2006 Sunday

Goodell needs to help out Raiders

BYLINE: Column by Monte Poole

SECTION: SAN MATEO; Monte Poole; Raiders; Sports

LENGTH: 883 words


THE NFL COMMISSIONER'S office has no love for Oakland. The proof can be found in
Cincinnati.

The Bengals recently received a rescue effort from rookie commissioner Roger
Goodell, who apparently wanted to know if there was anything his office could do
to help the team keep its players out of jail.

It was a nice gesture, implying the new commish is more than a cash register in
a suit. It's hard to imagine Goodell's predecessor, the pompous and frigid Paul
Tagliabue, extending a warm hand.

In the 11 years since the Raiders returned to Oakland, Tagliabue never even set
foot in the Coliseum. Maybe out of indifference to Oakland, perhaps as an
attempt to marginalize Raiders boss Al Davis. Either way, the absence of a man
who traveled the league to attend games, spoke volumes.

Goodell, to his credit, visited the Raiders facility in the days leading up to
the Oct. 8 game against the 49ers.

But if the new commissioner truly is kinder and gentler, open to expressing
public sensitivity, why not make and reveal an effort to assist Oakland?

The Raiders need help, too. Once one of the league's signature franchises, a
robustand conspicuous presence on the sports globe, they are in distress. Have
been for almost four years.

They have become collectively indecisive, unable to think straight on many
matters, much less move in a single, unified direction. The work environment is
increasingly corrosive, with ongoing brushfires and internecine bickering.

The NFL's Oakland affiliate, which takes a 2-11 record into today's game against
St. Louis, is practically slobbering in its oatmeal.

Surely the commish can't offer, or provide, assistance to every team in the
league. He's an exceedingly busy man, dealing with the slain bodyguard of
Chicago lineman Tank Johnson, the big mouth of Pittsburgh linebacker Joey Porter
and the upcoming memorial service for Kansas City's much-admired owner, Lamar
Hunt -- all while keeping an eye on the NFL's deep and broad streams of revenue.

Besides, any commissioner willing to reach out to the Bengals, for a time pretty
much banished from the NFL map, also seems to be the kind of man committed to
sending out personalized holiday greetings.

But if Goodell wants to establish alliances far and wide, up and down and across
the league, further distancing himself from the aloof Tagliabue, the Raiders
ought to be somewhere on his list.

It's not uncommon for a sports commissioner to express concern about a
particular franchise. It's called effective management, bonding with
constituents, greasing the squeaky, feeding the needy.

Baseball's Bud Selig routinely answers serious questions about issues involving
trouble spots such as Tampa Bay and Washington and Florida. Bud even visited
Oakland to remind us that the A's simply can't compete at the Coliseum --
despite contending at the time.

Basketball's David Stern, generally considered the firmest commissioner in
America, was unafraid to hint that the Warriors, struggling under owner Chris
Cohan, could use a bit of aid. Next thing you know, Cohan, straining under his
own financial overload, was selling part of the franchise to four local business
executives.

These are examples of a commissioner seeing a problem, becoming annoyed by it,
and taking an active role in solving it.

It would seem the Raiders qualify for help from Goodell's office, even if it
comes only in the form of pamphlets from successful companies in the 21st
century. And we understand the Raiders, proud as they are, can't be expected to
embrace the notion. They believe they know what they're doing and that they are
doing things the right way.

Four years of futility and all, they have no plan, as far as anyone can tell, to
alter their course. It's as if they occupy themselves sweeping dust under the
carpet, keeping up appearances, while termites feast below.

Except appearances have a way of showing. And if 2-11 this season doesn't show,
15-46 over the last three-plus should.

While the Raiders don't have a conga line of players being hauled away in
handcuffs, they consistently show signs of internal dysfunction. They are, along
with Detroit, one of the teams the league seems to throw up its hands about.

But the NFL has reached out to the Lions, last February throwing Detroit a bone
called the Super Bowl -- despite suggesting Michigan was unfit for Super Bowls
after the region became a giant snow cone for the 1982 game, in suburban
Pontiac.

The Lions, of course, remain one of the league's sadder sacks. That they are
23-70 during the tenure of Matt Millen makes it easy to identify a responsible
party.

The Raiders, however, are no better off. Unlike the Lions, they don't have the
new stadium. Unlike the Lions, the Raiders don't have a singular, culpable
individual who can be removed quickly and cleanly.

Aiding the Raiders would require patience, the ability to navigate their unique
culture and reveal to them the error of their ways. If the team's recent legal
maneuvers are any indication -- it has reached accord with local enemies -- it
might in the mood to listen.

Maybe Goodell, or someone in his office, can reach out. Those Cincinnati mug
shots are troubling and embarrassing, to be sure, but no excuse to ignore the
decay in Oakland.

Monte Poole can be reached at

(510) 208-6461 or by e-mail at

mpoole@angnewspapers.com .

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              125 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Edmonton Journal (Alberta)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: Eric Lam, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes book-keeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Lindsay, Postmedia News Service; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 Edmonton Journal, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              126 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: ERIC LAM, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes bookkeeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IAN LINDSAY, POSTMEDIA NEWS SERVICE; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              127 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: Eric L Am, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & AGRICULTURE; Pg. B3

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes book-keeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Lindsay, Postmedia News Service; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2011 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              128 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: ERIC LAM, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes bookkeeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: IAN LINDSAY, POSTMEDIA NEWS SERVICE; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2011 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              129 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 Ottawa Citizen

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: Eric Lam, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS & TECHNOLOGY; Pg. D4

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes book-keeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Lindsay, Postmedia News Service; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Ottawa Citizen, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              130 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: Eric Lam, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C11

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes book-keeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Lindsay, Postmedia News Service; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              131 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Times Colonist (Victoria, British Columbia)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; ome workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: Eric Lam, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. C12

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes book-keeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Lindsay, Postmedia News Service; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 Times Colonist, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication Inc.

                              All Rights Reserved


                              132 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: Eric Lam, Financial Post

SECTION: BUSINESSBC; Pg. C4

LENGTH: 703  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middleskilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middleskilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middleskill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highest-educated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes bookkeeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And lowskill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a first-mover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Lindsay, Postmedia News Service; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              133 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                          September 18, 2008 Thursday

Reformer dropped the ball on PSB hearing

BYLINE: Reformer.com

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 1143 words


Editor of the Reformer:

I don't think Bob Audette attended the same PSB hearing that I spoke at on Sept.
15.

While I heard speaker after speaker addressing the many and varied reasons why
Vermont Yankee's license extension should be denied, your newspaper coverage
mentions a small portion of one statement opposing the relicensing.

Two days later, I can recall at least 30 different people who spoke about
financial instability of the potential sale to "Enexus," the unsolvable problem
of nuclear waste, human error and the aging of the plant, the impossibility of
evacuation and so many other issues. And I left early!

However, I count six different people extensively quoted who support the
relicensing of the plant in your front page story. How can this be considered
reporting? In the time I was at the hearing, those opposing the relicensing were
far more numerous than the handful supporting.

It is shocking to me that the Reformer would sanction such industry-coddling
reporting. For the people who take the time to attend these events, this kind of
reporting disrespectful and one more attempt to marginalize those who speak out
for the safety and future of our community.

Nancy Braus,

Putney, Sept. 17

Let's be careful out there

Editor of the Reformer:

With the tragic hunting death of last year in the news again, it's a good time
to make the case for those in the woods during hunting season to wear blaze
orange.

In no way am I blaming any victim. Target mistakes simply should not happen. Red
plaid or other colors simplely don't compare to blaze orange in the woods. Even
just a blaze orange cap stands out like a beacon.

I don't recall the statistics, but I know that there are almost no "mistaken for
game" accidents involving people wearing "hunter orange."

I would also suggest it would be a public service if the Reformer made note
(maybe on the top of the front page) of the start of each hunting season. For
instance, it is now bear season, which most of the non-hunting public is
probably unaware.

Chris Ericson,

South Newfane, Sept. 15

How to be part of the climate change solution

Editor of the Reformer:

Are you champing at the bit to do more about peak oil and climate change? Do you
see the connection between the warming of our oceans and more frequent, violent
storms? Are you outraged that Al Gore's call for a massive national effort to
repower America with clean energy is being met with chants of "Drill, Baby,
Drill?" Would you like to see your town develop and implement an Energy Descent
Plan as Portland, Ore., Oakland, Calif., Sweden and many "transition towns" in
the United Kingdom have done?

The Northwest Earth Institute has revised its free four-session discussion
course on global warming to emphasize creative individual and group action. The
course is designed to strengthen your resolve, sharpen your focus and provide
you with the support and fellowship of fellow participants. Call 802-254-2522 if
you would like to enroll.

Marcia Bourne,

Brattleboro, Sept. 15

GOP isn't being truthful

Editor of the Reformer:

I certainly appreciate your printing Stephen McConnel's letter last week. I
appreciated his paragraphs about faith in the people of America.

But, I did not realize that it is only Republicans who have the faith, dreams
and responsibilities to make our nation great. Wow, what a concept -- it almost
fits into his view that a large voter turnout might mean Communism.

But most important of all, says he, is that he wants a candidate that speaks the
truth. Please look again and what the Republicans are doing. Lies, deceit and
distortion of facts about the Democratic Party and their candidates seem to be
the fodder the Republicans live on.

If you are the Republican you say you are, Mr. McConnel, look again at the facts
and vote the Democratic ticket.

Selma Schiffer,

Wilmington, Sept. 14

Southern Loop is a wasteful project

Editor of the Reformer:

Reading the Reformer recently, I was so pleased to hear that there is now some
interest in a two year moratorium on doubling a 51-mile long and 150-foot wide
corridor for high tension electric lines through southern Vermont.

At a time when so many of us are trying, with great difficulty to reduce our
carbon footprint and nuclear waste footprint, this project just seems to be
making it easier for us to be more wasteful of our energy resources. We should
be heading in the opposite direction.

Before we build these lines, implementing a meter system, for example, that
charges extra during high use periods, would seem more prudent.

This perhaps would be a challenge, but so would extending our 100-foot high
power grids over 51 miles of the country side. And frankly, both solutions would
create jobs.

It seems that most of this carving through the Vermont countryside is to provide
electricity outside of Vermont. And then it appears that this huge, ugly and
possibly outdated system of poles and wires will actually raise our rates.

We should remember too, that Vermont is still an exceptionally beautiful place,
when many places are losing their beauty to over-development. It would be sad to
look back and realize that we had taken Vermont's spectacular mountains and
valleys for granted.

I have been wondering, as I pass the large high tension corridors along
highways, what makes them seem so ugly to me, and part of it I think is that
they represent coal, nuclear, and oil based power and all that those systems are
doing to the planet.

Kathleen Cameron,

West Brattleboro, Sept. 8

More gubernatorial debates are needed

Editor of the Reformer:

As the race for governor heats up the very lifeblood of democracy is being
drained away by Gov. James Douglas with support from Democratic candidate, Gaye
Symington.

As recently as mid-August, there were two dozen debates and forums scheduled for
public meetings with the candidates. The topics ranged broadly, covering
agriculture, health care, conservation, renewable energy, business, the economy,
education and more.

Bur Douglas has canceled five of these events claiming scheduling conflicts and
Symington has used this as an excuse to withdraw her participation. So far, no
sponsor efforts to reschedule have been successful.

Independent candidate Anthony Pollina has pledged to be present for all debates
and forums. One would hope that candidate Symington would join Pollina on stage
to discuss the issues and where she stands. Apparently, however, she is more
interested in avoiding a real discussion with Pollina and in denying the voting
public opportunity to learn first-hand about her style, her record and her
plans.

Douglas and Symington's cancellations are not in our state's Town Meeting
tradition of involving citizens, nor is it in the spirit of Vermont supporting
direct access to our elected officials.

Advertising and sound bites do not fill the gap. How sad for the citizens of
Vermont.

Peter Cooper,

Brattleboro, Sept. 5

LOAD-DATE: September 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              134 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education
                               www.chronicle.com

                           November 20, 2015  Friday

One Campus Approaches Diversity Training With 'Hard Data and Careful Thought'

BYLINE: Beth McMurtrie

SECTION: ADMINISTRATION; News

LENGTH: 1375  words

ABSTRACT

At the University of Oklahoma, administrators hope candid conversations about
race and bias can help build understanding.

FULL TEXT

Kathleen Wong(Lau) knows that diversity education has its critics.

Some believe that it's designed to teach people to become politically correct,
she says. "I say no, it's not. It's about people able to have good, honest
conflict that's productive."

Ms. Wong(Lau) is head of the University of Oklahoma's Southwest Center for Human
Relations Studies, and designs and runs diversity programs for students, faculty
members, and other people on the campus.

The university began the training this year as part of a broader effort by its
president, David L. Boren, to create a more-inclusive campus culture. Plans for
such changes predate the release last spring of a now-infamous video of white
fraternity members singing a racist chant, but the fallout from the video
accelerated the pace of action.

[[relatedcontent align="center" size="full-width"]] All freshmen and transfer
students are required to take a five-hour diversity course. Academic departments
and other groups, like fraternities and sororities, can also request training
that is tailored to them. In her programs, Ms. Wong(Lau) blends demographic
data, social-science research, and discussion. The goal, she says, is to build
empathy for others' perspectives and to develop skills to talk about complicated
topics like race.

That kind of empathy is critically important, says Ms. Wong(Lau), because it
leads to deep and meaningful discussion, which she feels is lacking on many
campuses. Too often students and professors resort to platitudes or avoid
talking about race altogether for fear of stepping on land mines.

"The first urge is to suppress it," she says. "What I want to do is get everyone
in to talk about it."

Reams of data and research give her credibility with faculty members, Ms.
Wong(Lau) says, and assure professors and students that she's not out to blame
anyone. Rather, she presents documented problems such as unconscious bias, in
which, say, teachers tend to call on boys more than girls, as societal
challenges.

She also discusses issues like "cognitive load" and "stereotype threat,"
technical terms for problems with which many people are familiar, including the
fear of falling into stereotypical behavior. The result, she says, is that we
become emotionally drained and distracted when talking about sensitive topics
like race, rather than open and engaged.

A Question of Identity

When speaking to students in her training sessions, she asks them to think about
their identities. How many do we each have - religion, race, gender, sexual
orientation - and when are they most important? What happens when a student is
seen predominantly by one identity, like race, and not another?

Ms. Wong(Lau), who is also director of the National Conference for Race and
Ethnicity in American Higher Education, often talks in those sessions about her
own experience as an Asian-American. Her father came to the United States at a
time when Chinese immigration was severely restricted. He and thousands of
others purchased forged documents, known as paper names, to pretend that they
were relatives of people here legally. Her surname is a blend of that paper
name, Wong, with her original family name, Lau.

[[pullquote quote="'It's really easy to be vocal and get your thoughts out there
and criticize someone when you think they're wrong,' but it's harder to be
empathetic." align="left" size="half-width"]] Students who have been through her
training said it reminded them of how small moments can have a big impact. For
example, if a student who doesn't look like the stereotypical white Oklahoman is
regularly asked by classmates where he is "really" from, he will end up feeling
as if he doesn't belong even if he spent his entire life in the state.

Everett Brown, a junior who has been through several sessions to train as a
facilitator, says he doesn't expect the course to work miracles, but he believes
it gives people the skills to look at a situation from another perspective.
"It's really easy to be vocal and get your thoughts out there and criticize
someone when you think they're wrong," he says, but it's harder to be
empathetic.

Mr. Brown is a member of OU Unheard, a student group formed last fall to
highlight the concerns of black students on the campus. While he says the
university has real work to do to bring more racial diversity to the campus and
to support minority-student groups, he is optimistic about the direction in
which the campus is moving. "I've heard people have that epiphany moment," he
says. "I'd like to think these conversations wouldn't be had without the
diversity training."

Conflicting Fears

The burden of not knowing how to discuss prejudice can have lasting effects,
says Ms. Wong(Lau), who has also led training sessions for police officers,
government officials, community leaders, and faculty members and students on
other campuses. She was recently asked to talk to an athletic team - she
declines to identify which one or on what campus - after a couple of the players
had been called a racial slur by someone on a rival team. Even though the
offending player had been punished, the coach told Ms. Wong(Lau) that the team
dynamic had completely changed.

[[pullquote quote="'The white students were thinking, 'I hope they think I'm not
racist,' and the people of color were thinking, 'I hope I don't fulfill a
stereotype of not doing well.''" align="right" size="half-width"]] What she
found, she says, was a group of people who didn't know how to talk about racism.
"In this case the white students were thinking, 'I hope they think I'm not
racist,' and the people of color were thinking, 'I hope I don't fulfill a
stereotype of not doing well.'"

She encouraged the students to discuss what had happened - no one had actually
used the word "racism" until she came in - and urged them to offer direct words
of support. Afterward, she said, the team's mood seemed to lighten.

In faculty-training sessions, Ms. Wong(Lau) talks about classroom dynamics and
the role of the professor. She lets people know that, as she puts it, "mild
things matter." If a male student cracks a joke about women getting overly
emotional and the professor just brushes it off, "other students will
unconsciously get the message that this professor will not have my back."

The 'Me, Too' Approach

Interaction may be so subtle, and students either confused or hesitant to speak
out, that the professor doesn't even know what signals he sent. One common
problem Ms. Wong(Lau) sees is the "me, too" approach - attempting to relate to
someone of a different race or background by saying they're essentially similar.
R. Bowen Loftin, the departing chancellor of the University of Missouri at
Columbia, was criticized by a black student for doing exactly that when he
talked to him about growing up in the South.

"We have been taught that, to gain social intimacy, you produce a message that
says, 'I identify with you,'" says Ms. Wong(Lau). That works if everyone in the
group is actually alike. "But if you're in the minority, somebody saying 'I'm
just like you' marginalizes you because it erases the difference."

[[pullquote quote="'If you're in the minority, somebody saying 'I'm just like
you' marginalizes you because it erases the difference.'" align="left"
size="half-width"]] Brian A. Johnson, director of Oklahoma's Honors College
Writing Center, participated in a recent session for faculty members in the
college. The session, he says, was helpful because it enabled him to think
through some of the issues he had been wrestling with in class. "I want to reach
out to those more-quiet students" - some of whom come from different cultures -
"and sometimes I struggle with why they're quiet, and Kathy helped me see that,"
he says.

While he doesn't expect that training will eliminate prejudice, especially the
kind so vividly displayed in the fraternity video, Ms. Wong(Lau)'s program, he
says, "seems to have the ability to confront ignorance with hard data and
careful thought."

Beth McMurtrie writes about campus culture, among other things. Follow her on
Twitter @bethmcmurtrie, or email her at beth.mcmurtrie@chronicle.com

LOAD-DATE: December 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Under a training program designed to create a more-inclusive campus
culture at the U. of Oklahoma, all freshmen and transfer students are required
to take a five-hour diversity course, which includes an intergroup-dialogue
session (pictured).
U. of Oklahoma
One Campus Approaches Diversity Training With 'Hard Data and Careful Thought' 1

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              135 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                           November 26, 2013 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: A; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 750 words


FOOD STAMP CUT WAS MEAN

Nice job on food stamps by Rep. Cathy McMorris Rodgers.

If her strategy is to marginalize the influence of the 5th District in
Washington, D.C., and destroy the Republican brand, Rep. McMorris Rodgers is
doing a bang-up job. What a sad contrast to Speaker Tom Foley, who created
thousands of family-wage jobs, turned Central Washington's desert into a
bountiful food basket and gave us a booming University District. Then there's
Cathy....

First, it was black people and college students: How dare they vote? Then it was
brown people: Let's split up those families before they succeed. Then it was
public employees: How dare they exercise their constitutional right to free
association? Who needs a middle class anyway? Then it was pregnant women, girls
and single mothers: How dare they demand control over their own bodies? Now poor
people: How dare they try to eat?

This last act of meanness should be the last straw for all of us who care about
our community.

When she says grace at the dinner table this Thanksgiving, I hope Cathy includes
in her prayers the 8 million families who are going hungry to build up her bona
fides with the Tea Party.

Jim Wavada

Spokane

CAN'T WISH AWAY HARM

Perhaps the two Gonzaga students and their attorney may consider the doctrine of
competing harm (aka doctrine of necessity) in defense of their actions where
they justifiably utilized an appropriate level of force in defense of
themselves. I would certainly think that such an eminent institution as Gonzaga
University would be familiar with this legal tenet, and would incorporate it
into their decision-making in this case.

Police and security cannot be everywhere at once, as was the case that night,
hence the burden of self-defense is a natural right of all. All that some
criminals understand is the threat of countervailing use of various degrees of
force. If we could just wish crime away with a foolish rule or law, then we
could change the name of police force to fluffy police.

Robert Smith

Coeur d'Alene

PETS AS GIFTS? BE SURE

'Tis the season - when people think a new puppy or kitten is the perfect gift.
May I offer a few suggestions:

First, be sure the recipient wants a live animal as a gift.

Second, be sure the whole family wants a live animal because the pet will be
part of the family and everyone's responsibility. Getting a puppy or a kitten
for a toddler is a cute idea, but puts both the child and the animal at risk.
The animal will lose if there's an incident.

Third, consider buying the dishes, toys and other necessities that the new pet
will need. Put that with a gift certificate from the shelter where the pet will
be adopted - and let the recipient pick out their own new best friend after the
excitement of Christmas Day has passed.

As much as the shelters want everyone home for Christmas, they'd much rather
have people wait a day or two and get a pet that will have a forever home.

Louise Long

Spokane

PROP. 1 WAS UNDERSTOOD

I had to respond to The Spokesman-Review's Nov. 8 editorial. I take exception to
the S-R and Al French stating that we the people of Spokane County didn't
understand what we were voting for regarding Prop. 1. I think the voters of
Spokane County did fully understand what was presented to them, and could see
through the scam that Prop. 1 was.

It was Spokane County and the city of Airway Heights that allowed the trailer
parks to be allowed in the first place. Let's see, trailers with low tax value
vs. light industrial with high tax value?

Al French and the rest of our so-called elected officials need to learn when the
voters say no, we mean no. Maybe if they were so concerned about this, they
should have spent the $5 million they spent on the money pit - sorry, I mean
racetrack - on moving the trailers.

Gerald Goertz

Medical Lake

SIDEBAR:

LETTERS POLICY

The Spokesman-Review invites original letters of no more than 200 words on
topics of public interest. Unfortunately, we don't have space to publish all
letters received, nor are we able to acknowledge their receipt. We accept no
more than one letter a month from the same writer. Please include your daytime
phone number and street address. The Spokesman-Review retains the nonexclusive
right to archive and republish any material submitted for publication.

Send letters to:

Letters to the Editor

The Spokesman-Review

999 W. Riverside Ave.

Spokane, WA 99201

Email: editor@spokesman.com

Fax: (509) 459-3815

Questions: (509) 459-5450

TYPE: Letters

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              136 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Daily Yomiuri

                           September 15, 1996, Sunday

How Chinese women came of age in San Francisco

BYLINE: William Corr ; Yomiuri

SECTION: Pg. 15

LENGTH: 871 words


UNBOUND FEET

A Social History of Chinese

Women in San Francisco

By Judy Yung

University of California Press

395 pp. 20 dollars

Nobody had it very easy arriving in the United States. The American Indians
gamely trudged over the temporary land bridge from Siberia. The Jamestown
settlers complained bitterly that they found no kinsmen to welcome them. And the
Irish, although white, Christian and English-speaking, found Boston and New York
liberally supplied with signs reading, "No Irish Need Apply."

Chinese immigrants found the going especially grim before World War II
transformed U.S. consciousness and society. Discriminatory articles of
legislation were rapidly enacted to exclude and marginalize them. On occasion,
defenseless Chinese immigrants were murdered by bloodthirsty white mobs.

Yet virtue is its own reward. The Chinese worked hard, lived mainly spartan and
frugal lives, and insisted their children study and become professionals--a tale
splendidly told two decades ago by Maxine Hong Kingston in "The Woman Warrior."
Sadly, some fell by the wayside and ruined their lives with gambling or opium,
but the story of the Chinese in the United States in the 20th century has been,
on the whole, an outstanding success.

Judy Yung's contribution to the story of Chinese women in San Francisco took
more than a decade of meticulous research and the resulting exhaustive tome was
worth the effort.

Coping with exclusion from much of American life meant that the Chinese in the
United States functioned as a self-contained nationality, like prewar Polish
Jewry, an isolated fragment of a diaspora within an indifferent host nation.

Chinese women in the United States were a small minority among the Chinese.
Poor, mainly illiterate and usually unable to speak English, they were
cloistered wives with bound feet, de facto slaves of wealthy merchants in the
Chinese community or, very often, prostitutes of the poorest and most wretched
kind.

There are exceptions to every rule: The remarkable and celebrated Ah Toy rose to
be a highly successful madam, but many involuntary recruits to the oldest
profession chose suicide or fled to the care of Christian missions.

Ah Toy was not the only Chinese woman to exploit her fellow countrywomen for
gain; given the opportunity, the Chinese-oppressed became the
Chinese-oppressors, preying on young women and girls barely in their teens in an
unending cycle of traffic and procurement. It is to Yung's credit that she
examines this unsavory aspect of Chinese life in the United States unflinchingly
and honestly. In the age of political correctness, the involvement of minority
groups in criminal activity is inescapably a sensitive topic.

An equally sensitive issue was, and remains, the appalling yet virtually
invisible sweatshops of Chinatown. Yung's tale describes the strikes, lockouts
and blacklistings in the garment industry that inevitably involved Chinese women
on both sides of the conflict.

Until the Pacific War, the Chinese of California--no less than the Japanese--had
little or no involvement in U.S. political life; ties with events in the distant
homeland were stronger. The California Japanese raised 30,000 dollars for the
Imperial war effort in China, yet this was a minuscule fraction of the 5 million
dollars the San Francisco Chinese contributed to Chiang Kai-shek's coffers;
noncontributors were publicly denounced and even humiliatingly paraded through
the streets of Chinatown.

The Sino-Japanese conflict turned Chinese-Americans into indefatigable
fund-raisers and ardent boycotters of Japanese merchandise. Stockings made of
Japanese silk disappeared from Chinatown legs, and intrepid Chinese would boldly
march into Japanese curio stores on Grant Avenue to demand that white customers
support the boycott of Japanese goods.

Chinese-American women were well to the fore in this agitation; the reputation
of the Imperial Japanese Army at Nanjing and elsewhere had made many
hitherto-secluded women of Chinese heritage politically active for the first
time in their lives.

Despite the social isolation of the Chinese in California, there were plenty of
Americans who sympathized with China's sufferings and came into closer contact
with Chinese organizations than would ordinarily have been true. A particularly
dramatic episode for the San Francisco Chinese during the Sino-Japanese conflict
was the protest against the shipping of American scrap iron, essential for the
Japanese war effort, to Japan. In December 1938, 200 Chinese and several hundred
white leftist sympathizers picketed the pier where the S.S. Spyros, owned by
Mitsui Co., was loading scrap. The number of protesters grew to 5,000 by the
fourth day. This and similar protests did much to make white Americans aware of
the U.S. role in the war.

Yung's book is stodgy and overly scholarly. Much of the material is drawn from
her doctoral dissertation and appears here in unrefined and awkward form. And
the ponderous detail of the text may confine its appeal to specialist readers.
It is a pity that Yung's post-1945 epilogue is so brief that it omits mention of
the unique contribution of Annabel Chong to the U.S. movie industry.

LOAD-DATE: September 15, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 The Daily Yomiuri


                              137 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 28, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Threat According to Bush

SECTION: Section A; Column 4; Editorial Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 619 words



To the Editor:

Re ''Backing Policy, President Issues Terror Estimate'' (front page, Sept. 27):

Speaking again in angry tones, President Bush disputed the media's
characterization of the latest National Intelligence Estimate.

The consensus view of 16 spy agencies is that the occupation of Iraq is directly
fueling the radicalism that the United States is trying to combat.

With a single dismissive statement (''I strongly disagree''), the president
sought to marginalize his own employees.

This is not a new approach for Mr. Bush, who ignored countless intelligence
agencies that disputed administration claims of Iraqi weapons of mass
destruction and who chose not to act upon a President's Daily Brief warning of
an attack before 9/11.

Time and time again, the administration has ridiculed or minimized facts that
defy its ideological views.

Stephen D. Goldinger
Gilbert, Ariz., Sept. 27, 2006

To the Editor:

You report that President Bush believes that leaks relating to Iraq and the
spread of terrorism are a result of ''political purposes.''

Of course they are, just as his hasty declassification of portions of the
National Intelligence Estimate report are a result of ''political purposes.''

Democracy allows -- thrives on -- exchanges of conflicting political purpose.
The president's visible anger in his press conference seemed to suggest a
conviction that only ''the decider'' is entitled to such purpose.

What kind of democracy does he envision for Iraq anyway?

Steven Bach
Arlington, Vt., Sept. 27, 2006

To the Editor:

President Bush complains that ''somebody has taken it upon themselves to leak
classified information for political purposes,'' and he criticized both the news
media and the people in government who discussed classified material with
reporters.

I will take the president's comments seriously after he puts his right hand on
the Bible and swears that neither he nor anyone in his administration has ever
leaked information for political purposes.

Otherwise, his comments themselves are, uh, simply political, aren't they?

David Moore
Dallas, Sept. 27, 2006

To the Editor:

President Bush is actually telling us that the conclusions of a major
intelligence report produced by experts we rely on to keep us safe are ''naive''
and that he knows best.

Is there a better example than these remarks to show how truly unsafe we are?

Mary Ryan-Smith
Garden City, N.Y., Sept. 27, 2006

To the Editor:

Re ''The Fine Art of Declassification'' (editorial, Sept. 27):

It's amazing that the media and the political left now accept as gospel the
opinion of American intelligence agencies regarding cause and effect in the war
in Iraq.

After our intelligence agencies got it wrong on weapons of mass destruction, we
were told that they were profoundly dysfunctional and that their opinions and
assessments would be suspect for years to come.

That is, unless their assessments are useful to attack the Bush administration
with. Then they're spot on.

If the war in Iraq has served as a recruitment tool for terrorists, that's
normal. The same thing happens in all wars. When the battle is joined,
recruitment and manufacture of armaments go up before eventually declining.

Mark R. Godburn
Sheffield, Mass., Sept. 27, 2006

To the Editor:

The National Intelligence Estimate report has said in short what many critics of
the Iraq war have been saying for a long time: it has increased terrorist
activity in Iraq and further destabilized the region.

Even in the face of this evidence from the government's own 16 spy agencies,
President Bush calls doubters of the Bush Iraq policy ''naive.'' What I want to
know is: Does that include the 16 spy agencies?

Justin Finney
Austin, Tex., Sept. 27, 2006

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              138 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Calgary Herald (Alberta)

                            April 21, 2011 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Shifting skill demand; Some workers are pushed down the skills ladder: Economist

BYLINE: Eric Lam, Financial Post

SECTION: CALGARY BUSINESS; Pg. D8

LENGTH: 704  words


For the first time, the United States has more people working in highly skilled
and low-skilled jobs than middle-skilled workers as the technological revolution
marginalizes secretaries, bookkeepers, factory workers and clerks, a new study
from TD Economics said Tuesday.

After a decade of decline, the middle-skilled group of workers in the United
States officially fell to a minority 49% of the total workforce in 2009, said
Beata Caranci, deputy chief economist with TD and author of the study, in an
interview. In 1999, TD data showed 55% of Americans worked in so-called
middle-skilled jobs.

Between 1999 and 2009, the proportion of high-skill workers rose to 31% from
27%, while 20% of U.S. workers were in low-skill occupations, a
two-percentage-point increase.

While the results were focused on the United States, the trend is practically a
universal one among developed economies, suggesting Canada's workforce faces a
similar shift.

"Technology does not have borders. We've seen the same kind of downsizing in
manufacturing here," she said. "If the premise is any routine task can be
replaced by technology, then Canadian jobs would be subject to the same forces."

This is likely because many middle-skill workers, who are neither the
highest-paid nor the highesteducated, hold jobs that are heavily repetitive.
This includes bookkeeping, clerical work, or repetitive production tasks, which
have all suffered as computers and the rise of the Internet have accelerated the
speed of automation over the past decade.

Highly skilled positions, on the other hand, often require high-level reasoning
or complex decision-making. And low-skill positions tend to be the domain of
those with little formal education and focused on manual labour. Examples
include janitors and security personnel.

This leaves Ontario, home to a wide manufacturing base as well as well-developed
financial services and major technology hubs, in an awkward position.

"Ontario is a bit unique. Whereas in the United States the Northeast has carved
out a hub and a firstmover advantage in biotech, and venture capital markets on
top of the South, which has a labour advantage of its own in terms of the low
cost of labour, Ontario is a mix of the two," she said. "So it might not be a
story of the province, but rather of regions, say Toronto versus Windsor."

In the United States, northeastern states such as New Jersey, Massachusetts, New
York and Connecticut have developed an advantage in attracting highly skilled
labour, while sunny southern states such as Florida, dependent on the tourism
industry, are dominated by low-skill jobs while also nurturing burgeoning
high-skill industries.

Stuck playing catch-up are states and regions with large middle-skill
manufacturing bases, such as the Carolinas and sprawling manufacturing centres
in southwestern Ontario.

While some workers can be retrained, such as a bookkeeper learning to use
account software, not all middle-skilled workers will get the opportunity.

"The question is what to do with those middle-skilled workers who lose those
jobs," Ms. Caranci said. "The idea is to push them up the skills ladder, and
that's a policy challenge."

However, there is a real risk that a portion of those workers are being pushed
down the ladder instead.

"We can't have everybody in the same job. You do need someone to clean those
buildings and dig those ditches. The unfortunate thing is middle-skilled jobs
are better-paying. And if it is those people who are losing out on opportunities
to move up, then that means less money circulating in consumption and less money
to pay off debt," Ms. Caranci said.

Interestingly though, the U.S. Bureau of Labor Statistics has identified the top
five fastest-growing low-skill professions in the United States projected
through 2018 as all health related, including home health aides, physical
therapist aides, as well as dental and medical assistants.

Considering the aging populations on both sides of the border, it is likely
Canada will also see strong growth in this sector, she said.

The two jobs for growth at the high end of the skills scale were projected to be
biomedical engineers and network and systems and data communications analysts.

erlam@nationalpost.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Ian Lindsay, Postmedia News Service; Demand for highly skilled workers
like laboratory technicians is increasing in Canada.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


Copyright 2011 The Calgary Herald, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              139 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  March 31, 1993, WEDNESDAY, FIVE STAR Edition

JUSTICE FOR JANITORS

BYLINE: William Stodghill

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 3C

LENGTH: 676 words

COMMENTARY COLUMN


On the surface, the efforts of 2,000 impoverished janitors and their families to
win justice may seem like a typical labor dispute. But it is much much more. It
is a battle for the heart and soul of our city. It is a battle over the kind of
economy we are going to have and ultimately about whether St.  Louis can survive
and prosper as ever-increasing numbers of workers are given this message: It
doesn't pay to work.

When most people go home at night to eat dinner with their families, our members
go to work doing the dirty, difficult job of cleaning up after the rest of us.
For wages well below the poverty level, janitors clean our toilets, pick up our
garbage and mop our floors. Our city couldn't function without janitors - yet
our employers tell us we don't deserve a living wage.

A national debate is raging about how the United States creates a high-wage
economy and how it maintains a decent standard of living. One of the
fastest-growing occupations in this country is janitorial work. If we decide it
is acceptable to marginalize and impoverish janitors - a growth segment of the
economy - what are we saying about the kind of society we are creating?

Should we be surprised as an expanding chasm between the rich and poor leads to
growing social tension and strife? Should we be surprised if the cities again
explode in hopelessness and rage?

Choices we make about how we value work and how we pay and treat workers will
dramatically affect all of our futures.

Janitors have low-wage jobs in St. Louis because we are paid very little.  It
may seem simplistic - but the cause of poverty for janitors is the wages, not
the job.

There is no economic or moral justification for janitors' low wages.  There is
nothing inherent in the job that requires poverty-level wages. In most U.S.
cities, janitors make two and three times more than janitors do in St.  Louis.

In Portland, Ore., Philadelphia, Hartford, Conn., Minneapolis, Chicago, New York
- in city after city - janitors make between $ 6 and $ 12 an hour with insurance
and pensions. In these cities hard work is rewarded, not punished.  In these
cities janitors don't need welfare, food stamps and other taxpayer subsidies in
addition to working to survive.

In these cities it has been demonstrated that the service economy of the future
does not have to be a nightmare of low wages and numbing poverty.

If we are successful in our efforts to improve wages for St. Louis janitors, we
will have won a victory for more than economic improvements for these poor
workers. We will have taken an important step and sent a message that St. Louis
values work - that St. Louis believes in equity and justice and, most important,
that St. Louis wants to grow and build our economy based on prosperity, not
poverty.

Though I hope we will win and believe we will win, I am terrified at the
potential consequences of our losing.

Not just for our members, whose already difficult lives will become worse, but
for young people, for minorities, for all workers who will have learned a
horrible lesson.

They will have learned that the system does not work. They will have learned
that working does not pay. They will have learned that our laws don't work, that
collective bargaining doesn't work. They will have learned that our city and
society don't care about the less fortunate. They will have learned that,
although our new president has said it's time for a change, the 90s will just be
more of the same for African-American and low-wage workers.

Hope offers unlimited opportunity. Hopelessness leads to a terrible combination
of rage and despair. Janitors and St. Louis need a future based on hope, a
future with opportunity and a future where the system works.

It is the responsibility and obligation of everyone to fight for the powerless
and poorest among us. If we don't, we all will pay a much greater price, a
terrifying price as the moral foundation of our city crumbles and we have to
live in a society where rage, not reason, reigns.

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 1993

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1993 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              140 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              Journal of Commerce

                           January 9, 1997, Thursday

Reaching for the wrong job rungs

BYLINE: BY SHERWOOD ROSS

SECTION: Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 483 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Temporary workers have the ladders to advancement kicked out from under them, a
university sociologist contends.

""What we're seeing is that firms have restructured in ways to permanently
marginalize temporary workers,'' said Martina Morris, a sociologist and
statistician at Pennsylvania State University. For these workers, ""the internal
job ladders are no longer there, and once they get into these temporary,
short-term jobs, they just churn from one of these jobs to another, '' Ms.
Morris said.

Her view was disputed by Bruce Steinberg, spokesman for the National Association
of Temporary & Staffing Services, Alexandria, Va.

""Actually, temporary help can offer job ladders where they did not previously
exist in a permanent situation,'' he said.

Economist Julie Hotchkiss of Georgia State University found that workers who
take temporary jobs ""may be better off in the long run because a transitional
job will relieve enough financial pressure to give them the bargaining power to
hold out for higher wages or a better job.''

According to Penn State's Ms. Morris, though, temporary workers receive lower
pay and benefits and have fewer chances for promotion than regular company
employees.

It is ""strategies within American companies themselves'' that are creating ""an
increasingly unbridgeable gap in the U.S. labor force between haves and
have-nots,'' she said. As more businesses lower costs by subcontracting
noncritical tasks such as secretarial, data entry and facilities management, "
"they drive a wedge between workers in stable, well-paid core jobs and those in
contingent dead-end jobs.''

The Penn State sociologist said that, between 1968 and 1987, much of the
increase in part-time employment was involuntary. The affected workers either
were laid off or only found part-time jobs.

A classic example of jobs that have been shifted to outside contractors are
back-office operations in Brooklyn and New Jersey of Manhattan's big retail
banks. ""You get a bunch of people on a phone bank handling customer-service
operations for credit cards, for example, who are completely segmented in terms
of location from New York, and whose chances for upward mobility are extremely
small,'' Ms. Morris said.

If present trends continue, Ms. Morris predicted, there will be ""a decline in
middle-class job holders and an increase in the percentage of the workers
churning through various low-wage contingent jobs.''

A report published last year by the Economic Policy Institute in Washington
found that temporary workers earn $178 a week less than permanent workers and
""generally have much lower access to health and other employer-provided
benefits.''

""While 53.9 percent of noncontingent workers have health insurance through
their employers, only 20.4 percent of contingent workers have such coverage, ''
the liberal research organization found.

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1997 Journal of Commerce, Inc.


                              141 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                   January 11, 1997, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Temporary workers seen as having little chance to advance

BYLINE: SHERWOOD ROSS, REUTERS

SECTION: WORKPLACE; Pg. G17

LENGTH: 615 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Temporary workers have the ladders to advancement kicked out from under them, a
university sociologist says.

"What we're seeing is that firms have restructured in ways to permanently
marginalize temporary workers," said Martina Morris, a sociologist and
statistician at Pennsylvania State University.

For these workers, "the internal job ladders are no longer there and once they
get into these temporary, short-term jobs they just churn from one of these jobs
to another," Morris said.

Her view was disputed by Bruce Steinberg, spokesman for the National Association
of Temporary and Staffing Services (NATSS), Alexandria, Va.

"Actually, I see it as temporary help can often offer job ladders where they did
not previously exist in a permanent situation," he said.

Economist Julie Hotchkiss of Georgia State University found that workers who
take temporary jobs "may be better off in the long run because a transitional
job will relieve enough financial pressure to give them the bargaining power to
hold out for higher wages or a better job."

According to Morris, temporary workers receive lower pay and benefits, and have
fewer chances for promotion than regular company employees.

"The key question affecting employees is wage and career mobility, with core and
peripheral workers being increasingly segmented in terms of salary and
advancement potential," she said.

"Strategies within American companies themselves" are creating "an increasingly
unbridgeable gap in the U.S. labor force between haves and have-nots," Morris
claimed.

As more businesses lower costs by subcontracting non-critical tasks such as
secretarial, data entry and facilities management, Morris said, "they drive a
wedge between workers in stable, well-paid core jobs and those in contingent
dead-end jobs."

The Penn State sociologist compared labor market data for workers in the late
1960s and in the early 1980s, which she said enabled her to review changes in
employment outcomes over time.

With senior research associate Annette Bernhardt, of Teachers College at
Columbia University, she examined wage profiles, firm restructuring and labor
market segmentation.

Between 1968 and 1987, much of the increase in part-time employment, was
"involuntary," Morris said. The affected workers were laid off or "could only
find a job of this sort," she said.

A classic example of jobs that have been shifted to outside contractors, she
said, are the back-office operations in Brooklyn and New Jersey of Manhattan's
big retail banks.

"You get a bunch of people on a phone bank handling customer service operations
for credit cards, for example . . . who are completely segmented in terms of
location from New York and whose chances for upward mobility are extremely
small," Morris said.

"Even their chances of moving laterally are made more difficult by their
geographic isolation."

If trends continue, Morris said, there will be "a decline in middle-class job
holders and an increase in the percentage of the workers churning through
various low-wage contingent jobs."

A report published last year by the Economic Policy Institute in Washington,
D.C., found that contingent, or temporary, workers earn $ 178 US a week less
than permanent workers and "generally have much lower access to health and other
employer-provided benefits."

"While 53.9 per cent of noncontingent workers have health insurance through
their employers, only 20.4 per cent of contingent workers have such coverage,"
the liberal non-profit research organization reported.

The Issue: Temporary workers.

What's New: University sociologist says workers 'churn' from one temporary job
to another.


LOAD-DATE: January 12, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1997 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              142 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           August 11, 2010 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Shame on states cutting services for 'most vulnerable'

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 432 words


I thank USA TODAY for highlighting the plight of the disabled in this era of
imposed austerity. I, like many others who are the "most vulnerable" but least
powerful, will bear the costs when services are reduced ("States cut funds for
disabled," News, Friday).

I ask: What kind of country will America  become if it further allocates wealth
to the rich, removes what few safety nets remain for the disadvantaged, and
marginalizes others who play no active, productive and profit-enriching role in
the economic order? Is the forthcoming America to be devoid of social
consciousness?

It seems that for today and the foreseeable future, a dynasty of financial and
business managers will engineer our sinking ship from Wall Street, commanding
people to shout: "Defeat the debt, shrink the deficit, bolster the bond markets,
shrink government spending and lower taxes." The measure of that civilization
is: "Man the lifeboats! The rich and powerful go first."

We  should reappraise our country, its ethos and morality. These cuts are
inarguably indicative of a culture that is morally degenerating.

Michael T. Bucci

Damariscotta, Maine

End institutional bias

In-home assistance costs far less than institutional care for people with
disabilities.  Nevertheless, the "institutional bias" of Medicaid funding
continues because those who profit from institutional care have more clout --
and better lobbyists -- than individuals with disabilities and their families.

Medicaid and Supplemental Security Income  contribute significantly to our
nation's financial woes, but the majority of those funds do not go to people
with disabilities, to help them live more productive lives; instead, they line
the pockets of nursing homes, provider agencies and others.

The institutional bias of Medicaid must be eliminated. When that occurs, people
with disabilities will be able to take their rightful places in society, and our
nation's debt and deficits will be reduced.

Kathie Snow

Woodland Park, Colo.

The writer is the mother of Benjamin, a 23-year-old with a disability, and hosts
www.disabilityisnatural.com.

Target other benefits

Your article about states cutting services for people with disabilities
certainly elicited empathy from every caring person. It also notes that
California has a $19.1 billion deficit, which would force major tax increases,
major spending cuts or both.

But if  the state must cut, and cut  it must, why not that small-town California
official making $800,000 per year,  or the many other  generous benefits that
California state employees and residents receive?

Robert Gatz

Midlothian, Va.

LOAD-DATE: August 11, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Jessica Brandi Lifland for USA TODAY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2010 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              143 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    October 10, 2000, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Bungled opportunities led to current Mideast crisis

BYLINE: Barbara Slavin

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 779 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


WASHINGTON -- A year ago, Middle East analysts were salivating
at the prospect of a comprehensive peace that would marginalize
the radicals who have fomented violence in the region.

Now, "the nasty elements are riding high," says Rashid Khalidi,
head of the Center for International Studies at the University
of Chicago.

Religious extremists are leading demonstrations throughout the
Arab world, Lebanese guerrillas are kidnapping Israeli soldiers
and Jews and Arabs are at each other's throats once again.

The atavistic emotions reflect a sense of betrayal on the part
of many Israeli Jews, who thought that their days of war were
over, and intense frustration among Arabs over a peace process
that has brought no peace and little economic development or political
freedom.


Israeli Prime Minister Ehud Barak, whose ultimatum for an end
to clashes is on hold, might form a government with Ariel Sharon,
the opposition leader whose visit to Jerusalem's most disputed
religious site 12 days ago lit the match that set off the explosion.
Such a government would be a war cabinet in Arab eyes.

Months before the "days of rage" consumed the latest hopes for
peace, momentum seemed to be going the other way. In March, Syria's
then-president, Hafez Assad, embarked for Geneva with an entourage
of more than 100 experts. He came to meet President Clinton and
hear Barak's offer to trade the Israeli-occupied Golan Heights
for a peace treaty. An accord with Syria is viewed as the key
to a lasting Arab-Israeli settlement because of Syria's influence
over extremists in the region.

Why Assad chose to reject compromise and take a hard line remains
in dispute. Syrian officials say Assad rejected the offer because
it failed to meet his long-standing demand for every inch of territory
that Israel captured in war in 1967. Leon Fuerth, Vice President
Gore's national security adviser, says Assad "flipped signals"
at the last moment. Some pro-Israeli analysts say Assad, conscious
of his own mortality, decided to concentrate on consolidating
the succession of his son, Bashar, as president.

The Syrian leader died in June, taking the answer with him. But
on this there is no dispute: The failure of Israel and Syria to
clinch an agreement in March reduced dramatically the chances
for an Israeli-Palestinian agreement and laid the groundwork for
the violence that is tearing up the region and reawakening hatred
for Israel and its ally, the United States.

"Geneva was a pivotal moment," says Edward Djerejian, a former
U.S. ambassador to both Israel and Syria who directs the Baker
Institute of Public Policy at Rice University in Houston. "It
would have changed the dynamics and enhanced the possibility of
achieving agreement on the final status issues with the Palestinians."

Analysts say the ambitious strategy for peace outlined by Barak
when he came into office in July 1999 faltered because of mistakes
on all sides:

* Barak took too long to begin negotiations with Syria,
waiting until December to confirm previous Israeli commitments
to withdraw from the Golan Heights. By then, he was facing domestic
problems that narrowed his room to maneuver.

* Assad's poor health and unwillingness to meet with Barak
obliged the United States to be the go-between and made the negotiations
extremely cumbersome. An Israeli leak of a draft treaty in January
embarrassed the Syrians and further reduced the possibility for
creative compromise.

* Seeking an agreement with Syria first, Barak gave little
attention to the Palestinians and reneged on withdrawals. By the
time he changed focus, he seemed so eager for a deal that Palestinian
leader Yasser Arafat felt less pressure to compromise.

* Arafat did little to prepare his constituents for an
agreement and rejected a partial peace that would delay resolution
of the most sensitive issue: Jerusalem's fate.

* Clinton nudged Barak to negotiate with Syria without
seriously questioning the Israeli's proposals. The administration
also failed to prepare the Arab world for a compromise over Jerusalem.

When they were in office, Secretary of State James Baker, President
Jimmy Carter and Secretary of State Henry Kissinger "had their
own strategies, but President Clinton didn't," Khalidi says.
"Barak was too smart by half, and Arafat has not shown much statesmanship,
either."

"Who knows what will happen?" asks Itamar Rabinovitch, a former
Israeli ambassador to the United States and negotiator with Syria.
"Hopefully the situation can be stabilized -- but I don't see
a miraculous development coming out of this."

LOAD-DATE: October 10, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              144 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            August 30, 2008 Saturday

Spate of lefties keeps Minnesota Twins' Brian Buscher on bench

BYLINE: By Phil Miller pmiller@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Twins

LENGTH: 744 words


OAKLAND, Calif. -- Brian Buscher's forced vacation just got another day longer.

The Blue Jays will start David Percey in the opener of next week's series in
Toronto, the seventh consecutive left-hander the Twins have faced. That means
manager Ron Gardenhire will have to decide one more time between Randy Ruiz and
Jason Kubel, and it likely means Buscher, nominally the Twins' regular third
baseman, will get one more night on the bench.

"You like everybody to get an opportunity, and you like to keep mixing players
in," Gardenhire said. "I know Buscher would like to face left-handers, but
you've still got to put out what you think is the best lineup against any given
pitcher. It's not the time of year when you try to find out if a guy can hit
someone."

This streak of left-handers is the longest since 1991, when the New York Mets
also faced seven in a row. And it threatened to marginalize Kubel, as well,
because the right-handed-hitting Ruiz has burst onto the Twins' roster by
hitting .320 in his first month.

But Gardenhire started Kubel against Oakland's Dan Meyer on Friday (and was
rewarded with two hits, including a double, and two RBIs) and decided to use him
again Saturday night against Dallas Braden.

"Kubel can hit lefties," Gardenhire said, though his average is .218 even after
Friday's success. "He's going to go get his swings no matter what."

Still, finding room for Kubel during this week isn't easy, Gardenhire said,
particularly with Ruiz, who really doesn't have a position but designated
hitter, swinging the bat so well.

"We could play Kubel more in the outfield, but when you do, you take away all
that coverage out there. I just hate doing that," Gardenhire said. "Kubel in
right, he's OK out there, but (Carlos) Gomez and (Denard) Span, that's coverage.
Nothing lands out there, and it's hard to take them out."

So Kubel, like Buscher, has mostly sat this week, trying to stay prepared. It
worked out Friday, when Kubel bashed Meyer's second-inning pitch for a
run-scoring double.

"It's tough, but we've got a lot of guys really hitting," Kubel said. When
you're out of the lineup for several days, "you just have to focus on your
at-bats, every one. Just make sure you're ready and see every pitch."

When Kubel plays, it gives the Twins four left-handed hitters among the first
five batters; no wonder the Twins have more at-bats -- 1,420 entering Saturday
-- than any other team in baseball. But the streak has allowed hitters to get
unusually comfortable against left-handers, too.

"After a while you just get used to it, and I get really comfortable," said
Span, who is hitting .328 against lefties and only .297 against right-handers.
"If you face seven righties in a row, then a lefty is tough. That's when it gets
you."

Actually, most lefties "got" Span in Class AAA this year, which makes his
success all the more remarkable. He reported to the Twins in June hitting just
.174 against left-handers.

"That was a fluke. I've never hit that poorly," he said. "I'm working on it
every day now. (Hitting coach) Joe Vavra gives me left-handed flips every day,
working on keeping my shoulder in. You've got to stay on the ball a little
longer against left-handers; it's a timing thing. But I'm feeling good now."

Briefly: The planned experiment with Brendan Harris at first base apparently
won't happen. Gardenhire, who had mulled over trying Harris at first base, sent
Buscher to relieve Justin Morneau in the late innings of Friday's rout and
essentially said Buscher is Morneau's backup now that Mike Lamb has been
designated for assignment.

"Until I see Harry go over there and take ground balls, which he's done exactly
one time since I told him to, then I won't be putting him over there,"
Gardenhire said. "I'm not afraid to put Buscher over there and give Morneau a DH
day. Buscher can play first base."


     ·    The Athletics sent Meyer to Class AAA after his 1 2/3-inning disaster
          Friday and placed designated hitter Frank Thomas on the disabled list
          with a strained right quad. Veteran closer Keith Foulke was activated
          for Saturday's game, back after two months on the disabled list with
          right shoulder inflammation.



     ·    The Elizabethton (Tenn.) Twins defeated the Pulaski (Va.) Mariners 7-0
          on Friday to sweep the best-of-three Appalachian League championship
          series.



     ·    Morneau's second-inning double Friday was the 150th of his career.
          Morneau had four hits in that game, the fifth time he's managed that
          feat -- and all five have come on the road.


LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              145 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            August 31, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Los Angeles Mayor Gains Control of the Schools, but Hardly Total Control

BYLINE: By JENNIFER STEINHAUER

SECTION: Section A; Column 1; National Desk; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 839 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES, Aug. 30


With a push of legislators' voting buttons, Los Angeles on Tuesday night became
the first American city west of Chicago to hand the reins of its deeply troubled
public schools to the mayor, at least nominally.

''I cannot possibly convey the sense of hope I feel for our city's future right
now,'' Mayor Antonio R. Villaraigosa said at a celebratory news conference on
Wednesday outside a charter school in South Los Angeles.

But the measure passed by the State Legislature, which Gov. Arnold
Schwarzenegger has vowed to sign sight unseen, bears little resemblance to those
passed by lawmakers in New York, Boston and Chicago in recent years.

The legislation, almost certain to be challenged in court, gives little real
power to the mayor, spreading it instead among myriad officials. Further, it
leaves many important decisions in the hands of the very school board that such
legislation usually seeks to marginalize. As a result, school management experts
said, the legislation lacks the central component of most reform efforts:
accountability.

''The typical argument for mayoral control is that it will focus responsibility
and accountability with one person,'' said Joseph P. Viteritti, a professor of
public policy at Hunter College who closely follows school governing battles
around the country.

''The thinking is that if the mayor is accountable for the school district,''
Professor Viteritti said, ''it will have more leadership and the mayor will
focus more attention on the school district, and this is true in New York and
Boston. The problem with L.A. is that you really are not unifying
accountability, because the mayor is one of several chief executives who are in
charge.''

Since he was elected 15 months ago, Mr. Villaraigosa had worked to take over the
school system, the nation's second-largest, which educates 727,000 students over
a far-flung swath of Los Angeles County. He visited New York this year, vowing
to emulate the governing structure of its district.

Like many other urban school systems, the Los Angeles Unified School District
has had a dismal record for years, with a dropout rate of about 50 percent and
more than 80 percent of its fourth graders lacking proficiency in reading and
math.

But this summer, facing opposition from the teachers' union as well as school
board members and elected officials from around the region, Mr. Villaraigosa
quickly reduced his proposal to something he and his aides thought would be more
palatable, and continued to pare it as he struggled to get the votes he needed
in Sacramento.

In the most significant concession, Mr. Villaraigosa, rather than hold sole
authority over the system, will now oversee it with a ''council of mayors'' from
26 other cities that it serves. (He will have a louder voice on matters that
come before that council, because its voting procedure will be based on
population.)

The seven-member elected school board will lose virtually all its authority to
oversee billions of dollars in contracts and the district's $7.4 billion
operating budget, ceding it instead to a superintendent. But the board will
continue to choose the curriculum, the authority over which was a cornerstone of
mayoral control in New York. And the superintendent will still be picked by the
board, although the council of mayors will hold veto power over the choice.

Mr. Villaraigosa will have direct control over something: three underperforming
high schools and their feeder schools, a scaled-down version of the chancellor's
district that existed in New York before the mayor took control there.

On Wednesday, Mr. Villaraigosa described his victory in language quite different
from that he used several months ago when he began his campaign to take over the
schools. ''It wasn't really a vote for mayoral control,'' he said of the
legislators' move, ''it was a vote for community control.''

But those opposing the measure on various grounds, some of whom spent much of
Tuesday desperately trying to dissuade lawmakers from passing it, maintain that
there is little in the bill that spells a fix for the troubled schools.

''There is nothing in this proposal that underlies any particular reform,'' said
State Senator Dean Florez, a Democrat from the southern San Joaquin Valley, who
voted against the bill. ''There is no money attached to it, no budget and no
goals.''

Francis Shen, a Harvard University fellow who is writing a book about mayoral
control, said he was skeptical of how much such watered-down legislation could
accomplish.

''I would guess over the next three to five years there will be improvement,''
Mr. Shen said. ''I don't think it will be miraculous.''

While the governor has said he will sign the bill, it will almost certainly face
a legal challenge: the State Constitution stipulates that cities cannot control
local school systems. But the bill's supporters say that with Mr. Villaraigosa
required to share power with the council of mayors from elsewhere in the county,
the legislation will withstand a court challenge.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 31, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: After at least a nominal victory on Tuesday night, Mayor Antonio
R. Villaraigosa received congratulations. (Photo by Rich Pedroncelli/Associated
Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              146 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 14, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Necessary Medicine?

BYLINE: By KEVIN SACK

SECTION: Section WK; Column 0; Week in Review Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 1328 words


President-elect Barack Obama placed a heavy bet last week that the
recession-wracked country he is about to inherit has finally reached its tipping
point on health care.

It might seem counterintuitive to gamble that political and economic forces
would converge at such a low point after more than half a century of failure.
The Treasury has never been so overcommitted, and providing ''affordable,
accessible health care for every single American,'' as Mr. Obama describes his
goal, would require substantial resources up front.

But Mr. Obama, like others, sees political opportunity in the country's economic
distress, and he threw in last week with those who argue that the financial
crisis has only made it more imperative to remake the health delivery system --
that, in fact, economic recovery depends on it.

In nominating the former Senate leader, Thomas A. Daschle, as both director of a
new White House office of health reform and secretary of health and human
services, Mr. Obama made explicit that the reeling economy had not softened his
commitment. The issue had been crystallized, he said, by the plight of American
automakers, who assert that health care expenses add anywhere from $1,100 to
$1,500 to the price of a car.

''Year after year, our leaders offer up detailed health plans with great fanfare
and promise, only to see them fail, derailed by Washington politics and
influence peddling,'' Mr. Obama said at Thursday's news conference in Chicago.
''This simply cannot continue. The runaway cost of health care is punishing
families and businesses across our country.''

With that sense of the battle-scarred history of health care politics, Mr. Obama
began a careful campaign to frame the issue more as a pocketbook concern than a
moral one. Given that four of five Americans are dissatisfied with health costs,
while only 15 percent lack insurance, strategists have argued since the Clinton
health care debacle of the 1990s that success would depend on persuading the
vast middle of its economic self-interest.

It was no accident that Mr. Obama emphasized that reducing costs would be ''the
starting point'' of his efforts.

With health insurance premiums rising this decade at four times the rate of
inflation, and draining a growing share of personal income, middle-class support
for an overhaul would seem to be reaching critical mass. If a broad swath of
Americans feel destabilized enough by health costs, their demands for relief
could help marginalize the kind of opposition from entrenched interests that has
killed previous efforts.

''Most Americans are troubled by the lack of universal insurance, but what
really frightens them is the prospect that their own insurance won't protect
their health or family finances,'' said Jacob S. Hacker, a political scientist
at the University of California at Berkeley and an authority on health care.
''That's a fear that more and more Americans are facing as health costs
skyrocket and job security plummets.''

Mr. Obama seems to recognize that the recession, with its devastating job
losses, affords him the potential to accelerate public opinion. To broaden
support for his plan -- whatever it ends up being -- he insisted last week that
systematic improvements in health care would be essential to any lasting
economic recovery.

''It's not something that we can sort of put off because we're in an
emergency,'' he said. ''This is part of the emergency.''

Mr. Obama said his health plan would be ''intimately woven into'' his
administration's economic blueprint. And he directly confronted those who might
ask how the country could afford a major expansion of health coverage in times
of shrinking revenues and burgeoning deficits. ''I ask a different question,''
Mr. Obama said. ''I ask how can we afford not to?''

Indeed, the economic consequences of the system's inadequacies have come into
stark relief with the economy's deterioration. Rarely have they been felt so
directly by such a broad spectrum of people.

Researchers at Georgetown University's Center for Children and Families estimate
that 4.1 million people lost their employer-sponsored insurance over the last
year, and that two million of them remain uninsured. Across the country, the
chronically ill report they are deferring care and splitting pills because they
can no longer afford out-of-pocket costs.

Employers are being pushed to the brink, from general stores to General Motors,
which reportedly spends more per car on health care than on steel. States are
facing unsustainable increases in demand for public insurance programs and are
cutting benefits, eligibility levels and provider payments in order to balance
budgets.

''The case for action has been compelling for a long time, but getting our
political system to act requires a widespread sense of crisis and broad resolve
among political leaders,'' Mr. Hacker said. ''In fostering that sense of crisis
and that resolve, the current severe downturn has been hugely important.''

There has been pressure from Congressional Democrats for Mr. Obama to stand
strong on health care, with influential committee chairmen like Senators Max
Baucus of Montana and Edward M. Kennedy of Massachusetts making it an unwavering
priority. They are ready to take up legislation early next year, a task made
easier by Mr. Obama's plea for immediate action and by tentative encouragement
from business, labor and provider groups.

Those interested parties may retreat once details make clear whose ox will be
gored. Well-financed health insurers and business groups waged a brutally
successful campaign against the Clinton health care plan, and doctors and
hospitals have done much the same in state legislatures.

There is a rough consensus, certainly among the Democrats who control both
houses, around many key components of the Obama plan -- to expand government
subsidization of insurance for the poor, to stimulate competition through a new
government plan, to require insurers to accept those with pre-existing medical
problems and to invest in computerization, prevention and payment incentives for
better care.

Less certain, of course, is how to pay for it. During the campaign, Mr. Obama
said he would get about half of the necessary total, estimated at more than $100
billion a year, by raising taxes on those making more than $250,000. The rest
was to come from savings generated by various efficiencies (their value is a
matter of considerable dispute).

Mr. Obama reaffirmed on Thursday that his proposal to roll back the Bush tax
cuts might be deferred because of the recession. ''We're probably going to have
to, then, find additional dollars to pay for some investments in the short
term,'' he said, adding that he wants his health plan to pay for itself over a
decade.

Some of those dollars may be found by packaging health care initiatives as
stimulus measures, a recessionary opportunity presented by the public's
acceptance of deficit spending to spur the economy. What, after all, is $100
billion for health coverage if the government can print $700 billion to bail out
the banks?

The Obama transition and leaders in Congress are negotiating a massive stimulus
package that could include $40 billion in health care spending over two years.
Among the likely beneficiaries would be state Medicaid programs and computerized
health records, both of which Mr. Obama had vowed to expand long before the
recession.

Jonathan B. Oberlander, who teaches health politics at the University of North
Carolina at Chapel Hill, said recessionary pressures had raised the chances for
change from nil to possible. The question, he said, is whether Mr. Obama and Mr.
Daschle can harness the new urgency and marginalize the opposition that will
inevitably emerge.

''The history of health reform is replete with instances of reformers believing
this time it's inevitable,'' Mr. Oberlander said. ''Those prior tipping points
all turned out to be mirages.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: PART OF THE PROBLEM: Computerizing medical records is one
cost-saving Obama proposal. (PHOTOGRAPH BY LIBRADO ROMERO/THE NEW YORK TIMES)
(pg.WK4) DRAWING (DRAWING BY JULIA HOFFMAN) (pg.WK1)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              147 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 29, 2016 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

Reducing Funding for the Humanities

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 582 words


To the Editor:

Re ''A Rising Call to Foster STEM Fields, and Decrease Liberal Arts Funding''
(Business Day, Feb. 22):

By moving to defund and marginalize the humanities in public universities,
Republican state leaders misrepresent an ideological agenda as a mere question
of dollars and cents. Having resoundingly lost the culture wars on campus, they
now seek to use the power of the purse to do what the power of ideas could not
do. They deploy budgetary power to force young people away from disciplines that
would provide them with a critical perspective on the present, and with a
knowledge of other cultures, languages and ages.

It is easy to see why a reduction of education to simple job training would
please leaders in a political party that rejects history, science and knowledge
of all cultures other than our own. Parents of public university students should
be outraged. Their children are being denied the tools for a full life in a
vital democracy.

TIMOTHY HAMPTON

Berkeley, Calif.

The writer is chairman of the French department at the University of California,
Berkeley.

To the Editor:

Who says a $45,000 salary is bad? That's what your article suggests, citing this
as the average salary for new graduates who majored in humanities.

I am nearly 56 and have a degree in history. When in college, many years ago, I
took classes in science, literature, history, art, philosophy and more. I work
in the humanities. I am not a lavish spender and feel that a salary of $45,000
is more than adequate.

I have my current job in the humanities because I returned to school in my 40s
to gain technical skills, after the rise of the Internet. Combining 30 years of
humanities skills plus fairly cutting-edge tech skills made me extremely
marketable. A broad education is vital. But staying current is critical.

No one should be bullied into studying something that does not appeal, and a
high salary is not going to make a sad person happy. What's important is how
colleges combine the humanities with tech skills so students graduate with
knowledge and market savvy.

KATHERINE ESPOSITO

Madison, Wis.

To the Editor:

That state and national politicians denounce education in the humanities and
liberal arts as somehow being less worthy of taxpayer dollars is farcical. If
state and education officials want to spend less on something and more on STEM
education, then maybe they should be looking at state university athletic
budgets and the many million-dollar stadiums across this country.

I think that a STEM education is emphatically important today. But it is not the
only important education. Learning and studying the humanities is what makes us
human. Shame on us as a society if we ever forget it.

JEFFREY L. VOLPINTESTA

Stamford, Conn.

To the Editor:

The debate about the funding of different college majors often pits STEM fields
against the liberal arts. However, knowing what the second law of thermodynamics
is about but not being able to explain it to someone else is like being a
terrific writer who has nothing to say.

As a mathematics professor at Hamilton College, a liberal arts college, I would
like to propose that what we really need are graduates who have a working
knowledge of the way the physical world works, who understand the equally
complex world of human endeavor, and who have the ability to transmit that
knowledge in written, spoken and artistic form. That is what the liberal arts
are really about.

RICHARD E. BEDIENT

Clinton, N.Y.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/02/29/opinion/reducing-funding-for-the-humanities.ht
ml

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              148 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            February 15, 2016 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

2DAY

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 2C

LENGTH: 301 words



HIGHLIGHT: All-Star dunk contest was one for the ages


randball

The dunk contest at NBA All-Star weekend is one of those specialty events that
can reward players who are freakish athletes but aren't really well-rounded
basketball players.

Sure, there have been great dunkers who were great players (like, uh, the
greatest of all time, Michael Jordan), but it's not a requirement.

For that reason, there are people who marginalize the event. But those people
also probably missed out on one of the greatest dunking displays of all time on
Saturday, when the Wolves' Zach LaVine outdueled Orlando's Aaron Gordon in a
dunk contest for the ages.

PLACE IN HISTORY Fresh reporting on an alleged sexual assault while he was at
Tennessee adds to the potentially ugly off-field Peyton Manning news.

FADING BUT NOT GONE The Wild has a 28.8 percent chance of making the playoffs,
according to hockey-reference.com. So I'm telling you there's a chance.

TIPSHEET

Compiled by Ken Chia

KNOW THIS

At the time of Mike Yeo's firing, only four NHL coaches had been with their
current teams longer than him: Boston's Claude Julien, Chicago's Joel
Quenneville, Arizona's Dave Tippett and the New York Islanders' Jack Capuano.

WATCH THIS

Is John Torchetti the answer to all the Wild's woes? The first step in finding
out comes in his coaching debut, at Vancouver (9 p.m., FSN).

RANDOM FANDOM

"You can blame Yeo all you want and in many cases rightly so, but this team gave
up on the coach. Yesterday only a couple of players showed up ready to play,
that is on the players."

- jimreg on startribune.com.

Weigh in on what you're thinking about to mrand@startribune.com

TWEETED

"Very sad for Mike Yeo, a class act and overall good guy. Hope the Wild can turn
things around. Yeo will definitely be back in the NHL."

- Jamie Hersch, NHL Network studio host and former Fox Sports North broadcaster.

@JamieHersch

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2016 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              149 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 6, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Coalition of Liberals Strikes Back at Criticism From Centrist Democrats

BYLINE: By JONATHAN MARTIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 21

LENGTH: 760 words


WASHINGTON -- In a sign of the left's new aggressiveness, a coalition of
liberals is trying to marginalize a centrist Democratic policy group that was
responsible for a Wall Street Journal op-ed article this week that said economic
populism was ''disastrous'' for the party.

The coalition, the Progressive Change Campaign Committee, and three other
liberal advocacy organizations have urged their members to contact a group of
congressional Democrats who are honorary leaders of the centrist group, Third
Way. It published the op-ed article on Monday contending that the liberalism of
Mayor-elect Bill de Blasio of New York City and Senator Elizabeth Warren of
Massachusetts would lead Democrats ''over the populist cliff.''

The article -- written by Jon Cowan, president of Third Way, and Jim Kessler,
its senior vice president for policy -- criticizes progressives like Ms. Warren
and Mr. de Blasio for opposing measures to cut costs to Social Security and
Medicare.

The liberal groups' campaign has already gotten results, the latest indication
that the liberal wing of the Democratic Party is ascendant.

Mark Bergman, a spokesman for Representative Allyson Schwartz, Democrat of
Pennsylvania, said she ''read the op-ed, thought it was outrageous, disagrees
strongly and told Third Way that.'' Ms. Schwartz, who is locked in a primary
campaign for governor of Pennsylvania, is an honorary chairwoman of Third Way.

Representative Joseph Crowley of New York, an honorary Third Way co-chairman,
was also disturbed by the article, said his spokeswoman, Courtney Gidner.
''Congressman Crowley has worked with Third Way on a range of issues, such as
immigration reform and the Affordable Care Act, but on this matter they strongly
disagree,'' she said.

While the liberal organizations have been concentrating on members of Congress,
Ms. Warren raised questions about the funding sources of policy groups like
Third Way. Without specifically mentioning the group, she sent a letter on
Wednesday to the chief executives of six of the country's biggest banks asking
them to reveal the groups they help finance.

Shareholders, she wrote, ''have a right to know how corporate resources are
spent, and, even more important, policy makers and the public should be aware of
your contributions and evaluate the work of the think tanks accordingly.''

And on Thursday, the liberal blog Daily Kos announced that it would endorse and
raise money only for candidates who promised not to join Third Way.

Taken together, such hardball tactics suggest that emboldened progressives
intend to tap into the populist energy coursing through the Democratic Party to
ensure that their elected officials hold to the liberal line.

''Given that we are a vast majority of the party's voters, and represent many of
the party's financial contributors, to see that level of disrespect shown to
Elizabeth Warren's message, you know, we needed to answer fire with fire,'' said
Mike Lux, a longtime liberal strategist.

By directly going after Ms. Warren, who has an avid following among
progressives, Third Way all but ensured that it would get the fight it seemed to
want to pick.

While she has repeatedly said she will not run for president, Ms. Warren is seen
by many on the left as the candidate who could stop Hillary Rodham Clinton from
claiming the Democratic nomination in 2016. And even if Ms. Warren does not run,
progressives want to use this period to send a message to Mrs. Clinton that the
Democratic Party is now more unabashedly liberal than it was when her husband
was elected president in 1992.

Liberals have witnessed the success the right has enjoyed in recent years by
using such tough tactics. Conservative groups have pushed Republicans to take a
harder line, most recently over the federal health care law, and have seen their
leverage with officeholders grow.

''They have been much tougher on their moderates than we have historically,''
Mr. Lux said, ''and it shows in terms of the policy debate as the Republicans
keep moving to the right and our guys keeping getting mushier.''

Asked about the criticism, a Third Way official cited similar efforts by the
right.

''We hope that the Democratic tent remains big enough for a serious policy
debate and that we don't begin to drive out those we don't agree with, like the
Republicans have done,'' said Matt Bennett, a founder of the group and its vice
president for public affairs.

As for the group's financing, Mr. Bennett said that only ''three-tenths of 1
percent'' of the annual budget comes from the banks Ms. Warren addressed in her
letter.

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/12/06/us/politics/coalition-of-liberals-strikes-back
-at-criticism-from-centrist-democrats.html

LOAD-DATE: December 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO:   Senator Elizabeth Warren is among those targeted by a centrist
group contending that economic populism is ''disastrous.'' (PHOTOGRAPH BY
GABRIELLA DEMCZUK/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              150 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                            November 20, 2015 Friday
                                 METRO EDITION

SOME ICE & A TWIST Players open to NHL's new All-Star format

BYLINE: BY PAT LEONARD NEW YORK DAILY NEWS

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 56

LENGTH: 671 words


TAMPA - The breathless new 3-on-3 NHL overtime format that gasses skaters,
victimizes goalies and marginalizes coaches is coming to this winter's All-Star
Game in Nashville in an effort to jazz up an event that has grown stale in the
capital of country music.

Admit at least this: Listening to Doc Emrick call 3-on-3 hockey for 60 minutes
won't be boring.

Something had to be done. Last year's game in Columbus was unwatchable, and the
years of players actually competing in the All-Star Game seem long gone. That's
why the NHL Players' Association and the league jointly agreed to try this
format as a one-year experiment.

"Guys are up for trying different things to help grow the game," Tampa Bay
Lightning captain Steven Stamkos said Thursday morning at Amalie Arena before
taking on the Rangers.

Henrik Lundqvist added: "I think it's fun. They've switched things up, making
something unique and fun for the fans. For an All-star Weekend, why not?"

A $1 million prize awaits the winning 11-man team, but let's be honest, is that
amount of money really an incentive for these wealthy stars to give a little
extra? Basically, the NHL has observed fans hoot and holler as players have
clanged wrist shots off posts and rushes have gone back and forth in this year's
overtimes.

They see that it keeps crowds engaged, and the players understand. But neither
the NHL nor the players' association want more hitting and a higher risk of
injury, so the 3-on-3 hopefully is the safest way to achieve more excitement.

"I think the game itself, it's obviously not the pace they want it to be,"
Stamkos said. "It's tough when guys are going there to have some fun. I
understand you want it to be competitive. There's a pretty good chunk of money
that's up for grabs and a little different style so I think guys will be excited
about it and we'll see how it goes. I think that's the plan, to test it out this
year."

Here's how it will work: Instead of the traditional 5-on-5, 60-minute game, the
All-Star Tournament on Jan. 31 will feature three, 20-minute games. There will
be four teams, each representing one of the NHL's four divisions - the
Metropolitan, Atlantic, Central and Pacific.

The two Eastern Conference teams will play, the two Western Conference clubs
will face-off, and then the winners will play their 20-minute championship match
for all the marbles. Each team will be made up of 11 players from that division:
six forwards, three defensemen and two goalies.

Fans will vote for one All-Star player from each division as captain of his
division's team, and then the NHL Hockey Operations department will select the
remaining 40 All-Stars, with at least one player selected from each NHL team.

The winning conference in Saturday night's Skills Competition at Bridgestone
Arena will get to select which semifinal 3-on-3 game is played first on Sunday.
Teams will change ends at the 10-minute mark of each game, and games that are
tied after 20 minutes will go to a shootout.

The four division-leading NHL coaches will be named coaches of the four teams,
which means Alain Vigneault and Lundqvist - two men who are not huge fans of the
3-on-3 OT - could end up being major players in this tournament.

"It's already out of your comfort zone, whether it's 5-on-5 or 3-on-3,"
Lundqvist said when asked if playing in such a tournament could throw him off.
"It might be more action, but you go there as players to promote the game."

Surprisingly, Lundqvist was not a part of the NHLPA's voting process, though
presumably Rangers player representative Derek Stepan had a say.

"No. they didn't call me," Lundqvist said, "but I think why not try it? I'll be
it'll be lots of scoring chances, that's for sure. Sometimes guys try to set up
the perfect play. I know I won't be expecting the first guy to shoot."

Lundqvist stopped himself and said: "I don't know even if I'm gonna be there,
but whoever's in goal should be ready for the extra pass."

Hold that weekend open just in case, Henrik. And hey, it's Nashville: He should
bring his guitar, too.

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Henrik Lundqvist has never been a fan of 3-on-3 OTs but he's willing to
give it a shot in the All-Star game if that's what it takes to juice up the
game. Howard Simmons/Daily News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 Daily News, L.P.


                              151 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Computerworld

                               September 29, 1997

Users to IBM: Promote AS/400

BYLINE: Tim Ouellette; CW Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Common User Group; Pg. 110

LENGTH: 397 words


Two out of three ain't bad.

AS/400 users at the COMMON conference here say IBM has succeeded in upgrading
the hardware and operating system of the midrange platform with the latest
AS/400E models.

But users are concerned about the missing third piece of the puzzle: aggressive
promotion of the AS/400 platform to attract new customers.

Loyal AS/400 users said the lack of new users coming to the system, compared
with Unix and Windows NT, could marginalize the AS/400 and call into question
their decision to build their businesses on the platform. Several traditional
AS/400 third-party developers and systems integrators have already strayed
toward other high-growth platforms.

"IBM is trying to improve the image of the AS/400, but they have a ways to go,"
said Gordon Searles, a senior systems programmer at Recreational Equipment, Inc.
in Seattle. "If they fail [to attract new customers], then the AS/400's role in
computing will always be limited."

New features in the AS/400E [CW, Aug. 25] include high-end models, native
support for Java and Windows NT, and integrated web servers and firewalls.

But users said IBM has to tell people beyond the user base that these new
systems and features exist.

"We understand that this is a big problem and needs to be addressed," said
Malcolm Haines, IBM's program manager for AS/400 communications planning. IBM
officials said they are spending more on AS/400 marketing than ever before some
sources said the budget is more than $ 100 million but observers said the
efforts have fallen far short of expectations.

Rick Flagler, an information technology manager at MPB Corp. in Keene, N.H.,
said, "They can't just put a giant red 'E' on a page and then have a little
AS/400 in fine print somewhere in the corner," referring to IBM's current
advertising campaign.

Users want IBM to be more aggressive when comparing the AS/400's ease of setup
and use with Unix and Windows NT systems, spice up its advertising image and
make it easy for college and high-school students to work on the system.

But being aggressive against other platforms IBM sells will be hard for Big
Blue.

"It is difficult for IBM to get aggressive against Unix or Windows NT when they
also sell the RS/6000 and are positioning themselves as a major NT vendor," said
Tom Bittman, an analyst at Gartner Group, Inc. in Stamford, Conn.




LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1997 Computerworld, Inc.


                              152 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Don t mischaracterize, marginalize the green message

BYLINE: Steve Scauzillo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


I ve never heard of vegan dog food.

At least, not until I attended the Green Festival in Los Angeles last weekend.

I also didn t know that practicing  traditional Chinese medicine  via the Yo San
University, an exhibitor at the conference, was green.

The whole festival just added to the stereotype that saving water, moving away
from fossil fuels, or saving energy was related to eating gluten-free burritos
or choosing an acupuncturist over a doctor with a medical degree for my back
ache.

The only way the acupuncturist is greener than the M.D. is if there s solar
panels on his roof.

The point? Stop mixing the real environmental issues of reducing water use,
restoring wildlands, keeping species from dying off, or using alternative-fuels
and less chemicals and pesticides with other issues that are off message.

The hippie-dippie feel to this festival made me wonder how many of my
conservative-leaning friends would attend? Try zero.

Green? This was more like purple, as in the color of your face when you re
screaming your opinions so long and so vociferously they reverberate back, like
in an echo chamber. Yeah, it s called preaching to the converted. And its
useless.

The 20,000 or so people at the weekend festival already buy gluten-free products
and don t eat meat. But what about the 15,999,980 other Southern Californians
who didn t attend? The last time I checked, we all breathe the same air, drink
the same water and live on the same planet.

If the environmental movement is going to reach the rest of the population, it
must cease and desist with the whacky conferences filled with marginal,
unsubstantiated claims and get into the mainstream.

Change only comes when the early adopters act, convincing the next group, the
more cautious ones, that this is not a trend but rather a worthwhile change.
Some examples? Apple. Microsoft. Google. Yeah, the tech industry is where the
tree-huggers should look if they are ever going to expand their circle.

Start with a soft sell. Say you can be green and not vote for Al Gore. Booths
explaining how if you unplug iPhone chargers from the wall when they are not in
use that will save energy, reduce greenhouse gases and cut down on air
pollution. Practical stuff.

Instead, there were rows of health and beauty products that had nothing to do
with being green and if they did, the shrill marketing would turn away any
doubters.

A woman screamed into a microphone about not trusting evil corporations. A man
selling a cookbook about how men really can read from an ingredient label and
cringed at big words. Really?

That doesn t mean you re green. It may mean you are healthy. Emphasis on may.

The festival brand winner was RawFoods, which sells  100% plant-based, only
organic, vegan, sustainable, digestible, unheated, non-irradiated, preservation
free, nut-free, gluten-free products ...

I preferred to highlight in my story the difference makers: electric cars,
electric scooters, ridesharing companies. Because so much of our air pollution
is from single-occupant cars, this is where the gains will be made.

A guy from Arts Center College of Design in Pasadena was selling a small, two or
three-wheeled battery-operated scooter that just might solve the problem of how
you get to or from the train station. Let s say everyone had such a device. They
could leave their cars in the driveway. Now that s green. But these
game-changers were lost amid the sea of gluten-free you-name-it niblets.

No, natural or vegetable-based dog treats won t make the planet greener. In
fact, dogs contribute to the dirtying of the ocean when their poop ends up in
our rivers, lakes and streams. Being green? Not owning a pet is green. But that
message won t sell books or festival tickets.

Just like having special days to celebrate civil rights, having special
festivals for caring for our planet only marginalizes such a crucial message. We
should protect civil rights every day. We should find ways to pass on a healthy
planet to our children and grandchildren every day in every way.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              153 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Don t mischaracterize, marginalize the green message

BYLINE: Steve Scauzillo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


I ve never heard of vegan dog food.

At least, not until I attended the Green Festival in Los Angeles last weekend.

I also didn t know that practicing  traditional Chinese medicine  via the Yo San
University, an exhibitor at the conference, was green.

The whole festival just added to the stereotype that saving water, moving away
from fossil fuels, or saving energy was related to eating gluten-free burritos
or choosing an acupuncturist over a doctor with a medical degree for my back
ache.

The only way the acupuncturist is greener than the M.D. is if there s solar
panels on his roof.

The point? Stop mixing the real environmental issues of reducing water use,
restoring wildlands, keeping species from dying off, or using alternative-fuels
and less chemicals and pesticides with other issues that are off message.

The hippie-dippie feel to this festival made me wonder how many of my
conservative-leaning friends would attend? Try zero.

Green? This was more like purple, as in the color of your face when you re
screaming your opinions so long and so vociferously they reverberate back, like
in an echo chamber. Yeah, it s called preaching to the converted. And its
useless.

The 20,000 or so people at the weekend festival already buy gluten-free products
and don t eat meat. But what about the 15,999,980 other Southern Californians
who didn t attend? The last time I checked, we all breathe the same air, drink
the same water and live on the same planet.

If the environmental movement is going to reach the rest of the population, it
must cease and desist with the whacky conferences filled with marginal,
unsubstantiated claims and get into the mainstream.

Change only comes when the early adopters act, convincing the next group, the
more cautious ones, that this is not a trend but rather a worthwhile change.
Some examples? Apple. Microsoft. Google. Yeah, the tech industry is where the
tree-huggers should look if they are ever going to expand their circle.

Start with a soft sell. Say you can be green and not vote for Al Gore. Booths
explaining how if you unplug iPhone chargers from the wall when they are not in
use that will save energy, reduce greenhouse gases and cut down on air
pollution. Practical stuff.

Instead, there were rows of health and beauty products that had nothing to do
with being green and if they did, the shrill marketing would turn away any
doubters.

A woman screamed into a microphone about not trusting evil corporations. A man
selling a cookbook about how men really can read from an ingredient label and
cringed at big words. Really?

That doesn t mean you re green. It may mean you are healthy. Emphasis on may.

The festival brand winner was RawFoods, which sells  100% plant-based, only
organic, vegan, sustainable, digestible, unheated, non-irradiated, preservation
free, nut-free, gluten-free products ...

I preferred to highlight in my story the difference makers: electric cars,
electric scooters, ridesharing companies. Because so much of our air pollution
is from single-occupant cars, this is where the gains will be made.

A guy from Arts Center College of Design in Pasadena was selling a small, two or
three-wheeled battery-operated scooter that just might solve the problem of how
you get to or from the train station. Let s say everyone had such a device. They
could leave their cars in the driveway. Now that s green. But these
game-changers were lost amid the sea of gluten-free you-name-it niblets.

No, natural or vegetable-based dog treats won t make the planet greener. In
fact, dogs contribute to the dirtying of the ocean when their poop ends up in
our rivers, lakes and streams. Being green? Not owning a pet is green. But that
message won t sell books or festival tickets.

Just like having special days to celebrate civil rights, having special
festivals for caring for our planet only marginalizes such a crucial message. We
should protect civil rights every day. We should find ways to pass on a healthy
planet to our children and grandchildren every day in every way.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              154 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                          September 20, 2014 Saturday

Don t mischaracterize, marginalize the green message

BYLINE: Steve Scauzillo

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


I ve never heard of vegan dog food.

At least, not until I attended the Green Festival in Los Angeles last weekend.

I also didn t know that practicing  traditional Chinese medicine  via the Yo San
University, an exhibitor at the conference, was green.

The whole festival just added to the stereotype that saving water, moving away
from fossil fuels, or saving energy was related to eating gluten-free burritos
or choosing an acupuncturist over a doctor with a medical degree for my back
ache.

The only way the acupuncturist is greener than the M.D. is if there s solar
panels on his roof.

The point? Stop mixing the real environmental issues of reducing water use,
restoring wildlands, keeping species from dying off, or using alternative-fuels
and less chemicals and pesticides with other issues that are off message.

The hippie-dippie feel to this festival made me wonder how many of my
conservative-leaning friends would attend? Try zero.

Green? This was more like purple, as in the color of your face when you re
screaming your opinions so long and so vociferously they reverberate back, like
in an echo chamber. Yeah, it s called preaching to the converted. And its
useless.

The 20,000 or so people at the weekend festival already buy gluten-free products
and don t eat meat. But what about the 15,999,980 other Southern Californians
who didn t attend? The last time I checked, we all breathe the same air, drink
the same water and live on the same planet.

If the environmental movement is going to reach the rest of the population, it
must cease and desist with the whacky conferences filled with marginal,
unsubstantiated claims and get into the mainstream.

Change only comes when the early adopters act, convincing the next group, the
more cautious ones, that this is not a trend but rather a worthwhile change.
Some examples? Apple. Microsoft. Google. Yeah, the tech industry is where the
tree-huggers should look if they are ever going to expand their circle.

Start with a soft sell. Say you can be green and not vote for Al Gore. Booths
explaining how if you unplug iPhone chargers from the wall when they are not in
use that will save energy, reduce greenhouse gases and cut down on air
pollution. Practical stuff.

Instead, there were rows of health and beauty products that had nothing to do
with being green and if they did, the shrill marketing would turn away any
doubters.

A woman screamed into a microphone about not trusting evil corporations. A man
selling a cookbook about how men really can read from an ingredient label and
cringed at big words. Really?

That doesn t mean you re green. It may mean you are healthy. Emphasis on may.

The festival brand winner was RawFoods, which sells  100% plant-based, only
organic, vegan, sustainable, digestible, unheated, non-irradiated, preservation
free, nut-free, gluten-free products ...

I preferred to highlight in my story the difference makers: electric cars,
electric scooters, ridesharing companies. Because so much of our air pollution
is from single-occupant cars, this is where the gains will be made.

A guy from Arts Center College of Design in Pasadena was selling a small, two or
three-wheeled battery-operated scooter that just might solve the problem of how
you get to or from the train station. Let s say everyone had such a device. They
could leave their cars in the driveway. Now that s green. But these
game-changers were lost amid the sea of gluten-free you-name-it niblets.

No, natural or vegetable-based dog treats won t make the planet greener. In
fact, dogs contribute to the dirtying of the ocean when their poop ends up in
our rivers, lakes and streams. Being green? Not owning a pet is green. But that
message won t sell books or festival tickets.

Just like having special days to celebrate civil rights, having special
festivals for caring for our planet only marginalizes such a crucial message. We
should protect civil rights every day. We should find ways to pass on a healthy
planet to our children and grandchildren every day in every way.

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2014 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              155 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Letters to the Walnut Creek Journal -- BART's Oakland extension a 'boondoggle;'
the media marginalize GOP opinions

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: MY TOWN; Contra Costa; News; Local

LENGTH: 336 words


BART to airport: Another boondoggle

The cost of each ride on the BART "people mover" extension to the Oakland
airport will be at least $33.20. This uses a $500 million construction cost
written off over 30 years at 5 percent interest and a $4.7 million annual fee to
Doppelmayr to maintain it.

It also assumes 1 million trips a year. The $33.2 projected annual costs will
probably prove low and the ridership projection too high.

The BART extension to SFO was also a huge boondoggle, but at least it goes
directly to the airport. I use the existing Oakland service and find it most
acceptable. I will use the new service but the costs to the taxpayers in the
BART service area is unacceptable. And the existing $3 fare will most likely
rise.

John Fitzgerald

Walnut Creek

Republicans' opinions 'marginalized'

The general attitude displayed by our local and state newspapers and media is
simply that Republicans do not have a chance of winning any election at any
time.

Republicans' opinions are marginalized by the mere fact that they are not
consistent with the "powerful." Hence, in order for the Republicans to even have
a chance they must say exactly or similarly the same as those in "power." No
wonder schools and universities are hesitant to have a view presented other than
that which is approved.

To be quite honest, the elected officials in the Bay Area ignore those residents
who are not in their political party. The example I present happened when I
first went to Sacramento to an annual Republican event. We entered the building
housing the power brokers of California and our representatives upon noticing
our "red coats," which designated that we were Republican women, scurried away;
and when entering their offices we found that they had no time for us.

Is anyone concerned that differing opinions are blocked and disparaged? Freedom
is for everyone.

When did journalists stop being journalists, and professors stop being
professors, and become the mouthpieces of an ideology or organization?

D.C. Rentz

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: June 19, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              156 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            June 18, 2014 Wednesday

Letters to the Walnut Creek Journal -- BART's Oakland extension a 'boondoggle;'
the media marginalize GOP opinions

BYLINE: Contra Costa Times

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 336 words


BART to airport: Another boondoggle

The cost of each ride on the BART "people mover" extension to the Oakland
airport will be at least $33.20. This uses a $500 million construction cost
written off over 30 years at 5 percent interest and a $4.7 million annual fee to
Doppelmayr to maintain it.

It also assumes 1 million trips a year. The $33.2 projected annual costs will
probably prove low and the ridership projection too high.

The BART extension to SFO was also a huge boondoggle, but at least it goes
directly to the airport. I use the existing Oakland service and find it most
acceptable. I will use the new service but the costs to the taxpayers in the
BART service area is unacceptable. And the existing $3 fare will most likely
rise.

John Fitzgerald

Walnut Creek

Republicans' opinions 'marginalized'

The general attitude displayed by our local and state newspapers and media is
simply that Republicans do not have a chance of winning any election at any
time.

Republicans' opinions are marginalized by the mere fact that they are not
consistent with the "powerful." Hence, in order for the Republicans to even have
a chance they must say exactly or similarly the same as those in "power." No
wonder schools and universities are hesitant to have a view presented other than
that which is approved.

To be quite honest, the elected officials in the Bay Area ignore those residents
who are not in their political party. The example I present happened when I
first went to Sacramento to an annual Republican event. We entered the building
housing the power brokers of California and our representatives upon noticing
our "red coats," which designated that we were Republican women, scurried away;
and when entering their offices we found that they had no time for us.

Is anyone concerned that differing opinions are blocked and disparaged? Freedom
is for everyone.

When did journalists stop being journalists, and professors stop being
professors, and become the mouthpieces of an ideology or organization?

D.C. Rentz

Walnut Creek

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              157 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Louisiana: Attorney General Caldwell leads efforts of 15 state Attorneys General
to protect States' authority to define marriage

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following news release:

Attorney General Buddy Caldwell today asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reaffirm
the States' longstanding authority to define marriage and to prevent the federal
government from encroaching on Louisiana's law defining marriage as a union
between one man and one woman.

Caldwell led a group of 15 state attorneys general who filed an amicus brief
with the Supreme Court calling on the Court to allow states to continue to
exercise the authority to define marriage according to the understanding of
their citizens. According to Caldwell, if that authority were to be removed from
the states, it would undermine the democratic process and marginalize the
beliefs of millions of Americans.

"The people of Louisiana have always defined marriage as a union between one man
and one woman, and they have the fundamental authority under the Constitution to
do just that," Caldwell said. "The Supreme Court will decide whether to uphold
Louisiana's constitutional definition of marriage or to compel all 50 States to
recognize a definition of marriage that did not exist in any state as few as 12
years ago. I am proud to lead an effort to protect the authority of Louisiana
citizens to determine how to define marriage. I am grateful that the U.S. Fifth
Circuit has already agreed with me, and hope the U.S. Supreme Court will too."

Caldwell and the other AGs maintain that the U.S. Constitution has always left
to States the democratic ability to define marriage. To say otherwise would
eliminate the States' longstanding authority to establish their own
domestic-relations laws.

Attorney General Caldwell urged the Supreme Court to acknowledge that the
states, as laboratories of democracy, are the best places under our democratic
system of government to determine whether to make changes to their own
domestic-relations laws. The attorneys general assert that a federal standard
for marriage would announce that state citizens are incapable of resolving this
issue through constructive civil discourse.

Caldwell was joined by the attorneys general of Texas, Utah, Alaska, Arizona,
Arkansas, Georgia, Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma,
South Dakota and West Virginia.

The case is DeBoer v. Snyder, 14-517

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              158 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Louisiana: Attorney General Caldwell leads efforts of 15 state Attorneys General
to protect States' authority to define marriage

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following news release:

Attorney General Buddy Caldwell today asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reaffirm
the States' longstanding authority to define marriage and to prevent the federal
government from encroaching on Louisiana's law defining marriage as a union
between one man and one woman.

Caldwell led a group of 15 state attorneys general who filed an amicus brief
with the Supreme Court calling on the Court to allow states to continue to
exercise the authority to define marriage according to the understanding of
their citizens. According to Caldwell, if that authority were to be removed from
the states, it would undermine the democratic process and marginalize the
beliefs of millions of Americans.

"The people of Louisiana have always defined marriage as a union between one man
and one woman, and they have the fundamental authority under the Constitution to
do just that," Caldwell said. "The Supreme Court will decide whether to uphold
Louisiana's constitutional definition of marriage or to compel all 50 States to
recognize a definition of marriage that did not exist in any state as few as 12
years ago. I am proud to lead an effort to protect the authority of Louisiana
citizens to determine how to define marriage. I am grateful that the U.S. Fifth
Circuit has already agreed with me, and hope the U.S. Supreme Court will too."

Caldwell and the other AGs maintain that the U.S. Constitution has always left
to States the democratic ability to define marriage. To say otherwise would
eliminate the States' longstanding authority to establish their own
domestic-relations laws.

Attorney General Caldwell urged the Supreme Court to acknowledge that the
states, as laboratories of democracy, are the best places under our democratic
system of government to determine whether to make changes to their own
domestic-relations laws. The attorneys general assert that a federal standard
for marriage would announce that state citizens are incapable of resolving this
issue through constructive civil discourse.

Caldwell was joined by the attorneys general of Texas, Utah, Alaska, Arizona,
Arkansas, Georgia, Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma,
South Dakota and West Virginia.

The case is DeBoer v. Snyder, 14-517

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              159 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                           November 11, 2004 Thursday

Some party 'supporters' didn't do the Democrats any favors

BYLINE: George F. Will

LENGTH: 778 words


WASHINGTON -- In 2000, Americans were reminded that electoral votes select
presidents. In 2004, Democrats were reminded that Bruce Springsteen does not.
Other Nov. 2 epiphanies include:

In 1984, Walter Mondale's running mate was Rep. Geraldine Ferraro, a Catholic
woman from New York. Ronald Reagan carried Catholics, women, New York -- and
even Ferraro's district. Vice presidential nominees rarely sway this or that
national demographic group. However, a running mate should help carry his or her
state. But last week Bush carried North Carolina, getting 295,026 more votes
than in 2000, and carried John Edwards' home county, as he did four years ago.
Edwards was supposed to cut Bush's appeal in rural America. He did not.

While 44 percent of Hispanics, America's largest and fastest-growing minority,
voted for Bush, African-Americans continued to marginalize themselves, again
voting nearly unanimously (88 percent) for the Democratic nominee. In coming
years, while Hispanics are conducting a highly advantageous political auction
for their support, African-Americans evidently will continue being taken for
granted by Democrats.

On election night, news organizations were very hesitant to call a winner in
Ohio, where Bush led all night and won by 136,483 votes. They were less hesitant
about calling Pennsylvania, where Kerry led all night and won by only 127,927
votes.

Republicans should send a thank-you note to San Francisco's mayor, Gavin Newsom
-- liberalism's George Wallace, apostle of "progressive" lawlessness. He did
even more than the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts to energize the 11
state campaigns to proscribe same-sex marriage. All 11 measures passed, nine
with more than 60 percent of the vote. They passed in Oregon and Michigan, while
those states were voting for Kerry. Ohio's measure, by increasing conservative
turnout, may have given Bush the presidency. Kentucky's may have saved Sen. Jim
Bunning.

Newsom's heavily televised grandstanding -- illegally issuing nearly 4,000
same-sex marriage licenses -- underscored what many Americans find really
insufferable. It is not so much same-sex marriage that enrages them: Most
Americans oppose an anti-same-sex amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which is
why it fell 49 votes short of the required two-thirds in the House and 19 short
in the Senate. Rather, what provokes people is moral arrogance expressed in
disdain for democratic due process.

Republicans should send a large spray of flowers to thank the British newspaper
The Guardian. It urged readers to write letters to residents of Ohio's Clark
County -- the city of Springfield and environs -- urging them to defeat Bush.
The backfire from Ohio was so strong (e.g., one resident told The Guardian, "If
you want to save the world, begin with your own worthless corner of it,"), the
paper quickly canceled its intervention. In 2000 Bush lost Clark County to Al
Gore. This year Clark was the only one of Ohio's 88 counties to support Bush
after opposing him in 2000.

Some Deaniacs -- the Howard Dean remnant -- and others argue that the Democratic
Party would have done better if its presidential nominee had advocated a more
robust liberalism. But one of the party's few happy moments Nov. 2 was the
election of Ken Salazar as Colorado's senator. Salazar generally made himself
scarce when Kerry came into the state.

For many months Tom Coburn, the Republican candidate for Oklahoma's Senate seat,
ran such a weird campaign (e.g., fretting about rampant lesbianism in
southeastern Oklahoma) that his opponent, Brad Carson, had hopes of winning even
though Bush was on the way to carrying the state by 32 points. Then, in a
debate, Coburn asked Carson why he supported Kerry. This was the best Carson
could do:

"I'm a Democrat. And I support good people for office. I'm a Joe Lieberman type
of guy. Because he shared my commitment to expressing our faith in politics; the
idea that you don't leave your religious beliefs at the door but that they are
important in politics . . . he shared my hawkish views about what needs to be
done by America in the world."

Moderator: "This is Lieberman you are talking about?"

Carson: "This is Lieberman I'm talking about, yes."

On election night on public television -- your tax dollars at work -- Bill
Moyers said: "I think if Kerry were to win this in a -- in a tight race, I think
there'd be an effort to mount a coup, quite frankly. . . . I mean that the right
wing is not going to accept it." Moyers, the emblematic face of public
television, is an intellectual icon in the sort of deep blue precincts that
think red America is paranoid. George Will's e-mail address is
georgewill@washpost.com.

LOAD-DATE: November 11, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2004 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              160 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            November 9, 2004 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

How Not To Win Red America

BYLINE: George F. Will

SECTION: Editorial; A27

LENGTH: 775 words


In 2000 Americans were reminded that electoral votes select presidents. In 2004
Democrats were reminded that Bruce Springsteen does not. Other Nov. 2 epiphanies
include:

In 1984 Walter Mondale's running mate was Rep. Geraldine Ferraro, a Catholic
woman from New York. Ronald Reagan carried Catholics, women, New York -- and
even Ferraro's district. Vice presidential nominees rarely sway this or that
national demographic group. However, a running mate should help carry his or her
state. But last week Bush carried North Carolina, getting 295,026 more votes
than in 2000, and carried John Edwards's home county, as he did four years ago.
Edwards was supposed to cut Bush's appeal in rural America. He did not.

While 44 percent of Hispanics, America's largest and fastest-growing minority,
voted for Bush, African Americans continued to marginalize themselves, again
voting nearly unanimously (88 percent) for the Democratic nominee. In coming
years, while Hispanics are conducting a highly advantageous political auction
for their support, African Americans evidently will continue being taken for
granted by Democrats.

On election night, news organizations were hesitant to call a winner in Ohio,
where Bush led all night and won by 136,483 votes. They were less hesitant about
calling Pennsylvania, where Kerry led all night and won by only 127,927 votes.

Republicans should send a thank-you note to San Francisco's mayor, Gavin Newsom
-- liberalism's George Wallace, apostle of "progressive" lawlessness. He did
even more than the Supreme Judicial Court of Massachusetts to energize the 11
state campaigns to proscribe same-sex marriage. All 11 measures passed, nine
with more than 60 percent of the vote. They passed in Oregon and Michigan, while
those states were voting for Kerry. Ohio's measure, by increasing conservative
turnout, may have given Bush the presidency. Kentucky's may have saved Sen. Jim
Bunning.

Newsom's heavily televised grandstanding -- illegally issuing nearly 4,000
same-sex marriage licenses -- underscored what many Americans find really
insufferable. It is not so much same-sex marriage that enrages them: Most
Americans oppose an anti-same-sex amendment to the U.S. Constitution, which is
why it fell 49 votes short of the required two-thirds in the House and 19 short
in the Senate. Rather, what provokes people is moral arrogance expressed in
disdain for democratic due process.

Republicans should send a large spray of flowers to thank the Guardian, a
British newspaper. It urged readers to write letters to residents of Ohio's
Clark County -- the city of Springfield and environs -- urging them to defeat
Bush. The backfire from Ohio was so strong (e.g., one resident told the
Guardian, "If you want to save the world, begin with your own worthless corner
of it") that the paper quickly canceled its intervention. In 2000 Bush lost
Clark County to Al Gore. This year Clark was the only one of Ohio's 88 counties
to support Bush after opposing him in 2000.

Some Deaniacs -- the Howard Dean remnant -- and others argue that the Democratic
Party would have done better if its presidential nominee had advocated a more
robust liberalism. But one of the party's few happy moments on Nov. 2 was the
election of Ken Salazar as Colorado's senator. Salazar generally made himself
scarce when Kerry came into the state.

For many months Tom Coburn, the Republican candidate for Oklahoma's Senate seat,
ran such a weird campaign (e.g., fretting about rampant lesbianism in
southeastern Oklahoma) that his opponent, Brad Carson, had hopes of winning even
though Bush was on the way to carrying the state by 32 points. Then, in a
debate, Coburn asked Carson why he supported Kerry. This was the best Carson
could do:

"I'm a Democrat. And I support good people for office. I'm a Joe Lieberman type
of guy. Because he shared my commitment to expressing our faith in politics; the
idea that you don't leave your religious beliefs at the door but that they are
important in politics . . . he shared my hawkish views about what needs to be
done by America in the world . . ."

Moderator: "This is Lieberman you are talking about?"

Carson: "This is Lieberman I'm talking about, yes."

On election night on public television -- your tax dollars at work -- Bill
Moyers said: "I think if Kerry were to win this in a -- in a tight race, I think
there'd be an effort to mount a coup, quite frankly. . . . I mean that the right
wing is not going to accept it." Moyers, the emblematic face of public
television, is an intellectual icon in the sort of deep blue precincts that
think red America is paranoid.

georgewill@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 The Washington Post


                              161 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

Saving souls and salmon: U.S. and Canadian Catholics in the West seek to link
environmental, spiritual awareness

BYLINE: JIM ROBBINS

SECTION: News; C10

LENGTH: 1063 words

DATELINE: HELENA, Mont.


Archbishop Alex Brunett entered the towering St. James cathedral in downtown
Seattle and walked over to a baptismal font. ''The water isn't just sitting
there,'' Brunett said, gesturing to the small, clover-leaf-shaped pool where the
holy water was circulated by a pump. ''We don't baptize people in stagnant
water, but flowing water, water that is alive.''

So vital is the concept of living water to Catholic theology, he says, that he
and seven of his fellow Catholic bishops from Montana, Idaho, Washington, Oregon
and British Columbia will soon release a pastoral letter that calls on Catholics
and others to create a new environmental and spiritual awareness about the
Columbia River watershed, the region's main waterway.

Called The Columbia River Watershed: Realities and Possibilities, the document
came about, Catholic leaders said, because the river was in such dire straits
from a century of unbridled logging, mining, grazing and dam-building. About 16
million salmon once migrated from the Pacific each year to spawn in the
tributaries along the 1,900 kilometres of the Columbia, a number that has
dwindled to around 700,000.

The eight bishops are collectively the leaders of 1.2 million Catholic
parishioners spread over 673,000 square miles in the United States and Canada,
and the region's largest single denomination. The letter has been five years in
the making and is due to come out at the end of the year.

River Is 'Sacramental Commons'

Although the letter stops short of an opinion on some of the river's most
contentious issues, like tearing out dams, it does plow new theological ground,
calling the river a ''sacramental commons.''

''A sacrament is a moment of encounter with God,'' said John Hart, a professor
of environmental science at Carroll University, a Catholic school in Helena,
Mont., and the author of the document. ''To say the river is a sacramental
commons means people can experience the creator in creation, outside the formal
church settings.''

The letter, which has been circulating in draft form, injects a new element into
an extremely contentious battle in the Northwest. Environmentalists, Indian
tribes, fishermen and others argue that salmon in the river could be lost if
drastic measures aren't taken, including the removal of four dams along the
lower Snake River to restore spawning habitat. Farmers, shippers and other
business interests claims such actions will harm the region's economy. The
Clinton administration recently decided against removal of the four dams.

Many who work in resource extraction industries in the Northwest feel the letter
has a liberal, anti-business slant. ''Corporate capital intensive operations and
profit maximization practices, more than environmental laws, are costing
timber-related jobs,'' the draft letter reads. In it the bishops vow to reduce
the use of gold in church adornments - an implicit criticism of the region's
mining activities.

'Times Have Changed'

Hart has found himself the target of angry E-mail messages and phone calls from
miners. One accused him of ''hiding behind the skirts of the bishop.''
Certainly, the bishops have not ducked the controversy they have created. Kirwin
Werner is a Catholic who teaches science at the Salish Kootenai College in
Montana. He attended one meeting at which a logger in opposition to the project
harangued Bishop William Skylstad of Spokane, Wash., the chairman of the
pastoral letter steering committee. ''Skylstad stood up to him,'' Werner said.
''And when he was done, Skylstad told him, 'Well, times have changed.'''

Environmentalists are also unhappy, believing the church was co-opted by its
conservatives, and so refused to call for the breaching of dams along the
Columbia.

Still, the response to the letter from the many Catholics in the region has been
mostly positive, said John Reid, a consultant in Seattle who is director of the
pastoral letter project. ''Seventy-five per cent are in favour of it and people
are saying things like 'I am proud to be a Catholic' and 'My God, the Catholics
are dealing with the real world,' '' Reid said. He also said that about 25 per
cent of Catholics were telling the Church, ''You've been co-opted by the
eco-terrorists.''

Tribal leaders seem particularly encouraged by the letter. ''Maybe God has
spoken to them,'' joked Don Sampson, a Yakima Indian who is also executive
director of the Columbia River Inter-Tribal Fish Commission, a coalition of
tribes that seeks to restore the salmon and a traditional way of life. ''I hope
the pope gets on board.''

More seriously, Sampson said: ''The church is being up front and dispelling the
myth of Manifest Destiny and dominion over the Earth. That's refreshing and
welcome. But I'd like to see them call for action rather than just reflect.''

Will the concept of a sacred watershed be taken to heart by Catholics whose
actions are degrading the river? It just may, said Jeremy Fivecrows, a Umatilla
Indian and a public-affairs specialist at the Inter-Tribal Fish Commission.
''It's easy to marginalize Native American religion,'' Fivecrows said. ''It's a
lot harder to marginalize your own religion.''

While Pope John Paul II and U.S. bishops have made strong statements about the
environment in recent years, some wonder if the Catholics have really gotten
religion on the matter. Though it is being promoted as an effort to reclaim a
river, the pastoral letter might also be an effort by the Catholic Church not to
go the way of the salmon.

''The fact that the bishops are willing to do this is a significant
development,'' said Dieter Hessel, director of the Program on Ecology, Justice
and Faith, a non-profit group in Princeton, N.J., that helps seminaries and
university religion departments integrate ecology into their teaching. ''How
it's followed up - how rank-and-file Catholics respond - is a real question.''

Some critics, inside and outside the church, say the whole exercise rings hollow
since the church refuses to deal with what many consider to be the fundamental
environmental problem: overpopulation.

''It's not meant to resolve questions, but to point out the importance of this
great river,'' Brunett said. ''People say, 'Stay in church where you belong,'
but that's not what we've been called to be. We're trying to establish a
sacredness in the world around us.''


LOAD-DATE: October 24, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: P Photo: GEOLOGICAL SURVEY OF CANADA / A wood-burning riverboat on the
Columbia River at Sproat's Landing, B.C., in 1889, before pollution depleted
salmon stocks.; Photo: WIDE WORLD PHOTO / A view of the Grand Coulee Dam on the
Columbia River in 1938.

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              162 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            January 6, 2015 Tuesday
                                  ALL EDITION

COURT WAS RIGHT TO STOP WOLF HUNTING IN WISCONSIN

BYLINE:  LAURA MENEFEE

SECTION: OPINION; Guest Column; Pg. A11

LENGTH: 543 words


The recent federal court ruling returning endangered species status to wolves in
Wisconsin, Michigan and Minnesota indicates the United States Fish and Wildlife
Service was premature in removing protections.

The ruling states that the hunting methods, quotas and seasons have been overly
aggressive and replicate the means by which wolves were extirpated in the first
place, thereby violating the rules of the Endangered Species Act.

The ruling states the long-term effects of aggressive hunting on the species are
not well known. The ruling suggests more effort is needed to promote tolerance.
And clearly, killing more wolves does not accomplish this.

It is popular to marginalize those who wish to see a thriving wolf population as
"wolf worshipers."

But it was a small and disproportionately influential contingent of
self-described "hunters" and "sportsmen" who wrote legislation designed to
reduce Wisconsin's stabilizing wolf population by more than 55 percent. This
irresponsible and politically motivated implementation is what has quickly
returned endangered species protections now.

As social animals, individual wolves matter - all wildlife matters. Killing over
500 Wisconsin wolves in three years (1,500 throughout the Great Lakes states)
for no reasons other than "sport" - and hate - goes far beyond the question of
the significance of individuals.

Illegal killing remains an enforcement issue. A certain contingent of people
view wolves as "forced" on them.

Recent research by UW-Madison's Department of Forestry and Wildlife Ecology
demonstrates an increase in illegal kills during periods of state management.
Additionally, recent research from the UW Carnivore Coexistence Lab documents an
increase in hunters' intent to illegally kill wolves following the state's
inaugural wolf hunt.

Appropriately, a recent paper by Eric Olson advocates the need for "soft
release" from endangered species protections. We didn't immediately start
selling thousands of tags for eagles after they were removed from endangered
status, because federal protections remain in place.

If we cannot change the attitudes that caused extirpation, we may have to leave
protections in place, indefinitely, until we do.

Many people who love the outdoors are diametrically opposed to wolf hounding and
trapping, as well as trophy killing. There is a rapidly declining contingent of
people hanging onto an archaic view of "killing as conservation," which finds
itself out of step with the North American model for conservation.

We do not eat wolves, foxes and coyotes, which are native species and provide
valuable ecological roles as apex predators in our deer-ravaged landscape.
Allowing an animal the chance to establish biological equilibrium in suitable
habitat is by no means an attempt to "write laws to protect individual animals
or entire species from every eventuality," as a recent column suggested.

The ruling reflects the commonly applied science of "sustained yield theory,"
that aggressive quotas combined with disease and illegal kills could jeopardize
the survival of a species mismanaged to less than 40 percent of its biological
carrying capacity.

As UW-Madison's Tim VanDeelen had to explain recently to our current Wolf
Advisory Committee: Wolves aren't turkeys.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  Menefee, of Sturgeon Bay, is wolf and predator conservation chairwoman
for the Sierra Club John Muir Chapter.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2015 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              163 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                    May 22, 2001 Tuesday Three Star Edition

RAIDERS OWNER LOSES CASE AGAINST NFL

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Shorts Column; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 652 words


Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis lost a $1.2 billion lawsuit in which he contended
that the NFL sabotaged a deal for a new stadium and forced the team to leave Los
Angeles.

The jury voted 9-3 on Monday in favor of the NFL, rejecting breach-of-contract
claims and other charges that the league violated bylaws in dealing with the
team, which left Los Angeles in 1995 after negotiations fell through for a new
stadium.

A maverick who often butts heads with other owners, Davis sat in the front row
throughout the six-week trial and spent five days on the stand, thought he
wasn't present for the verdict.

His attorney said the team will consider an appeal.

The league made three major gains with the verdict, said David Carter, a
sports-marketing consultant. "It reinforces their authority as the league's
governing authority. It allows them to gain some control over the Los Angeles
market, and I think it begins to marginalize Al Davis in the eyes of some of the
NFL," he said.

Davis moved his team in 1982 to Los Angeles from Oakland, Calif. After the 1995
season, however, the Raiders moved back to Oakland, and the Rams left for St.
Louis, leaving the city without an NFL franchise.

In the suit, the Raiders contended that the NFL forced them to leave the Los
Angeles market by pushing for a second team to play at a new stadium in the
suburbs. Davis said a second team would have crippled his team in regard to
selling luxury suites and to building fan loyalty.

The league contended that Davis used the situation to get a better deal from
Oakland. One question raised by the case was whether Davis is angling to move
the Raiders back to Los Angeles.

* Lee Roy Selmon, whose Hall of Fame career with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ended
in 1984, was hired as South Florida's athletics director, taking a job his
predecessor left amid charges of racism in the women's basketball program.

* RiverCity Renegades quarterback Corby Jones and kicker Dan O'Donnell were
selected as Indoor Professional Football League players of the week. In a 15-13
loss to the Boise Stallions last weekend, Jones amassed 161 yards of offense,
and O'Donnell kicked five field goals.

COLLEGES

Cal-State Fullerton gets top baseball seed

California State-Fullerton brought home a College World Series title the last
time the team held this position. Fullerton was selected Monday as the top seed
for the 64-team NCAA Division I baseball tournament.

Fullerton (41-15) will play host to Temple, which is playing in the tournament
for the first time since 1984, in the first round of the double-elimination
tournament that leads to the College World Series next month in Omaha, Neb.

Southwest Missouri State (36-22), which won the Missouri Valley Conference
regular-season title, was left out.

* Meramec Community College's softball team finished fifth in the 16-team
National Junior College Athletic Association tournament in Kissimmee, Fla.
Meramec (55-12-1) won the first two games but lost the last two. Glennis
Donnelly hit two home runs in the tournament.

TENNIS

Ferrero, Dokic ache before French Open

Juan Carlos Ferrero, the world's fourth-ranked player, has a groin muscle injury
that might force him to miss the French Open, which starts next week.

"I'm in pain even when I walk," he said.

Ferrero would rank among the favorites if he recovers from the injury, which
flared Sunday during the final of the German Open. The loss to Spanish
compatriot Albert Portas ended his 16-match winning streak, the best on the tour
this season.

* Jelena Dokic, coming off a victory at the Italian Open, withdrew from the
Strasbourg Open in Germany because of a back injury. Her status for the French
Open isn't certain.

* Stanford (30-0) swept Vanderbilt to win the NCAA title for the 11th time. LeLe
Forood became the first female coach to win an NCAA tennis title since the
tournament changed formats in 1982.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: SPORTS SHORTS

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              164 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                  May 22, 2001 Tuesday Five Star Lift Edition

RAIDERS OWNER LOSES CASE AGAINST NFL

BYLINE: From News Services

SECTION: SPORTS; Sports Shorts Column; Pg. E2

LENGTH: 664 words


Oakland Raiders owner Al Davis lost a $1.2 billion lawsuit in which he contended
that the NFL sabotaged a deal for a new stadium and forced the team to leave Los
Angeles.

The jury voted 9-3 on Monday in favor of the NFL, rejecting breach-of-contract
claims and other charges that the league violated bylaws in dealing with the
team, which left Los Angeles in 1995 after negotiations fell through for a new
stadium.

A maverick who often butts heads with other owners, Davis sat in the front row
throughout the six-week trial and spent five days on the stand, thought he
wasn't present for the verdict.

His attorney said the team will consider an appeal.

The league made three major gains with the verdict, said David Carter, a
sports-marketing consultant. "It reinforces their authority as the league's
governing authority. It allows them to gain some control over the Los Angeles
market, and I think it begins to marginalize Al Davis in the eyes of some of the
NFL," he said.

Davis moved his team in 1982 to Los Angeles from Oakland, Calif. After the 1995
season, however, the Raiders moved back to Oakland, and the Rams left for St.
Louis, leaving the city without an NFL franchise.

In the suit, the Raiders contended that the NFL forced them to leave the Los
Angeles market by pushing for a second team to play at a new stadium in the
suburbs. Davis said a second team would have crippled his team in regard to
selling luxury suites and to building fan loyalty.

The league contended that Davis used the situation to get a better deal from
Oakland. One question raised by the case was whether Davis is angling to move
the Raiders back to Los Angeles.

* Lee Roy Selmon, whose Hall of Fame career with the Tampa Bay Buccaneers ended
in 1984, was hired as South Florida's athletics director, taking a job his
predecessor left amid charges of racism in the women's basketball program.

* The Denver Broncos released quarterback Steve Stenstrom. He had been competing
against Ronnie McAda and Jarious Jackson for the team's third spot, behind Brian
Griese and Gus Frerotte.

RiverCity Renegades quarterback Corby Jones and kicker Dan O'Donnell were
selected as Indoor Professional Football League players of the week. In a 15-13
loss to the Boise Stallions last weekend, Jones amassed 161 yards of offense,
and O'Donnell kicked five field goals.

COLLEGES

Cal-State Fullerton gets top baseball seed

California State-Fullerton brought home a College World Series title the last
time the team held this position. Fullerton was selected Monday as the top seed
for the 64-team NCAA Division I baseball tournament.

Fullerton (41-15) will play host to Temple, which is playing in the tournament
for the first time since 1984, in the first round of the double-elimination
tournament that leads to the College World Series next month in Omaha, Neb.

Southwest Missouri State (36-22), which won the Missouri Valley Conference
regular-season title, was left out.

* Meramec Community College's softball team finished fifth in the 16-team
National Junior College Athletic Association tournament in Kissimmee, Fla.
Meramec (55-12-1) won the first two games but lost the last two. Glennis
Donnelly hit two home runs in the tournament.

TENNIS

Ferrero, Dokic ache before French Open

Juan Carlos Ferrero, the world's fourth-ranked player, has a groin muscle injury
that might force him to miss the French Open, which starts next week.

The injury flared Sunday during the final of the German Open. The loss to
Spanish compatriot Albert Portas ended his 16-match winning streak, the best on
the tour this season.

* Jelena Dokic, coming off a victory at the Italian Open, withdrew from the
Strasbourg Open in Germany because of a back injury. Her status for the French
Open isn't certain.

* Stanford (30-0) swept Vanderbilt to win the NCAA women's title for the 11th
time. LeLe Forood became the first female coach to win the NCAA title since the
event changed formats in 1982.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2001

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: SPORTS SHORTS

                  Copyright 2001 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              165 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Crusader

SECTION: Section 6; Column 0; Magazine; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 1081 words


The Crusader

Matt Bai delivered a politically balanced, fair and informative article and in
no way attempted to canonize or marginalize Rudy Giuliani (Sept. 9). Bai stated
that Giuliani has not adequately addressed the United States' military
involvement in Iraq -- arguably, the most contentious issue hovering over the
2008 election. Giuliani has wisely omitted detailed plans that would make him a
convenient target for criticism by the other presidential aspirants who may lack
feasible plans to resolve the Iraq imbroglio.

Dale E. Hunt

Atlanta

Matt Bai points out that as mayor, even when he made important accomplishments,
Rudolph Giuliani did not know when to stop. Bai goes on to note that ''Giuliani
seemed to want to control everything.'' This excellent analysis would have been
even stronger if Bai had reminded readers that after 9/11, Giuliani suggested he
wanted to extend his term of office -- a disturbing reminder of his undemocratic
tendencies. Certainly a trait we do not need in the next president.

Marvin Ciporen

Brooklyn

The former mayor is exactly the kind of person we need to keep us safe: tough
and smart enough to scare the terrorists from attacking us again. But his
relationship -- or rather, lack of relationship -- with his kids bothers me. I
would vote for him even with these doubts if he'd rethink his stand on the
illegals invading our country.

Kitty Hogan

Portland, Ore.

It seems everyone thinks he's Winston Churchill. President Bush and Rudolph
Giuliani both cast themselves as the prescient leader who understood the danger
and came to the fore at the critical moment to save the nation. Apart from the
fact that neither Bush nor Giuliani really foresaw the danger, we have here
Churchills without the blood, sweat and tears. Neither man would raise the tax
rates on the wealthy even 1 percent to pay for misguided foreign adventures.

William Andrews

New York

Hail or disparage the ''metrics'' system Giuliani is proud to claim as his own.
Bottom line on the judgment of his character is in the answer to this question:
What public service has Rudy Giuliani performed in the six years since Sept. 11?
None. He has filled his personal coffers.

Sally Benner

New York

Defender of the Faith?

Mark Edmundson presents Freud's arguments in ''Moses and Monotheism'' to mean
that a combination of ''an internal, invisible God'' and ''the mental labor of
monotheism'' is necessary for ''a triumph of intellectuality over sensuality''
and thereby for achievement in abstract areas of thought, including law,
mathematics, science and literary art (Sept. 9). Yet the polytheistic Greeks,
whose gods were experienced as visible, achieved as much as or more than the
monotheists in all of these fields of abstract endeavor, to which we can add
philosophy.

As for Edmundson's ''suggestion'' that ''belief in an unseen God may prepare the
ground . . . for intense introspection,'' the famous Platonic injunction to
''Know thyself'' was inscribed on the temple of Apollo at Delphi -- as Freud, an
amateur of classical studies, doubtless knew.

Andrew Levitas, M.D.

Cherry Hill, N.J.

Edmundson nicely contrasts the profound atheism of Schopenhauer, Nietzsche and
Freud with the dogmatic materialism trumpeted in recent books by Richard
Dawkins, Sam Harris and Christopher Hitchens. I was disappointed, however, by
his summary invocation of the ''enduring value'' of religious faith as ''a
source of inspiration and of practical wisdom.'' None of the philosophers he
mentions in the article would endorse such a platitude. Schopenhauer, Nietzsche
and Freud did not simply look to religion as a source of poetic inspiration, but
rather explored how religious thought and sensibility infused even the most
''secular'' of our beliefs, practices and institutions. Nietzsche may have
famously written that ''God is dead,'' but he also wrote that we still live
among God's shadows. From this perspective, it is not enough to say that the new
atheists wrongly neglect the moral and spiritual resources of scripture, but
that they fail to come to terms with the theological dimensions of their own
position. Freud might have described it as a repression of the first order.

Jason Frank

Ithaca, N.Y.

Is the magazine slowly slipping into an accommodation of religion at the expense
of a secular outlook? We were concerned by the tone of Noah Feldman's Aug. 26
essay, ''Universal Faith,'' on dual use and the new charter schools, but
Edmundson's article on Freud and religion, although carefully nuanced, was very
perplexing. Nietzsche and Schopenhauer were both great ironists, and the
attributions concerning their remarks on Christianity in the article only affirm
that. Are we seeing a tendency to soft-pedal atheist thinkers' opposition to
religion?

James And Mary Taylor

Harper Woods, Mich.

Kudos to Mark Edmundson for a thought-provoking article. I would like to add to
his reading of ''Moses and Monotheism'' that, like Moses, Freud saw himself
repeatedly misunderstood by his own followers and thus symbolically murdered
time and again down the decades. Like the Israelites, forever tempted to go back
to worshiping the golden calf, Freud's followers repeatedly misunderstood his
message, as manifested in the ''heresies'' of Alfred Adler, C. G. Jung, Otto
Rank or Sandor Ferenczi. Like Moses breaking the tablets, Freud often reacted
with wrath. Unlike Moses, Freud sometimes ended by endorsing ''heretical'' ideas
he first repudiated.

Zvi Lothane, M.D.

New York

Conscience of a Conservative

Jeffrey Rosen's article was an interesting portrait of Jack L. Goldsmith (Sept.
9). It was surprising, however, that Goldsmith's book cites Abraham Lincoln as a
hero who is presented as a foil to the Bush administration's broad
interpretation of executive power. In fact, Lincoln's own view of executive
power was no less extreme. In retrospect, we ignore the radical nature of
Lincoln's views because we admire his causes (Union and freedom). In contrast,
most who oppose the Bush administration's views do so because they are opposed
to its conduct of the wars in Afghanistan and Iraq. This confuses the issue. Any
power can be both used and misused; the question of what the president may do
under the Constitution is distinct from the question of what he should do. Legal
scholars have a particular responsibility to sever their analysis of the
Constitution from their views on current government policy.

Brian C. Hayes

Galloway Township, N.J.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              166 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 23, 2007 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Letters: The Crusader

SECTION: Section 6; Column 0; Magazine Desk; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 370 words


The Crusader

Matt Bai delivered a politically balanced, fair and informative article and in
no way attempted to canonize or marginalize Rudy Giuliani (Sept. 9). Bai stated
that Giuliani has not adequately addressed the United States' military
involvement in Iraq -- arguably, the most contentious issue hovering over the
2008 election. Giuliani has wisely omitted detailed plans that would make him a
convenient target for criticism by the other presidential aspirants who may lack
feasible plans to resolve the Iraq imbroglio.

Dale E. Hunt

Atlanta

Matt Bai points out that as mayor, even when he made important accomplishments,
Rudolph Giuliani did not know when to stop. Bai goes on to note that ''Giuliani
seemed to want to control everything.'' This excellent analysis would have been
even stronger if Bai had reminded readers that after 9/11, Giuliani suggested he
wanted to extend his term of office -- a disturbing reminder of his undemocratic
tendencies. Certainly a trait we do not need in the next president.

Marvin Ciporen

Brooklyn

The former mayor is exactly the kind of person we need to keep us safe: tough
and smart enough to scare the terrorists from attacking us again. But his
relationship -- or rather, lack of relationship -- with his kids bothers me. I
would vote for him even with these doubts if he'd rethink his stand on the
illegals invading our country.

Kitty Hogan

Portland, Ore.

It seems everyone thinks he's Winston Churchill. President Bush and Rudolph
Giuliani both cast themselves as the prescient leader who understood the danger
and came to the fore at the critical moment to save the nation. Apart from the
fact that neither Bush nor Giuliani really foresaw the danger, we have here
Churchills without the blood, sweat and tears. Neither man would raise the tax
rates on the wealthy even 1 percent to pay for misguided foreign adventures.

William Andrews

New York

Hail or disparage the ''metrics'' system Giuliani is proud to claim as his own.
Bottom line on the judgment of his character is in the answer to this question:
What public service has Rudy Giuliani performed in the six years since Sept. 11?
None. He has filled his personal coffers.

Sally Benner

New York

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS (PHOTOGRAPHS BY NIGEL PARRY)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2007 The New York Times Company


                              167 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

A miraculous opening develops for the Republicans' Santorum

BYLINE: Matt Bondy

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 590  words


For the Republican party's social conservative standard bearer, it was quite
literally a gift from God.

Former Pennsylvania senator and dogged Republican presidential candidate Rick
Santorum didn't need a gold-plated invitation to contrast himself with both
Barack Obama and his fellow GOP presidential nominees on social issues. That's
been his thing from day 1.

But when the Obama administration last week ordered Roman Catholic
Church-affiliated employers to cover the cost of contraception for employees
(and then later toned down its position), the fiercely conservative and
staunchly Catholic Santorum was primed.

"When you marginalize faith in America, when you remove the pillar of God-given
rights, then what's left is the French Revolution," Santorum said of the Obama
administration's apparent assault on the first amendment of the United States
constitution.

Hysterical? Sure, maybe. But to a guy like Santorum, the risk of rhetorical
exaggeration is nothing compared to the risk that comes with letting liberal
politicians like Obama chip away at religious freedom.

And it's not just politicians.

In California on Feb. 7, a three-judge appeals court found that Proposition 8 -
a 2008 amendment to the state constitution enshrining the traditional definition
of marriage - was unconstitutional.

"Judicial tyranny is a serious issue in this country," Santorum said of the
controversial decision to overturn the democratic result of the Prop 8
referendum.

The court's move, he argued, is "almost absurd," and harmful to the "foundations
of our society."

It's not every day that political candidates have the opportunity to so
soaringly defend their values and philosophical vision - or for that matter, to
throw around words like "guillotine," which Santorum used to underline the risk
of heading down a path of militant secularism as in revolutionary France.

But to a socially conservative presidential hopeful, the political environment
all but begs for it.

The GOP front-runner, Mitt Romney, is perceived by the party's base as a
moderate at best; the Obama administration has just picked a fight with a
religious institution full to the rafters with swing voters; and liberal judges
have just landed a high-profile blow to traditional marriage.

That would have been enough. But it's more than just the issues themselves for
Santorum. It's the timing, too.

On Feb. 28, Republicans in Arizona and Michigan - both important swing states -
will head to the primary polls. Romney's father was governor of Michigan, making
it a home-state for Romney and a must-win. But it's blue-collar Santorum who's
got the cred with manufacturing folks, and with hard-pressed families struggling
to make it in Michigan's rough economy.

Super Tuesday follows, on March 6, when no less than 11 primary contests will be
held simultaneously.

If Santorum wins Michigan, he'll head into the big day with what George H. W.
Bush once famously called "The Big Mo" - the all-important momentum factor that
accounts for that human and vital element of democratic politics.

If he takes Michigan and scores a few wins on Super Tuesday, the whole dynamic
of the Republican race could change, and Santorum could determine whether to
press on or cut a deal with Romney for a cabinet post or even the
vice-presidential nomination.

But no matter how the race shakes out after March 6, one thing is clear and
certain: a conservative culture warrior and presidential candidate could not
have reasonably hoped for such an incredible political opening.

Santorum must have prayed, instead.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Metroland Media Group Ltd
                              All Rights Reserved


                              168 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Guelph Mercury (Ontario, Canada)

                           February 16, 2012 Thursday
                                 First Edition

A miraculous opening develops for the Republicans' Santorum

BYLINE: Matt Bondy

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A10

LENGTH: 590 words


For the Republican party's social conservative standard bearer, it was quite
literally a gift from God.

Former Pennsylvania senator and dogged Republican presidential candidate Rick
Santorum didn't need a gold-plated invitation to contrast himself with both
Barack Obama and his fellow GOP presidential nominees on social issues. That's
been his thing from day 1.

But when the Obama administration last week ordered Roman Catholic
Church-affiliated employers to cover the cost of contraception for employees
(and then later toned down its position), the fiercely conservative and
staunchly Catholic Santorum was primed.

"When you marginalize faith in America, when you remove the pillar of God-given
rights, then what's left is the French Revolution," Santorum said of the Obama
administration's apparent assault on the first amendment of the United States
constitution.

Hysterical? Sure, maybe. But to a guy like Santorum, the risk of rhetorical
exaggeration is nothing compared to the risk that comes with letting liberal
politicians like Obama chip away at religious freedom.

And it's not just politicians.

In California on Feb. 7, a three-judge appeals court found that Proposition 8 -
a 2008 amendment to the state constitution enshrining the traditional definition
of marriage - was unconstitutional.

"Judicial tyranny is a serious issue in this country," Santorum said of the
controversial decision to overturn the democratic result of the Prop 8
referendum.

The court's move, he argued, is "almost absurd," and harmful to the "foundations
of our society."

It's not every day that political candidates have the opportunity to so
soaringly defend their values and philosophical vision - or for that matter, to
throw around words like "guillotine," which Santorum used to underline the risk
of heading down a path of militant secularism as in revolutionary France.

But to a socially conservative presidential hopeful, the political environment
all but begs for it.

The GOP front-runner, Mitt Romney, is perceived by the party's base as a
moderate at best; the Obama administration has just picked a fight with a
religious institution full to the rafters with swing voters; and liberal judges
have just landed a high-profile blow to traditional marriage.

That would have been enough. But it's more than just the issues themselves for
Santorum. It's the timing, too.

On Feb. 28, Republicans in Arizona and Michigan - both important swing states -
will head to the primary polls. Romney's father was governor of Michigan, making
it a home-state for Romney and a must-win. But it's blue-collar Santorum who's
got the cred with manufacturing folks, and with hard-pressed families struggling
to make it in Michigan's rough economy.

Super Tuesday follows, on March 6, when no less than 11 primary contests will be
held simultaneously.

If Santorum wins Michigan, he'll head into the big day with what George H. W.
Bush once famously called "The Big Mo" - the all-important momentum factor that
accounts for that human and vital element of democratic politics.

If he takes Michigan and scores a few wins on Super Tuesday, the whole dynamic
of the Republican race could change, and Santorum could determine whether to
press on or cut a deal with Romney for a cabinet post or even the
vice-presidential nomination.

But no matter how the race shakes out after March 6, one thing is clear and
certain: a conservative culture warrior and presidential candidate could not
have reasonably hoped for such an incredible political opening.

Santorum must have prayed, instead.

LOAD-DATE: April 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Toronto Star Newspapers, Ltd.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              169 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                      DECEMBER 2, 1997 Tuesday SF EDITION

AVANT-GARDE DREAMER DECIDES TO HEAD WEST / RELACHE FOUNDER JOSEPH FRANKLIN SAYS
HE LEAVES WITH A SENSE OF ACCOMPLISHMENT.

BYLINE: Daniel Webster, INQUIRER MUSIC CRITIC

SECTION: FEATURES MAGAZINE: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. F03

LENGTH: 720 words


It took a dreamer's eye and an iconoclast's fist to found a new music group here
in 1977. The city was still a little giddy from its Bicentennial celebration,
and Joseph Franklin thought he sensed a new openness in music circles.

He probably misunderstood that mood, but with his own dream clearly in mind,
Franklin and his friend, trombonist Joseph Showalter, and performance artist
Anson Kenney bravely announced that they were starting Relache.

Franklin, then 33, had trained as a composer at the University of the Arts and
Temple University, but his interest was in bypassing standard repertoire to put
on music that, as he put it, "would transcend the obvious."

He succeeded, but now 20 years into Relache and the sole remaining founder,
Franklin says he has blunted his last lance against attitudes that continue to
marginalize music that transcends the obvious.

Franklin said he enjoyed outraging audiences with some of Relache's projects. In
one, Anson Kenney slapped a string bass while electrodes taped to his bare torso
converted his rising body heat into sound through towers of electronic gadgetry.
Franklin laughs now at the memory of a later performance, of a piece titled Wolf
Man, "which blew the whole sound system in Mandell Theater. It was great!" he
gloats.

Franklin soon stopped introducing his own music at Relache concerts and
concentrated on enlarging the season, developing tours, widening the group's
reach and cementing a group comfortable with his ideas of programming. Relache
evolved into an ensemble that performed music built around improvisation, that
was propelled by jazz elements and influenced by world music and rock. It
introduced music by Robert Ashley, Alvin Lucier, Robert Moran, Lois V Vierk and
John Cage, and encouraged music by ensemble members Guy Klucevsek and Romulus
Franceschini.

In a city of largely conservative musical tastes, Relache built an audience,
mainly of young people eager to defy convention.

"We tried to connect with young people; we tried to bring the world to
Philadelphia," Franklin says. "We tried to ask why we cling to the old European
models."

Franklin's energy in enlarging Relache's program eventually led to hosting the
New Music America festival here in 1987 and produced tours in Europe, South
America, Asia and throughout the United States. He had devised a program, "Music
in Motion," that attracted school audiences and further expanded the ensemble's
touring. Franklin has added a cyberspace version of Music in Motion, which soon
will be in place on the Internet this year.

Franklin says that in trying to connect with young people, "we were always
leading the way. But I began to feel that Relache was getting middle-aged and it
was time for me to leave. I do it only because two things are true. One is that
the new managing director, Colette Domingues, is so good, and second that the
ensemble wants to continue. They have really taken charge, and I hope that sends
a message to the community."

Franklin had often appeared in public as the desperate-sounding, glowering
victim of the city's indifference. Still, he kept the ensemble afloat for 20
years, despite declining finances. The ensemble at one time operated on a
$400,000 annual budget, but that figure had shrunk by half in the last two
years. "We had developed an audience here, but not a moneyed audience," he says.

Managing director Domingues says Relache will continue with the members making
the artistic decisions. It will, she adds, model itself on the California Ear
Unit, a cooperative new-music ensemble whose members reach communal agreement on
such matters as repertoire, direction, performance sites and touring. Relache
opened the season in October and will continue with concerts March 20-21, April
24-25 and June 5-6. Domingues says the repertoire will be chosen by the ensemble
members.

Franklin will be leaving Philadelphia for Helena, Mont., where he will become
artistic director of the Helena Presents-Myrna Loy Center, a producer of new
music, theater, dance and film. He says he puts Relache behind him with a sense
of accomplishment. "We dared to set a new course, and dared to fail . . . which
we did a lot," he laughs. "But a lot of those concerts were fine. There are
great people here, and we've done our job."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
PHOTO
Joseph Franklin is taking a post in Helena, Mont.

                  Copyright 1997 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              170 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     April 28, 2003, Monday, FINAL EDITION

If Republicans were pro-family, they would support gay unions

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 569 words

It is disappointing that conservatives claim to support families but continue to
denigrate committed gay and lesbian couples ("Santorum says gay acts threat to
American family," USATODAY.com, Tuesday; "Gay rights issues scuttle GOP efforts
at unity," News, Thursday).

Keeping homosexual conduct illegal neither discourages sexual acts nor
encourages stable families. It simply marginalizes people who are, by their
nature, homosexual.


A genuinely pro-family, pro-monogamy party would support gays and lesbians
coming out of the shadows and building their own families. There is no inherent
antagonism between homosexual and heterosexual relationships.

Indeed, if some heterosexuals feel that their marriages are threatened simply
because the gay couple next door is not deterred by unjust arrest, they have
more serious problems.

The hypocrisy of a White House that challenges Trent Lott, but not Rick
Santorum, is plain. If anything, it is this cynical union of politics and
prejudice at the heart of "modern" conservatism that should offend us all.

Andrew Solomon

New York

GOP values questioned

Attacks against Sen. Rick Santorum are ridiculous. It infuriates me that the
press even prints what I believe amounts to distortions.

As I see this controversy, gay groups are not against anything Santorum said.
They are against the conservative Republican values he holds. The press would be
wise to publish it that way.

Tim Saha

Corpus Christi, Texas

Overturn archaic laws

The fury over Sen. Rick Santorum's negative comments comparing homosexuality to
bigamy and incest has clearly demonstrated yet another reason why sodomy laws
need to be overturned and good laws like the Federal Hate Crimes bill and the
Employment Non-Discrimination Act (ENDA) should be passed in Congress.

The archaic sodomy laws were originally passed to encourage procreation by
heterosexual couples. However, in today's world heterosexual sodomy is legal,
but homosexual sodomy is not. Where is the fairness in these laws?

This is further demonstration of the need to repeal all sodomy laws and pass
laws that protect gays and lesbians from discrimination based on hate in this
country.

Kurt S. Sauer

Allentown, Pa.

A matter of opinion

Why should Sen. Rick Santorum step down or even apologize for the remarks he
made equating homosexuality with polygamy and incest during an interview, when
other politicians aren't held to the same standards?

Are we going to demand an apology and resignation every time a senator or member
of Congress says something that offends us?

One may not agree with Santorum, but he is just as entitled to his opinion as
anybody else.

Mike Hassett

Chelmsford, Mass.

Senator shows courage

I commend Sen. Rick Santorum for having the courage to defend the anti-sodomy
law, currently being challenged in the U.S. Supreme Court.

Just because a law is extremely difficult to enforce doesn't mean it shouldn't
exist -- unless, of course, the law in question is an unjust one.

But such isn't the case in regard to unnatural sexual activity, for it is indeed
contrary to the moral law. And moral law supersedes human law. There is,
however, one major flaw in the Texas statute: It applies only to homosexuals. It
should apply to heterosexuals as well.

Matt C. Abbott

Chicago

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Susan Walsh, AP; On Capitol Hill: Sen. Rick Santorum of
Pennsylvania, the No. 3 Republican in the Senate leadership, is under fire for
his remarks on consensual gay sex.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              171 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                    August 11, 2002 Sunday Michigan Edition

Long live the king;
Twenty-five years after his death, Elvis still attracts new fans

BYLINE: By ANDREW S. HUGHES; Tribune Staff Writer

SECTION: SUNDAYPUNCH; Pg. F1

LENGTH: 1320 words


Elvis Presley died 25 years ago this Friday, and the hits keep coming.

In June, Presley had the No. 1 song on Great Britain's singles chart with a
remix of "A Little Less Conversation," which Presley recorded for the 1968 movie
"Live a Little, Love a Little."

Since its release in the United States on June 26, the song has enjoyed
increasing airplay on radio and lodged itself on three of Billboard's singles
charts -- adult contemporary, Top 40 Tracks and the Hot 100 singles.

Furthermore, children are swiveling their hips this summer to the sound of
Presley on the soundtrack to the animated feature "Lilo & Stitch," which
features five songs sung by Presley and covers of two songs he made famous.

This summer's double whammy of success for Presley the singer is just the latest
bit of rehabilitation his image has undergone since he died at the age of 42
from a heart attack he suffered while using the bathroom.

By then, Presley had become an overweight, drug-addicted shadow of himself, and
details of a diet rich in peanut butter and banana

sandwiches and rumors that he faked his death served only to marginalize his
music and consign his image to the tabloids.

Glenn Gass, a professor in the School of Music at Indiana University
Bloomington, says Presley has been "rescued from joke status a few times" in the
last few decades.

Gass, who teaches courses on the history of rock 'n' roll, was in England,
teaching a class on the Beatles, when "A Little Less Conversation" hit No. 1
there in June. He says Presley's being taken more seriously now than he has been
in recent years.

"In England, anyway, the papers were full of 'Elvis is back: What does it mean?'
" Gass says.

In the case of "A Little Less Conversation," it means good timing and good
promotion can build interest in a song where it's least expected.

In 2001, Presley's original recording showed up on the soundtrack to "Ocean's
Eleven" as one of the movie's main musical themes.

A Dutch disc jockey, Tom Holkenburg of the group Junkie XL, then remixed

"A Little Less Conversation" for use in a television commercial for Nike during
the World Cup, and suddenly, Presley had his 18th No. 1 single in England, which
now puts him ahead of the Beatles over there by one release.

As if to confirm Presley's durability as a pop singer, the new single relies
more on Presley's voice than on Holkenburg's skills as a DJ for its success. The
remix changes little about the original recording; it doubles the song's length,
pumps up the rhythm tracks and adds some discreet sound effects to give it the
feel of a contemporary dance track but leaves Presley's voice front and center
in the mix.

A magnetic performer

 Presley's fans understand the success of "A Little Less Conversation" and any
other interest the world shows in him: Presley was a magnetic performer unlike
anyone else in rock 'n' roll.

Owen D. "Butch" Morgan, chairman of the Democratic party for Indiana's 2nd
District, saw Presley perform live five times between 1972 and 1976. He sat in
the 10th row for the first of those five concerts, that one at Chicago Stadium.

"I was just captivated," he says. "He really connected with the audience. He
ruled the world when he was onstage. He had a presence about him, and his voice
was good."

On Aug. 9, Morgan threw a party at South Bend's Holiday Inn in memory of
Presley.

"There's a lot of fun made of what happened to him in his later years, but his
fans will always be his fans, and younger people are developing an appreciation
for his music," he says. "It has well stood the test of time because it's good."

Quentin Flagg, a 19-year-old Elvis tribute artist from Argos, was born six years
after Presley died and didn't become a fan until he was 14, when he saw Trent

Carlini perform in a tribute show. From there, Flagg immersed himself in
Presley's records and movies and made his first public appearance as Elvis in
1998.

"Instead of just standing and singing a song, he put feeling into it; you could
see it in his facial expressions and the moves that he did," Flagg says. "He
gave his heart and soul when he sang, and you can hear it on the recordings.
Every song he sang, he sang with some emotion. He didn't say, 'Oh, here's
another song.' "

At The Nostalgia Store in Scottsdale Mall, South Bend, Sheila

Borum stocks an entire case of Elvis memorabilia that includes cookie jars,
street signs, posters, combs and Elvis dog tags that were manufactured in the
1950s. The merchandise doesn't sit in her store for long, either.

"Elvis makes a house payment now and then," Borum says. "He's good."

Borum says Elvis memorabilia increases in value quickly. A few years ago, a
life-size cardboard cutout of Presley taken from his 1968 television special was
released at a list price in the neighborhood of $25. It now sells for $200 on
the collector's market.

"They are buying it because they absolutely love him, and they are building a
shrine," she says. "I had a guy come in here one time and tell me he had to
build an extra room on his house for his wife's Elvis collectibles."

'An overwhelming instrument'

 Gass says Presley's voice was "an overwhelming instrument" that was backed by a
great band -- Scotty Moore, Bill Black and D.J. Fontana on his earliest, best
releases, recorded for Sun Records in 1954 and '55.

"They knew the blues and gospel and country, and mixed it all up," Gass says.
"It's like hearing Muddy Waters: There's something so deep and rooted and right,
that they have that kind of resonance and weight."

Presley recorded songs written by everyone from Lieber and Stoller to Lennon and
McCartney, from Otis Blackwell to Eddie Rabbitt.

"He would work on the arrangements, but he understood his strengths, and he
could blend well with good writers," Morgan says. "He had a lot more technical
talent than people are aware of. Until you see 'That's the Way It Is' or "Elvis
on Tour,' you don't know about it."

When he teaches his history of rock 'n' roll class at IU, Gass says, one of the
joys for him is "bringing Elvis" to today's college students.

"I do get a lot of comments that the discovery of Elvis is like a light going
off," he says.

Despite that, Gass says the success of "A Little Less Conversation" is not as
significant or far-reaching as the generations-crossing success of the Beatles'
"1," a compilation of 27 Beatles classics that has reportedly served to
introduce today's high school and college students to the Fab Four.

Gass says Presley's records, in contrast to those of the Beatles, are aurally
and culturally dated and require a desire to appreciate them.

"I really do think that if you have Elvis in your soul, you never lose that, but
it is difficult to spread that," he says. "Here, he is history; he was already
dead several years before any of these students were born. ... There is the more
negative take that your average teen-ager is not going to relate to Elvis. The
Beatles phenomenon is much more understandable. The '60s kind of set the
standard for youth culture, and Elvis was from a completely different time
period."

Borum, however, says she has had customers in their teens and younger buy
Presley memorabilia for themselves. She says she thinks Presley continues to
appeal to multiple generations because he's enigmatic yet familiar to people.

"I think that family members who like him have passed on the love that they have
for him," she says. "He was kind of a mystery person, but everybody thought he
was just down-to-earth and like them."

Gass says Presley's "saga captures all of the hope and tragedy of America. ...
He spans the entire spectrum, from the very best to the very tackiest of
America, and if he was anything less, he would be merely great."

Tribune staff writer Laureen Fagan contributed to this story.

 Staff writer Andrew S. Hughes:

ahughes@sbtinfo.com

(574) 235-6377


LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:    AP File Photos  Fans view Elvis Presley's grave, center, on the
grounds of Graceland, Presley's Memphis, Tenn., home, in this Aug. 15, 1997,
file photo.  AP Photo/MARK HUMPHREY

                 Copyright 2002 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              172 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 7, 2017 Saturday
                                Regional Edition

Virginia's latest attempt to marginalize minorities

BYLINE: Editorial Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A14

LENGTH: 491 words


IT IS curious that a Republican state legislator in Virginia is hoping to
legislate discrimination and thereby emulate North Carolina, whose notorious
"bathroom bill" last year cost the state hundreds of millions of dollars in lost
sporting events, tourism, conventions and concerts, to say nothing of jobs
forfeited when prominent companies  such as PayPal squashed planned expansions.
That Del. Robert G. Marshall (Prince William) wants to copy the Tar Heel State's
disaster and risk a similar firestorm of disrepute in Virginia suggests an
agenda that does not exactly enshrine the commonwealth's best interests as his
No. 1 priority.

Mr. Marshall, a culture warrior who relishes provocation, the more incendiary
the better, insists he is a righteous guardian of women and girls who might be
groped or otherwise violated by predatory men posing as women in restrooms at
schools, public universities and other government buildings. Never mind that he
is an enthusiastic supporter of America's most prominent self-professed groper
of women: President-elect Donald Trump. ("Not voting for Trump would be a
horrible mistake!" he wrote.)

What really rankles Mr. Marshall is the very existence of transgender
individuals. He warns of the threat they represent - that desperate boys and men
will pretend to be transgender "to make a move on some teenage girls or women"
in bathrooms, notwithstanding his inability to cite a single instance in
Virginia of such misconduct.

Once upon a time in Virginia, and elsewhere in the Jim Crow South, it was black
people whom lawmakers sought to repel from public facilities used by whites. Now
it's transgender individuals, who represent a new kind of "other," anathema to
sentries of the old guard such as Mr. Marshall who prefer an America in which
people who are different can be safely defined as deviants, without igniting a
politically correct tumult.

It's unlikely that Mr. Marshall's bill will become law, or even emerge from the
Republican- dominated legislature in Richmond, whose leadership is still licking
its wounds from a hullabaloo five years ago triggered by a bill that mandated
transvaginal ultrasounds for women considering abortions, the better to punish
and humiliate them. Even if Mr. Marshall's obnoxious legislation were somehow to
clear both houses of the General Assembly, Gov. Terry McAuliffe, a Democrat,
would veto it.

Still, it's likely to attract GOP votes in the House of Delegates, where the
idea of marginalizing minorities - see: voting restrictions - retains a certain
allure. The legislation would not only discriminate against transgender
individuals; it would also press public school teachers and principals into the
project by requiring that they report on any unauthorized bathroom use and
convey the information to parents.

That's an effective way to foster prejudice and confusion at any school, costs
that Mr. Marshall is more than willing to bear in the cause of intolerance.

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2017 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              173 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Maddie & Tae temper sassy tunes with reflective moments on debut album  Start
Here

BYLINE: By Sam Gnerre sam.gnerre@langnews.com @samgnerre on Twitter

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 287 words


Newcomers Maddie & Tae show remarkable promise as singers, performers and
especially as songwriters on  Start Here.

The 20-year-old Texan Madison Marlow and 19-year-old Oklahoman Taylor Dye
touched a nerve in 2014 with their self-penned single,  Girl in a Country Song.
The song was a million-selling No. 1 hit from last year s  Maddie & Tae  EP.

Their humorous send-up of the tendency to marginalize and objectify women
currently in vogue among the crop of  bro country  male performers caused one
such act, Florida Georgia Line, to criticize the song publicly.

So they must be doing something right.

A year later,  Start Here  contains a couple more spunky up-tempo numbers in the
Girl in a Country Song  vein like  Shut Up and Fish  and  Sierra.

But the heart of the album lies in less splashy tracks that play up the duo s
skillful harmonies and emotionally resonant lyrics. Their more recent hit,  Fly,
clearly exhibits those strengths. Their delicate harmonizing enhances the song s
inspirational message, which is set to an elegantly simple melody that gives it
a timeless feel. (Think Lee Ann Womack s modern country classic,  I Hope You
Dance. )

After the Storm Blows Through  nearly tops it. This mostly acoustic number about
standing by a friend in distress combines dazzling duet singing, a suitably
plaintive fiddle solo and an understated arrangement to create a near-perfect
complement to the song s empathetic lyrics.

Other standouts include the wry coming-of-age tune,  Downside of Growing Up,
and the sprightly  No Place Like You.

Even the lesser efforts on the mostly lighthearted  Start Here  are highly
listenable country-pop. But it s those more thoughtful moments that will
surprise and stay with you.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              174 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Pasadena Star-News (California)

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Maddie & Tae temper sassy tunes with reflective moments on debut album  Start
Here

BYLINE: By Sam Gnerre sam.gnerre@langnews.com @samgnerre on Twitter

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 287 words


Newcomers Maddie & Tae show remarkable promise as singers, performers and
especially as songwriters on  Start Here.

The 20-year-old Texan Madison Marlow and 19-year-old Oklahoman Taylor Dye
touched a nerve in 2014 with their self-penned single,  Girl in a Country Song.
The song was a million-selling No. 1 hit from last year s  Maddie & Tae  EP.

Their humorous send-up of the tendency to marginalize and objectify women
currently in vogue among the crop of  bro country  male performers caused one
such act, Florida Georgia Line, to criticize the song publicly.

So they must be doing something right.

A year later,  Start Here  contains a couple more spunky up-tempo numbers in the
Girl in a Country Song  vein like  Shut Up and Fish  and  Sierra.

But the heart of the album lies in less splashy tracks that play up the duo s
skillful harmonies and emotionally resonant lyrics. Their more recent hit,  Fly,
clearly exhibits those strengths. Their delicate harmonizing enhances the song s
inspirational message, which is set to an elegantly simple melody that gives it
a timeless feel. (Think Lee Ann Womack s modern country classic,  I Hope You
Dance. )

After the Storm Blows Through  nearly tops it. This mostly acoustic number about
standing by a friend in distress combines dazzling duet singing, a suitably
plaintive fiddle solo and an understated arrangement to create a near-perfect
complement to the song s empathetic lyrics.

Other standouts include the wry coming-of-age tune,  Downside of Growing Up,
and the sprightly  No Place Like You.

Even the lesser efforts on the mostly lighthearted  Start Here  are highly
listenable country-pop. But it s those more thoughtful moments that will
surprise and stay with you.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              175 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        San Bernardino Sun (California)

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Maddie & Tae temper sassy tunes with reflective moments on debut album  Start
Here

BYLINE: By Sam Gnerre sam.gnerre@langnews.com @samgnerre on Twitter

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 287 words


Newcomers Maddie & Tae show remarkable promise as singers, performers and
especially as songwriters on  Start Here.

The 20-year-old Texan Madison Marlow and 19-year-old Oklahoman Taylor Dye
touched a nerve in 2014 with their self-penned single,  Girl in a Country Song.
The song was a million-selling No. 1 hit from last year s  Maddie & Tae  EP.

Their humorous send-up of the tendency to marginalize and objectify women
currently in vogue among the crop of  bro country  male performers caused one
such act, Florida Georgia Line, to criticize the song publicly.

So they must be doing something right.

A year later,  Start Here  contains a couple more spunky up-tempo numbers in the
Girl in a Country Song  vein like  Shut Up and Fish  and  Sierra.

But the heart of the album lies in less splashy tracks that play up the duo s
skillful harmonies and emotionally resonant lyrics. Their more recent hit,  Fly,
clearly exhibits those strengths. Their delicate harmonizing enhances the song s
inspirational message, which is set to an elegantly simple melody that gives it
a timeless feel. (Think Lee Ann Womack s modern country classic,  I Hope You
Dance. )

After the Storm Blows Through  nearly tops it. This mostly acoustic number about
standing by a friend in distress combines dazzling duet singing, a suitably
plaintive fiddle solo and an understated arrangement to create a near-perfect
complement to the song s empathetic lyrics.

Other standouts include the wry coming-of-age tune,  Downside of Growing Up,
and the sprightly  No Place Like You.

Even the lesser efforts on the mostly lighthearted  Start Here  are highly
listenable country-pop. But it s those more thoughtful moments that will
surprise and stay with you.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              176 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Maddie & Tae temper sassy tunes with reflective moments on debut album  Start
Here

BYLINE: By Sam Gnerre sam.gnerre@langnews.com @samgnerre on Twitter

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 287 words


Newcomers Maddie & Tae show remarkable promise as singers, performers and
especially as songwriters on  Start Here.

The 20-year-old Texan Madison Marlow and 19-year-old Oklahoman Taylor Dye
touched a nerve in 2014 with their self-penned single,  Girl in a Country Song.
The song was a million-selling No. 1 hit from last year s  Maddie & Tae  EP.

Their humorous send-up of the tendency to marginalize and objectify women
currently in vogue among the crop of  bro country  male performers caused one
such act, Florida Georgia Line, to criticize the song publicly.

So they must be doing something right.

A year later,  Start Here  contains a couple more spunky up-tempo numbers in the
Girl in a Country Song  vein like  Shut Up and Fish  and  Sierra.

But the heart of the album lies in less splashy tracks that play up the duo s
skillful harmonies and emotionally resonant lyrics. Their more recent hit,  Fly,
clearly exhibits those strengths. Their delicate harmonizing enhances the song s
inspirational message, which is set to an elegantly simple melody that gives it
a timeless feel. (Think Lee Ann Womack s modern country classic,  I Hope You
Dance. )

After the Storm Blows Through  nearly tops it. This mostly acoustic number about
standing by a friend in distress combines dazzling duet singing, a suitably
plaintive fiddle solo and an understated arrangement to create a near-perfect
complement to the song s empathetic lyrics.

Other standouts include the wry coming-of-age tune,  Downside of Growing Up,
and the sprightly  No Place Like You.

Even the lesser efforts on the mostly lighthearted  Start Here  are highly
listenable country-pop. But it s those more thoughtful moments that will
surprise and stay with you.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              177 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Whittier Daily News (California)

                             August 31, 2015 Monday

Maddie & Tae temper sassy tunes with reflective moments on debut album  Start
Here

BYLINE: By Sam Gnerre sam.gnerre@langnews.com @samgnerre on Twitter

SECTION: LIFESTYLE

LENGTH: 287 words


Newcomers Maddie & Tae show remarkable promise as singers, performers and
especially as songwriters on  Start Here.

The 20-year-old Texan Madison Marlow and 19-year-old Oklahoman Taylor Dye
touched a nerve in 2014 with their self-penned single,  Girl in a Country Song.
The song was a million-selling No. 1 hit from last year s  Maddie & Tae  EP.

Their humorous send-up of the tendency to marginalize and objectify women
currently in vogue among the crop of  bro country  male performers caused one
such act, Florida Georgia Line, to criticize the song publicly.

So they must be doing something right.

A year later,  Start Here  contains a couple more spunky up-tempo numbers in the
Girl in a Country Song  vein like  Shut Up and Fish  and  Sierra.

But the heart of the album lies in less splashy tracks that play up the duo s
skillful harmonies and emotionally resonant lyrics. Their more recent hit,  Fly,
clearly exhibits those strengths. Their delicate harmonizing enhances the song s
inspirational message, which is set to an elegantly simple melody that gives it
a timeless feel. (Think Lee Ann Womack s modern country classic,  I Hope You
Dance. )

After the Storm Blows Through  nearly tops it. This mostly acoustic number about
standing by a friend in distress combines dazzling duet singing, a suitably
plaintive fiddle solo and an understated arrangement to create a near-perfect
complement to the song s empathetic lyrics.

Other standouts include the wry coming-of-age tune,  Downside of Growing Up,
and the sprightly  No Place Like You.

Even the lesser efforts on the mostly lighthearted  Start Here  are highly
listenable country-pop. But it s those more thoughtful moments that will
surprise and stay with you.

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              178 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            October 27, 2009 Tuesday

Tuesday takes

LENGTH: 227 words


Jason vs. Barack: U.S. Rep. Jason Altmire, D-Pa., is taking on "his" White
House. The McCandless moderate calls it "a mistake" and "beneath the White House
to get into a tit for tat" with Fox News. And he tells Politico.com that his
remarks also apply to the Obama administration attempts to marginalize the U.S.
Chamber of Commerce for its steadfast opposition to climate change legislation.
It's nice to see Mr. Altmire has put on his thinking cap.

Did we miss something?: We are reminded that it was last month when Allegheny
County types said a consultant would be in place by Oct. 1 to perform the
already tardy property tax assessment on the Rivers Casino on Pittsburgh's North
Shore. Well, is there a consultant? If not, why not? If so, who is it? And is
there any connection between this and the fact that Dan Fee, the casino's
spokesman, also is the spokesman for gubernatorial wannabe Dan Onorato, who
remains the county's chief executive? Inquiring minds want to know.

There they went: The 5-2 Pittsburgh Steelers find themselves in good position
headed into their bye week. They knocked off the previously undefeated Minnesota
Vikings on Sunday, are tied for first place with the Cincinnati Bengals in the
AFC North and have a respite to recover and prepare to travel to Denver to face
the Broncos on Nov. 9. Consider the Black and Gold right on track.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2009 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              179 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 21, 1999, Tuesday, Final Edition

A Kidnapper's Story: Can Crime Pay? Sinatra Case Will Test California's 'Son of
Sam' Law

Rene Sanchez, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1390 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


It was one of the most bizarre and bumbling kidnappings of the 1960s: Three
young men of promise abduct Frank Sinatra Jr. from a motel at gunpoint, demand
and get $ 240,000 ransom from his legendary father, then blow the whole scheme
by getting caught just days after they let him go.

Sound like a movie? It will be soon, and Barry Keenan, who was the ringleader of
the kidnapping and spent four years in prison for his crime, stands to collect a
handsome profit from a deal he struck in Hollywood for the rights to make a film
about the caper. But the California Supreme Court may not let him have a cent.

And therein lies another story, an unresolved tale about the competing rights of
convicted criminals and their victims and whether, in essence, crime should ever
pay.

At issue is a California statute that forbids felons from profiting financially
when the stories of their wrongdoing are told or sold. It's popularly known as a
"Son of Sam" law, a reference to New York serial killer David Berkowitz and his
groundbreaking attempt in the late 1970s to explain his crimes for money. Most
states have similar measures on the books, but the new challenge to California's
statute is emerging as the most important national test in nearly a decade of
whether such a law violates free speech.

Keenan, now a successful real estate developer in his late fifties, insists that
it does. In court papers, he contends that he has paid his debt to society and
has a constitutional right to sell his story.

"This is an important First Amendment case," said Stephen Rohde, his lawyer.
"You cannot marginalize his speech just because he was a criminal many years
ago."

But the junior Sinatra has been working zealously through the courts to prevent
Keenan from getting paid for the upcoming film. Sinatra's legal advisers liken
the money he could receive to a "second ransom." Neither man is publicly
discussing the case.

"This does not limit free speech," said Richard Specter, Sinatra's lawyer. "This
only impacts paid speech. If this law is struck down, victims across the country
will lose, and criminals will win."

The debate is in many ways a sign of the times: Movie companies and publishing
houses have the receipts to prove how popular true crime stories are with
audiences. The genre has become embedded in the culture. Even the teenagers
responsible for the massacre at Columbine High School in Littleton, Colo., this
year bragged on just-released tapes that "directors will be fighting over this
story." But as that entertainment market grows, so too is the influence that
victims' rights groups have in state legislatures.

Until recently, the slapstick saga of the junior Sinatra's brief kidnapping in
December 1963, a national sensation at the time, had been largely forgotten. But
two years ago writer Peter Gilstrap interviewed Keenan and published his strange
story of the crime, which took place in the resort town of Lake Tahoe, Nev., and
unraveled soon afterward all over Los Angeles, in New Times, a local weekly
here.

In that account, Keenan details how as a down-on-his-luck young businessman,
broke and dazed by an addiction to painkillers for a bad back, he concocted an
elaborate plot to squeeze cash from Frank Sinatra by capturing his son. It was
not a random choice. Keenan had been a friend of Sinatra's daughter, Nancy, when
they attended high school together in Los Angeles and told Gilstrap that at the
time he figured it would not be "morally wrong" to give the singer some grief
because he "always got his way."

Keenan was a novice criminal, but a clever one. He and a friend managed to
snatch 19-year-old Frank Jr. from a motel, hide him in Los Angeles for a few
days, and collect the ransom Sinatra left at a drop point on Sunset Boulevard.
Nothing went as planned but somehow it all worked--until the brother of one of
his cohorts turned them in. Keenan received a life sentence. It eventually was
reduced to less than five years.

As soon as Gilstrap's interview with Keenan hit print, it ignited a high-stakes
Hollywood bidding war to bring the tale to the big screen. Eventually, Columbia
Pictures won the right to "Snatching Sinatra" by offering Keenan and others a
total of $ 1.5 million in return for their cooperation in recounting their
story. But Frank Sinatra Jr., who is now a bandleader and singer, swiftly filed
suit and won a court order that prevents Columbia from paying his former
kidnapper.

The legal battle was on. Keenan has challenged that ruling and California's Son
of Sam law in state courts for the past year, to no avail. Now, backed by the
Southern California chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union, he has gone
to California's Supreme Court, and it has decided to review the case.

Some constitutional scholars say resolving the case will not be easy because of
its complex First Amendment implications. "This is a close and difficult case,"
said Stephen Barnett, a law professor at the University of California at
Berkeley. "A lot of these laws have not been tested, so it could be a very
important one, too."

The U.S. Supreme Court has ruled on the issue once. In 1991, in a case involving
a mobster's memoir, it struck down the nation's first Son of Sam law in New York
on the grounds that it was so broad it could suppress free speech. A publishing
house was allowed to pay the mob figure profits from his book.

The New York law covered anyone accused of a crime, not just convicts, and it
subjected even passing references to the crime in someone's book or film to its
requirements. But since the high court's decision, most states have narrowed the
scope of their Son of Sam laws. California revamped its own a few years ago,
applying it only to convicted felons and works that focus on, not just mention,
a particular crime.

Allies of Keenan contend that the law is still unconstitutional. They say that
by its standards, money earned even from landmark works of literature such as
Henry David Thoreau's "Civil Disobedience" or "The Autobiography of Malcolm X"
possibly could have been kept from their authors. They contend that crime
victims or their families have other routes through the courts to seize or limit
the assets of criminals. They also argue that Keenan should not be subject to
the law because it was created so long after his crime.

"This law could do grave damage to the fundamental rights we all cherish," said
Dilan Esper, an attorney for the American Civil Liberties Union.

But so far courts in California have said the law does not pose any of the
problems that the one in New York had. Some legal analysts also say that in its
rejection of New York's law, the Supreme Court made a point of noting that it
was not questioning the constitutionality of every statute with a similar
purpose.

In court papers, Sinatra's camp contends that while Keenan and others have an
absolute right to speech, no matter how offensive it may be, the government has
a compelling interest to stop criminals from reaping rewards from their unlawful
actions.

"You shouldn't be able to put a gun to someone's ear and kidnap them," Specter
said, "then cash in."

Some families of crime victims are so fearful that Keenan's fight will lead to
the demise of the California law that they are taking other steps to prevent
criminals from profiting on their stories.

Relatives of three women who were slain at Yosemite National Park this past
summer already have sued Cary Stayner, the man police say has confessed to the
killings, to collect any money he could receive from selling his
story--something he apparently is trying to do from jail as he awaits trial.

Ironically, Stayner's family already has been the subject of a television
mini-series based on the grim ordeal his younger brother suffered years ago when
he was kidnapped, held captive and sexually abused.

"He knows how this works," said Zachary Zwerdling, a lawyer for the family of
two of the slain women, Carole and Juli Sund. "Americans seem to love watching
these things get dramatized, and there's definitely big money to be made from
it. We want to put a stop to it."

Agents take Barry Keenan into custody in 1963 in the kidnapping of Frank Sinatra
Jr. Three decades later, Keenan, above, is at center of a dispute over whether
crime may pay.

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1999 The Washington Post


                              180 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            January 27, 2008 Sunday
                                 Met 2 Edition

A Margin That Will Be Hard To Marginalize

BYLINE: Alec MacGillis; Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1266 words


Across South Carolina last week, African American voters came in droves to see
Sen. Barack Obama. They came, they said in interviews, not just for a glimpse of
the first black candidate with a serious chance at winning the White House but
because they were drawn by his message of bringing Americans of all backgrounds
together.

"He speaks of things that touch the heart of everyday people. We all
collectively as a society have to hold onto our hope together," said Beverly
Newsome, a teacher in North Charleston. "How else are we going to make it if we
don't join together to create a better society for everyone?"

Obama rode this surge of excitement for all it was worth, badly needing a big
win after losses in New Hampshire and Nevada. In crowded high school gyms in
impoverished towns, the senator from Illinois made few direct mentions of the
historic nature of his candidacy but subtly encouraged voters not to give in to
self-doubt. ("Don't let people make you afraid," he said in Kingstree.) He
emphasized themes of interest to black voters -- his church-going, the high
numbers  of young blacks in prison. And he built a rapport with his jubilant,
boisterous audiences unlike anything he had enjoyed elsewhere, parrying shouted
remarks from the crowd and dropping into the vernacular with just enough irony
to avoid accusations of pandering.

"I need your Cousin Pookie to vote!" he'd say with a smile, in a plea for a big
turnout.

Voters loved it. After a rally in Kingstree on Thursday, Harrison McKnight, the
county coroner, said the only thing that came close to it was when the Rev.
Martin Luther King Jr. visited the town for a speech at the high school football
field in 1966. "It's wonderful. It's something new that wasn't here before,"
McKnight said.

There was an irony in this: By attracting African Americans with his message of
unity, Obama was at risk of allowing the opposition to cast him in narrower
terms than he would like.

The campaign of his chief opponent, Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton (N.Y.), was
preparing to discount an Obama victory in South Carolina as the predictable
result of black voters' support for a fellow African American. In Charleston
last week, Bill Clinton said, "They are getting votes, to be sure, because of
their race or gender, and that's why people tell me that Hillary doesn't have a
chance of winning here." Yesterday, he noted that Jesse Jackson had twice won
the state's Democratic primary.

And pre-election polls showing a drop in support for Obama among white voters in
South Carolina, alongside a surge in black support, threatened to undercut one
of his main themes: that he can transcend the nation's divisions.

With yesterday's resounding victory, Obama may have dodged that threat, emerging
from a hard-fought primary with his message of conciliation and his strategy of
cross-demographic appeal intact, even as he faces considerable challenges
leading up to the crush of 22 states voting a week from Tuesday. He won with 55
percent of the vote, double Clinton's share, and was carried by overwhelming
support from black voters, who made up more than half of the electorate and
voted for Obama 4 to 1 over Clinton, according to exit polls.

He received proportionately far less support from white voters -- about a
quarter voted for him, with the remainder splitting about evenly between Clinton
and former senator John Edwards (N.C.). Yet Obama's support among whites was
higher than had been predicted by several polls last week -- he won nearly as
many white men as Clinton -- allowing his campaign to argue that his message of
national conciliation  had a broader reach than many expected in a state with a
complex racial history.

"Race doesn't matter!" the crowd at Obama's victory celebration in Columbia
chanted last night, and when he spoke, the senator elaborated on the theme. He
said his victory disproved those who argue that people "think, act and even vote
within the categories that supposedly define us" -- that blacks will not vote
for a white candidate and vice versa.

"I did not travel around this state and see a white South Carolina or a black
South Carolina. I saw South Carolina," he said. The election, he said, "is not
about rich versus poor or young versus old, and it's not about black versus
white. This election is about the past versus the future."

The campaign now moves forward with a clear set of assets and disadvantages
heading into Super Tuesday on Feb. 5, when millions of voters will go to the
polls in California, New York, Illinois and 21 other states.

Obama has, it appears, secured a solid base among African Americans, despite the
fondness that many black voters had for Bill Clinton, and despite early
uncertainty among many African Americans about whether Obama was a viable
candidate or whether they could identify with the son of a Kenyan father and a
white mother. He will count on this base to deliver strong showings in the four
Southern states that vote on Feb. 5 -- he headed last night to Macon, Ga., and
today will visit Birmingham, Ala. -- as well as to help him compete in big
states such as California, New York and New Jersey.

At the same time, though, Obama will strive to prove in states such as Kansas,
Colorado and North Dakota that he continues to hold appeal for white voters in
"red state" areas, such as rural Iowa, where he ran close to even with Clinton
and Edwards, and rural Nevada, where he outperformed Clinton. And he will try to
cut into Clinton's large advantage among Hispanic voters, which advisers in both
campaigns agree is due partly to historic tensions between blacks and Hispanics.

The main challenge will be time: Obama was able to win such broad support in
Iowa after months of campaigning there, and he won backing from Hispanic voters
in Illinois after similarly lengthy exposure. That will not be possible in the
next 10 days. "One of the advantages we had in Iowa was that we had enormous
time for people to become familiar with me," Obama said at a news conference
last week. "We're going to have to translate those favorable impressions into a
much more compressed political schedule. That's a challenge we hope to meet."

For now, Obama supporters in South Carolina are relieved that he was able to
achieve a victory of such proportions that it will be hard for the opposition to
play it down. Many supporters were dismayed that there was even a chance that a
win could be discounted on the basis of his strong backing from black voters.
They noted that Obama had to work hard to win those voters, many of whom were
backing Clinton only a few months ago, and that the surge in turnout was not
simply a matter of identity politics, but also the result of a strong
grass-roots organization.

As for Obama's weaker performance among white voters in the state, his
supporters argued that this overlooked the presence of Edwards, who was born in
South Carolina and who captured 40 percent of white voters but drew virtually no
support among blacks.

For the Clinton campaign to try to "translate an Obama victory into a defeat,
that's absurd," Joe Kelly, an English professor at the College of Charleston,
said yesterday. "It really bothers me that they would do that."

The large margin of victory gave heart to those such as Mary Baise, a
telecommunications saleswoman in Beaufort who hoped that the results would not
be interpreted in demographic breakdowns alone.

"I hope people see that African Americans are standing beside him for who he is,
not because he's African American," she said after a rally on Thursday. "I'm
hoping they'll see things other than color."

LOAD-DATE: January 27, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              181 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                            November 12, 2006 Sunday

Assembly GOP moves against governor

BYLINE: By Steven HarmonMEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 549 words


SACRAMENTO -- Conservative Republican Assembly legislators signaled they are
prepared to make life difficult for Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger by installing a
combative conservative as their leader, a move experts said might backfire and
actually marginalize the GOP caucus.

Clovis Assemblyman Michael Villines, a San Jose native, was elected to the top
Assembly Republican leadership post Thursday after leading a quiet summer-long
campaign to oust former leader, San Diego's George Plescia.

Plescia was seen by conservatives as too willing a partner with Schwarzenegger,
a Republican, in negotiations over the budget and four infrastructure bond
proposals that voters approved Tuesday.

"They've gone for a guy who was in Schwarzenegger's face in opposing the bond
measures, and rendered themselves a little more irrelevant in the process," said
Tony Quinn, co-editor of California Target Book, a non-partisan publication that
tracks the Legislature. "That's their problem. The governor will simply deal
with the Democrats and when he needs six Republican votes on the budget, he'll
pick them off one at a time."

Republicans are the minority party -- they hold only 32 of the 80 seats in the
Assembly -- and generally are only able to influence legislation -- on taxes and
budgets -- when a two-thirds vote is needed.

Villines, 39, a former legislative aide, has two more two-year terms remaining
-- compared to Plescia, who had one term left -- which will allow for more
leadership continuity, Republicans said.

More importantly, they said, Villines had shown conservatives the stiff resolve
they believed Plescia lacked by fiercely opposing the bond measures -- one of
Schwarzenegger's legislative jewels that helped pave the way to his
re-election.Villines wrote the official argument against the keystone
initiative, Proposition 1B, the $19.9 billion transportation bond.

Plescia, 40, served as GOP leader for only seven months, finding himself thrust
into the center of complex negotiations over the budget and bond measures. He
became the object of ridicule after Democratic gubernatorial candidate Phil
Angelides' campaign leaked an audio tape in which Schwarzenegger's Chief of
Staff Susan Kennedy derided Plescia as akin to a deer caught in headlights.

Plescia on Friday pledged "full support and cooperation" in the transition,
sidestepping comment on his ouster.

Democrats are bracing for a return to more legislative logjam after a season of
relative cooperation, said Steve Maviglio, spokesman for Assembly Speaker Fabian
Nuez, D-Los Angeles.

"This will make this year's budget cycle much more difficult," Maviglio said.
"The big loser is Gov. Schwarzenegger. If he thought they were a wild bunch
before, now it's an entirely new ballgame. It would be a shame if they'd throw a
land mine over what we achieved this year."

Schwarzenegger will just have to work that much harder to get what he wants,
said Jack Pitney, professor of government at Claremont McKenna College.

"The governor spent 2006 doing outreach to Democrats, so he may now have to do
some outreach with Republicans as well," Pitney said. "Schwarzenegger's smart
enough to spot the problem before it gets out of hand. I expect Schwarzenegger
and his staff will be spending time with Republicans in the Legislature in the
weeks ahead."

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              182 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                     August 5, 2003, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Postal Service cannot afford sports bonus

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 509 words

According to USA TODAY's story "Armstrong repays teammates," the U.S. Postal
Service is now in the business of giving Lance Armstrong $ 3.2 million as a
performance bonus for winning his fifth consecutive Tour de France (News, July
29).

Isn't this the agency that is subsidized by the federal government and always
complains about losing money? Isn't this also the agency that continues to raise
rates in unsuccessful efforts to stay within its budget and provide better
service?

Armstrong certainly is a great athlete who has performed a remarkable feat in
winning five consecutive tours. He should be rewarded for his outstanding
achievements; but I have difficulty understanding how a tax-supported agency can
provide such funds for athletic performances. Perhaps the Postal Service needs
to upgrade its own performance. Is there no accountability?


Richard Bromley

Alexandria, Minn.

Drug addiction

Drug addiction is a disease, not a crime. USA TODAY's article " 'Meth' moves
East" brags about the massive police resources spent on busting drug labs (Cover
story, News, Wednesday). But I bet if we spent half as much money on treatment
and prevention, we wouldn't have the labs in the first place.

Adam Wiggins

Pasadena, Calif.

Check Dean's record

USA TODAY's editorial "Democrats cannot afford to marginalize moderates" gets
one thing right: Faced with the Bush administration's ballooning federal
deficit, Democrats must fight hard for fiscal discipline (Our view, Campaign
2004 debate, Thursday).

This is not just a matter of good politics; it's also good policy. As the budget
deficit spins out of control, essential governmental services, such as defense,
Social Security and education, are in danger.

But I must take issue with the editorial's characterization of Democratic
presidential candidate Howard Dean as an old-style tax-and-spend liberal. Dean's
record as governor of Vermont, in my view, suggests otherwise.

For more than 11 years in the statehouse, Dean balanced the state budget, even
as he guaranteed health coverage for all of the state's children.

Dean promises to repeal President Bush's irresponsible $ 2 trillion tax cuts,
arguing that this money could be better spent on homeland security and health
care. As Dean has stated repeatedly on the campaign trail, "Social justice can
only be achieved through a balanced budget." I agree wholeheartedly, and that's
why I support budget-hawk Howard Dean for president.

Thurston Domina

New York Ice cream scoop

Thank you for the article about ice cream being unhealthy ("Cold hard facts: Ice
cream's fat, calories melt away good humor," Life, July 24).

The story mentions that ice cream shops offer healthier alternatives to ice
cream, including sorbet and frozen yogurt. Unfortunately, no major ice cream
outlets that I know of sell soy ice cream. Soy ice cream is lower in fat and
devoid of the cholesterol, hormones and antibiotics in most dairy products. It
also tastes like regular ice cream.

Nora Kramer

San Francisco

LOAD-DATE: August 05, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              183 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           September 3, 2005 Saturday
                              Late Edition - Final

From State Dept., Advice For Muslim Convention

BYLINE: By LAURIE GOODSTEIN

SECTION: Section A; Column 5; National Desk; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 846 words

DATELINE: ROSEMONT, Ill., Sept. 2


American Muslims met with Under Secretary of State Karen P. Hughes on Friday at
an Islamic convention here to offer advice and assistance as she began an
initiative to improve the flagging image of the United States among Muslims
overseas.

Ms. Hughes began overseeing ''public diplomacy'' for the Bush administration
last month. She said she and Secretary of State Condoleezza Rice would hold a
public forum and announce a new ''public diplomacy'' strategy next week. She
gave few details, but said the initiative would involve exchange programs,
debates and interfaith dialogues.

''We have a common interest in confronting terror and violence and hate and
crime that is committed in the name of any religion, and we want to isolate and
marginalize those who would seek to kill innocents,'' Ms. Hughes said at a news
conference. ''And frankly, who better to do that than many of our American
Muslims themselves who have friends and family and groups in countries across
our world?''

Polls have shown that the image of the United States among Muslims abroad has
plummeted since the Sept. 11, 2001, terrorist attacks and the start of the Iraq
conflict.

Ms. Hughes met separately with leaders of Muslim organizations, young people and
a delegation from England that was among an estimated 40,000 here for the annual
convention of the Islamic Society of North America. The society is an umbrella
group of mosques and Islamic centers in the United States and Canada.

''It's all talk right now and unclear what the concrete steps are,'' Rubina
Khan, treasurer of the Muslim Students Association, said. ''But if we can form a
relationship with anybody in the administration who has that power, then
obviously we should try.''

Some Muslim leaders who met Ms. Hughes said they were gratified to be consulted
and impressed with her willingness to listen. A few said she seemed unaware of
how fearful many American Muslims had become of government surveillance and
intrusions on their civil liberties.

Ms. Hughes said at the news conference that when some Muslim students told her
that they were afraid to speak on cellphones to family members overseas, ''that
broke my heart.''

Several Muslims said Ms. Hughes should denounce hate speech against Islam from
non-Muslim Americans in the American news media because those comments are
amplified overseas as representative of America.

''I think that would probably be the most effective thing she could be doing, is
confronting the bias, prejudice and racist views of Islam that are perpetrated
in the U.S.,'' said Ibrahim Abdul-Matin, an organizational consultant from
Oakland, Calif.

American Muslim leaders are also trying to repair the flagging image of Islam.
There is a growing sense of urgency among Muslim leaders since the bombings in
London in July that they have to do more to counter Muslim extremists who are
citing Islam to justify violence and terrorism.

A committee of Islamic Society scholars released a pamphlet on Friday arguing
that Islam does not condone terrorism, violence against people of other faiths
and religious extremism. It cites passages from the Koran and is intended for
Muslims and non-Muslims. The pamphlet says that suicide attacks are always
forbidden, and that ''jihad is not to be equated with terrorism.''

''This initiative is not being undertaken because of political correctness,''
said Kareem Irfan, a board member of the Islamic Society who helped write the
statement. ''This was done because of a passionate belief that the true message
of Islam needs to be conveyed. It needs to be wrenched away from those whose
acts have tainted Islam unfairly, unnecessarily.''

Imam Warith-Deen Umar, an African-American from New York, said at the news
conference he would not endorse the pamphlet.

''A lot of this is phony,'' Imam Warith-Deen said in an interview afterward.
''Their intentions are good, but most of these are immigrant Muslims who want to
be accepted in America.''

The imam was banned a few years ago from working as a New York State prison
chaplain after he reportedly expressed admiration for the Sept. 11 hijackers and
espoused a radical brand of Islam, but he said he was misquoted.

Declarations against extremism and terrorism have been issued by Muslim scholars
in Australia, Canada and England. King Abdullah II of Jordan held a meeting of
Muslim scholars in July that produced an anti-extremism statement.

The king sent a message to the convention here that said, ''No matter what
insults or offenses Muslims may have suffered, nothing justifies taking innocent
lives, no matter what religion or nationality they may be.''

In Santa Ana, Calif., on Wednesday, four men in their 20's were indicted in what
federal authorities described as a terrorist plot hatched in prison to attack
American military installations, synagogues and Israeli officials. Three
suspects are American-born converts to Islam. The fourth is a permanent resident
from Pakistan. Prosecutors said they seemed to be operating independently of Al
Qaeda or any organized terrorist group.


URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Under Secretary of State Karen P. Hughes spoke in Rosemont, Ill.
(Photo by Brian Kersey/Associated Press)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2005 The New York Times Company


                              184 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              May 22, 2005 Sunday

Gallagher's metamorphosis

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 2P

LENGTH: 425 words


Tom Gallagher backed a tax increase to build prisons, supported abortion rights
and opposed tuition vouchers the last time he ran for the Republican nomination
for governor. Apparently a lot has changed since 1994. Gallagher kicked off his
campaign for the 2006 GOP nomination this week by declaring he favors more tax
cuts, opposes abortion rights and supports expanding vouchers. Politicians often
evolve over time, but this is a metamorphosis.

Gallagher's makeover says a lot about the transformation of the Florida
Republican Party over the last decade. Led by Gov. Jeb Bush, conservatives now
dominate the party and marginalize moderates. Social issues that were own the
list of priorities have become litmus tests, which is why Gallagher spoke at a
Terri Schiavo rally and has embraced an unneeded constitutional amendment to ban
gay marriage.

But the signals Gallagher sent in his announcement speech in Tallahassee also
say something about him. He has not shied away from disagreeing with Bush as the
state's chief financial officer or as insurance commissioner. He has battled
insurance companies seeking unjustified rate increases. Yet Gallagher has
calculated he has to reinvent himself and shed his moderate, independent image
to pander to conservative voters in the Republican primary. While some of his
position reversals may be based on a genuine reassessment and his experiences as
a husband and father in recent years, he risks appearing disingenuous and too
willing to say anything to win.

Candidates traditionally appeal to the most loyal, fervent members of their
political parties in the primary elections before shifting toward the middle for
the general election. The Republican primary for governor, which is shaping up
as a two-man race between Gallagher and Attorney General Charlie Crist, likely
will be spent fighting about who is the most conservative and who is the
legitimate heir to Bush's political throne. That will not serve them well in the
long run. Neither is particularly close to Bush, and both have substantial
records as legislators and Cabinet members that stand on their own.

Now 61, Gallagher may be taking his last shot at the Governor's Mansion. He lost
in the Republican primary in 1986 and 1994, and he will need support from
conservative voters next year. But he has a broader record than his first speech
reflects, including creating subsidized health insurance for children and
supporting environmental causes. The Tom Gallagher on the Capitol steps last
week was barely recognizable.

LOAD-DATE: May 22, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: EDITORIALS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Tom Gallagher announces his candidacy for governor in
Tallahassee

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              185 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Silver City Sun-News (New Mexico)

                           October 24, 2007 Wednesday

Christian conservatives make waves with GOP

BYLINE: Sun News Report

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 527 words


This editorial appeared in Wednesday's Los Angeles Times:

Some Christian conservatives are so disenchanted by the 2008 Republican field
for president that they are mulling whether to desert the GOP and form a third
party. We're tempted to say "go ahead." But if religious conservatives don't
want to marginalize themselves, they will instead take former New York Mayor
Rudolph W. Giuliani's advice and resist subjecting candidates to a litmus test
on abortion or any other single issue.

Giuliani and his fellow Republican candidates spoke over the weekend to more
than 2,000 "values voters" assembled in Washington by the Family Research
Council and other conservative groups. They were literally preaching to the
converted, and they did more than assent to the proposition that religion has a
role in the public square. Former Sen. Fred Thompson of Tennessee promised that
his first act as president would be to "go into the Oval Office and close the
door and pray for the wisdom to know what was right." The thrice-married
Giuliani felt compelled to admit to the group that "I find myself too often
failing to reach the ideals of my religious and moral beliefs." Sen. John McCain
of Arizona, who recently expressed his preference that the president be a
Christian, said he was sustained during his captivity in North Vietnam by "faith
in my comrades, faith in my country and faith in my God."

These confession s reflect the clout of Christian conservatives. Yet some in the
movement are willing to sacrifice that influence on the altar of absolutism.

Giuliani may be leading the Republican field in national polls; he may be the
most formidable general-election opponent for his fellow New Yorker, Sen.
Hillary Rodham Clinton; he may even be responsive to the religious right in the
one way that presidents can help the antiabortion cause Ð by appointing Supreme
Court justices likely to reconsider or limit the reach of Roe vs. Wade. But the
fact that he supports legal abortion makes him anathema. Giuliani finished next
to last in a straw poll done in connection with the values voters meeting,
winning less than 2 percent in a nine-candidate field, with former Massachusetts
Gov. Mitt Romney, a born-again opponent of abortion, placing first with 27.62
percent of the vote.

Tony Perkins, president of the Family Research Council, told the Los Angeles
Times that he couldn't vote for Giuliani if he were nominated by the
Republicans. According to James C. Dobson of Focus on the Family, another
sponsor of the conference, a recent meeting of "pro-family" leaders in Salt Lake
City came to this conclusion: "If neither of the two major political parties
nominates an individual who pledges himself or herself to the sanctity of human
life, we will join others in voting for a minor-party candidate."

In his speech, Giuliani anticipated such objections, reminding values voters of
an observation by Ronald Reagan: "My 80 percent friend is not my 100 percent
enemy." On the other hand, if that 20 percent discrepancy drives the movement
into the wilderness of third-party politics, thereby diminishing its influence
in Washington, you won't hear any complaints from us.

LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2007 Silver City Sun-News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              186 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                             May 26, 2011 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

SECTION: D; Pg. D3

LENGTH: 821  words


Chaplains: Troops may fear sharing

WASHINGTON -- Leaders of 21 religious groups that send chaplains to the military
want Congress or the Pentagon to guarantee that troops won't be punished if they
openly discuss their religious objections to homosexuality.

In a joint letter to chaplain chiefs of the Navy, Army, and Air Force, the
chaplain endorsers express concern that repeal of "don't ask, don't tell" could
marginalize or silence troops who believe same-sex relationships are immoral.

Military training to apply the new law allowing gays to serve openly began
earlier this year and is expected to be completed by midsummer.

Kansas joins effort to save crosses

TOPEKA, Kan. -- Kansas has joined 19 other states in asking the U.S. Supreme
Court to hear a dispute over crosses along Utah highways honoring state troopers
who died while on duty.

Kansas Attorney General Derek Schmidt says he joined the effort because he wants
to protect the right of free expression on public land.

Fourteen crosses have been erected by the Utah Highway Patrol Troopers
Association, using private funds. Each 12-foot-high cross contains a biography
of the trooper who died and the state patrol's logo.

An atheist group sued over the crosses in 2005 and a federal appeals court ruled
in the group's favor.

New Testament translated

FAIRBANKS, Alaska -- An Alaskan couple has translated the New Testament into
Gwich'in.

Meggie and Pierre DeMers read a passage from a copy of their translation of the
New Testament during Sunday morning services at the St. Matthew's Episcopal
Church in Fairbanks.

Parishioners responded with a standing ovation.

The Fairbanks Daily News-Miner says the DeMers, who are missionaries with
Wycliffe Bible Translators, have worked for 31 years to complete the Gwich'in
translation of the New Testament.

Bill would remove spiritual defense

SALEM, Ore. -- Oregon lawmakers have approved a bill that would remove faith
healing as a legal defense in murder or manslaughter cases.

The legislation was drafted largely in response to the deaths of children among
members of the Followers of Christ Church in Oregon City, who rely on spiritual
treatments instead of medical care.

A couple that belongs to the church stands trial this week on criminal
mistreatment charges for failing to seek medical care for their infant daughter.
Another couple was convicted last year of criminally negligent homicide in the
2008 death of their teenage son.

The Oregon House unanimously approved the bill in March, and the Senate passed
it Monday. The bill now returns to the House for a vote on Senate changes.

Trial begins for N.H. man accused of rape

CONCORD, N.H. -- A New Hampshire prosecutor says the rape case against a man
charged with assaulting and impregnating a 15-year-old from his congregation is
about force, fear and her faith in a church that shamed her and banished her to
Colorado.

The trial of Ernest Willis of Gilford opened on a dramatic note, when the woman
who says he raped her twice in 1997 testified about how "brutal" it was to face
hundreds of churchgoers at Concord's Trinity Baptist Church and apologize for
getting pregnant out of wedlock.

Tina Anderson, now 29, says then-pastor Chuck Phelps arranged for her to move in
with a Baptist family in Colorado and place her infant daughter up for adoption.

Willis, who is 51, pleaded guilty last week to one count of having sex with
Anderson, who was under the legal age of consent at the time. Willis claims the
sex was consensual.

Falun Gong members sue

WASHINGTON -- Members of the Falun Gong spiritual movement are suing Cisco
Systems.

A federal lawsuit filed in California accuses Cisco and its top executives of
supplying the Chinese government with computer networking equipment used to spy
on dissidents and censor the Internet.

The Falun Gong practitioners allege that Cisco aided and abetted human rights
violations by helping the Chinese government build the "Great Firewall of
China."

In a statement, Cisco disputes the allegations. The company says, "We sell the
same equipment in China that we sell in other nations worldwide in strict
compliance with U.S. government regulations."

Chinese officials have banned Falun Gong, calling it an evil cult.

Graduations to proceed at church

WOODSTOCK, Ga. -- Cherokee County high schools will hold graduation ceremonies
at the First Baptist Church of Woodstock this weekend despite complaints about
using a religious venue for the events.

The 7,500-seat church charges about $2,000 per graduation for the five county
high schools, and the school system has used it since 2005.

Rob Usher, a member of Cherokee County's school board, says using the church
makes sense because it's big enough to seat the graduates' families and friends
and is cheaper than other facilities.

Americans United for Separation of Church and State expressed concern over the
use of the church. The school board voted in January to go ahead with the
graduations there.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              187 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                            November 8, 2009 Sunday

NUTS ABOUT BOLTS ; CHARGERS WILL KEEP IT TIGHT IN BIG BLUE BATTLE

BYLINE: Richard Witt

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 122

LENGTH: 812 words


TODAY

Chargers (+4 1/2) over GIANTS: What pumped up this spread -  Yankees World
Series winnings? You always have to consider need, though Giants hardly lead
tin-cup brigade here, given brutal NFC wild-card battle. But fat number
marginalizes negative effect of San Diego coach Norv Turner, new Chargers
Wildcat stylings will challenge shell-shocked defense, and since advent of heel
woes, Eli Manning has impressed . . . how?

Chiefs (+6 1/2) over JAGUARS: Multi-week suspension of Chiefs RB Larry Johnson
for Twitter rudeness likely is addition by subtraction. Given widespread
character issues, Jaguars wholly unreliable in this price range, while Matt
Cassel will think he has died and gone to heaven after a good look at
Jacksonville secondary. Sustained effort by visitor gets this done.

Ravens (-3) over BENGALS: No cinch, given brutally-adjusted-for-need number and
clear-cut Cincinnati improvement, though Bengals secondary can be had in big
spots, and Joe Flacco is one to take advantage. Both sides come into this the
right way, and this is most likely Week 9 matchup to land on the number.

Texans (+9) over COLTS: This isn't a gimme game for Peyton Manning, for once,
but even factoring in intensified Colts focus, Texans have advanced to another
level, and (despite loss of TE Owen Daniels) feature the tools to make the
Manning Mob (sans Bob Sanders) work for 17th-straight regular-season victory.

Redskins (+10) over FALCONS: Would like this more on natural grass, but even
with throbbing management "vision thing" issues, expect Redskins defense to keep
visitor within hailing distance of injury-wracked hosts, especially if Clinton
Portis performs well enough to divert heat from Jason Campbell.

BUCCANEERS (+9 1/2) over Packers: If this winless home underdog can't make a
last stand off its bye, it will take a grotesque line adjustment to get us on
them again. Once Bucs get over embarrassment of awful throwback orange unis,
they will have nothing to lose in QB Josh Freeman's first start, and expect
multiple sellout blitzes against sub-par Packers offensive line and aching,
sack-prone Aaron Rodgers.

Cardinals (+3) over BEARS: Former in-city rivalry featuring league's oldest DNA
strands. Forgive Cardinals for last week -  Panthers were pointing to that
matchup for months, after enduring playoff embarrassment. Kurt Warner has been
dynamite getting points for a season and a half, when not operating under
Eastern time, while Jay Cutler minus anything is typically an adventure.

Dolphins (+10 1/2) over PATRIOTS: Even when blessed with subsequent bye, coming
off European trips is no picnic in this league, especially when you have just
thumped the Bucs and are  subject to infectious inflated opinion of team and
self. Dolphins' Wildcat drove Patriots off cliff last September, and if you
think we're impressed with overall state of New England's ground defense (Senior
Seau, et al), you're talking to the wrong guy.

Panthers (+13 1/2) over SAINTS: Market looked to bury Jake Delhomme last week -
and paid for audacity. Cardinals got brutalized by Jonathan Stewart and DeAngelo
Williams, and that  dynamic duo can help visitor es tablish tempo in Superdome.
Panthers have won six straight  at this site, and revitalized Ju lius Peppers
will make pres ence felt.

Lions (+10) at SEAHAWKS:  Seahawks look obvious, espe cially given miserable
Detroit record on Left Coast over the decades,but you could do worse than taking
big number with Lions off back-to-back         stinkers. Ex-Seahawk RB  Maurice
Morris has points to prove, and we're reluctant to step out with Seattle as fat
chalk off ugly loss. Return of Calvin Johnson would aid visitor.

Titans (+4) over 49ERS: Difficult call, because home side's intermediate future
is brighter than guest's, and there's a low ceiling in terms of what Vince Young
can do for Bud Adams and Jeff Fisher. But Young was ultra-effective in underdog
role in previous sustained stint, and don't trust the Mike Singletary/Alex Smith
style mode in favorite's role.

EAGLES (-3) over Cowboys: Cowboys blemishes have turned into beauty marks in
recent weeks, but Linc will be hosting one of the most savage crowds in pro
sports, given identity of this opponent. Jones Boys will be pumped, having been
humiliated here in 2008 finale, but visitor's value is diminished after two home
routs, and Brian Westbrook's return will be welcome. Expect a mistake-filled
contest.

TOMORROW NIGHT

BRONCOS (+3) over Steelers: League's Rodney Dangerfields continue to garner zero
respect from market makers -  though wiseguys love 6-1 home underdog's prospects
off a loss, given injury absence of DE Travis Kirschke and likely sidelining of
SS Ryan Clark (sickle-cell altitude issues). Santonio Holmes is also sickle-cell
affected, and has endured shortness-of-breath issues in Mile High, though he's
expected to play.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: CHIEF THRILLS: Matt Cassel and Kansas City will cover as road underdogs
in Jacksonville, Richard Witt predicts. (Getty Images)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              188 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              March 3, 2017 Friday

HRC Arkansas: Discriminatory Birth Certificate Bill Targets Transgender People

LENGTH: 542  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Department of Human Rights Campaign has issued the following
news release:



 Today, the Human Rights Campaign (HRC), the nation's largest lesbian, gay,
bisexual, transgender, and queer (LGBTQ) civil rights organization, expressed
grave concern over a proposed bill that would prohibit changes to a person's
gender marker on their birth certificate, a move that would disproportionately
affect transgender Arkansans. The bill, H.B. 1894, doubles down on
discrimination, and would make an onerous process even more difficult for
transgender Arkansans seeking to have their identification documents reflect
their gender identity.





 "This bill is a mean-spirited attempt to further marginalize and target
transgender Arkansans by denying them the dignity of having their official
government documents reflect who they are," said Kendra R. Johnson, HRC Arkansas
state director. "Not allowing transgender people to change the gender marker on
their birth certificate opens them up to all types of discrimination --
including in housing, employment and health care. This bill is dangerous,
insidious, and HRC Arkansas opposes it."



 Current state law makes it difficult and expensive for transgender people to
update their birth certificate, requiring them to undergo surgery just to get an
amended document. It is shameful that this law exists, given that medical
professionals recommend individualized courses of gender transition. Even among
those for whom surgery is appropriate, many cannot receive it because their
insurance doesn't cover such care, appropriate providers may not be available,
and medical procedures may not be an option because of a pre-existing condition.




 Nationally, only 11 percent of transgender people have been able to update all
their identification documents and records, including birth certificates, to
reflect their appropriate name and gender.



     Transgender people with incongruent identity documents frequently
experience violence and discrimination;

     The National Transgender Discrimination Survey found that 40 percent of
transgender people with incongruent documents experienced harassment;.

     Additionally, 15 percent reported being asked to leave an establishment,
and 3 percent reported being assaulted;.

     Identity documents are required by employers for payroll purposes, and
incongruent documents can lead to a transgender employee being "outed" at work,
which may result in discrimination;.

     Incongruent documents can also cause unnecessary expense or suspicion by
the government when dealing with a person who has unmatched documents. Bills
such as H.B. 1894 would exacerbate this already troubling issue.



 In 2014, HRC launched Project One America, an initiative geared towards
advancing social, institutional and legal equality in Arkansas, Alabama and
Mississippi. HRC Arkansas continues to work to advance equality for LGBTQ
Arkansans who have no state level protections in housing, workplace, or public
accommodations. Through HRC Arkansas, we are working toward a future of fairness
every day -- changing hearts, minds and laws toward achieving full equality.
 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: March 4, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              189 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                             April 15, 2013 Monday

W.N.B.A. puts on unconventional face

BYLINE: JERÉ LONGMAN

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 1596 words

ABSTRACT

A decade ago, W.N.B.A. officials might have been reluctant to celebrate as a
standard-bearer of the league someone who did not conform to conventional
standards of femininity.

FULL TEXT

Forget for a moment whether Brittney Griner has the skill to play in the N.B.A.
There are more urgent and relevant questions. One is whether she will thrive as
a primary face of the W.N.B.A.'s campaign to rebrand itself in its 17th season,
beginning with its first prime-time draft Monday.

Another question is whether Griner will become as transformative off the court
as she has been on the court.

Even before she plays her first game, her influence has been significant. A
decade ago, W.N.B.A. officials might have been reluctant to celebrate as a
standard-bearer of the league someone who did not conform to conventional
standards of femininity, said Mary Jo Kane, the director of the Tucker Center
for Research on Girls and Women in Sport at the University of Minnesota.

''You cannot ignore her athleticism, and the W.N.B.A. has not tried to isolate
or marginalize Griner,'' Kane said.

''That is a rather remarkable and fundamental shift.''

To be determined, Kane said, is whether Griner and her towering skill and
engaging personality will defy the odds and attract corporate sponsors as part
of widespread public acceptance four decades after passage of the gender-equity
legislation in the United States known as Title IX.

It is rare for female athletes to receive endorsements, especially in team
sports, and particularly among those who do not play up their feminine side, yet
significant shifts are occurring in the appreciation of women, Kane said.

''That's the $64,000 question,'' Kane said. ''Tiger Woods just said, 'Winning
takes care of everything.' We're about to see with Brittney Griner.''

The 6-foot-8, or 2 meter, Griner is expected to be the No. 1 overall draft pick
by the Phoenix Mercury. She has become a focal point of a league that has a new
logo, an extended television deal with ESPN and an orchestrated drive to promote
three highly visible rookies: Griner of Baylor University in Texas, Skylar
Diggins of Notre Dame, in Indiana, and Elena Delle Donne of the University of
Delaware.

Although the W.N.B.A. and Griner's agent declined to discuss specific marketing
campaigns and endorsement possibilities, Lindsay Kagawa Colas, her agent, wrote
in an e-mail: ''It's the age of innovation, of advocacy, and 'authentic' is what
sells. And here comes Brittney, equal parts provocative, brave, playful and
humble, a skater kid in a basketball player's body who is true to herself and
dressed in tomboy clothes. She's radical in the most charming and relevant way
because she embraces what makes her different.''

Griner, 22, sometimes appears shy or reserved at news conferences, but she can
be funny and endearingly goofy when she lets her guard down. She rides a
longboard skateboard, eats bacon at pregame meals for good luck and surely is
among the world's most accomplished shot-blocking kayakers.

''I'm up for the challenge,'' Griner said of being central to the league's
rebranding effort. ''I changed stuff in college basketball, I guess you could
say, so I'm up for it. I never shy from anything. Whatever's thrown at me, I'm
ready for it.''

The W.N.B.A. has far outlived other women's basketball leagues in the United
States. It remains the gold standard internationally. The level of play and
coaching has never been higher. Yet it remains a summer league whose players
spend the rest of the year with professional club teams in places like China,
Russia and Turkey.

Television viewership has dropped considerably since the league's inception in
1997. And, after drawing more than 10,000 spectators a game in two of its first
three seasons, the W.N.B.A. hit an average attendance low last year of 7,457,
which league officials attributed largely to a struggling economy and a shutdown
during the London Olympics.

Laurel Richie, the president of the W.N.B.A., said she thought it was time to
reassess everything about the league.

''I think we're going to look back at 2013, 10 to 20 years from now, and say it
was a really important year in the history of the W.N.B.A.,'' she said.

The league replaced its logo, a design that resembled the N.B.A. emblem of a
player dribbling the ball. Jerry West with a bob, some called it dismissively.
The new W.N.B.A. logo depicts a player driving to the basket and is meant to
reflect the league's ethnic diversity and athleticism.

The campaign to spotlight Griner, Diggins and Delle Donne is a continuation of
ESPN's ''3 to See'' promotion during the recent college season. It suggests a
realization that women's basketball must provide a united front to succeed.

''It seems they're beginning to figure out a triumvirate of relationships needed
for a 24-hour, 12-month season for women's basketball,'' said Helen Wheelock,
who operates the Women's Hoops Blog. ''That means there has to be a conscious
connection between the N.C.A.A., ESPN and the W.N.B.A. It has not been a really
successful partnership. It's been push-pull.''

The league's contract extension with ESPN - worth $12 million a year, or $1
million a team - runs through the 2022 season. The network is satisfied with the
league's following, said John Skipper, ESPN's president, although broadcasts
reached a low of 262,000 viewers a game in 2012.

One W.N.B.A. challenge, Skipper said, is fending off unrealistic expectations.
It took the N.B.A. 15 seasons to average 10,000 fans, officials said. And as
recently as 1981, more than three decades into the league's existence, the
N.B.A. finals were broadcast on tape delay.

Of the W.N.B.A. he said, ''If you drew it up 15 years ago and said, 'Here's
where you'd be,' if you were reasonable, you'd go, 'It's doing fine.'''

For viewership and attendance to grow at a desired level, though, Skipper said
the league must enhance its marketing efforts and, most important, ''They've got
to have some players who people really care about.''

That is why Griner becomes so important. Perhaps no other player has entered the
W.N.B.A. with such visibility. At Baylor, Griner probably had the greatest
impact of any player in the women's game, setting an N.C.A.A. record for blocked
shots, finishing second on the career scoring list and making the highlight
shows with her dunks. In the 2012-13 season, opponents averaged 3,642 more fans
for their home games against Baylor.

The W.N.B.A. and ESPN are hoping that Griner will create similar buzz as a pro.
Beginning Memorial Day, Phoenix is scheduled to appear in 6 of the 14
regular-season games carried by ESPN and ABC. Plans are being explored
leaguewide for innovations like cameras worn by referees, lower camera angles
and increased viewer access to practices and locker rooms.

Since her emergence in high school in Houston, Griner has stimulated widespread
discussion about precepts concerning female athletes: Could women, as Mark
Cuban, the owner of the Dallas Mavericks, recently suggested, play in the
N.B.A.? Could women be appreciated as athletes and help redefine beauty? And,
when Griner punched another player as a freshman at Baylor, she even raised
questions about whether women's sports were growing more violent.

''Brittney is an interesting conversation for people to have,'' said Dawn
Trudeau, a co-owner of the Seattle Storm.

Griner turns pro at a time when the W.N.B.A., with 6 of 12 teams independently
owned, is distancing itself somewhat from the N.B.A. and comparisons to men's
basketball. The league appears increasingly comfortable with its diverse fan
base, described by Richie, the league president, as followers who ''have a love
of basketball and very progressive views on gender roles in society.''

It seems likely that in the W.N.B.A., Griner will largely avoid the taunting and
homophobic slurs she faced in college, sometimes mercilessly, about her somewhat
androgynous appearance and deep voice. She plans to use her platform as a pro to
advocate against bullying.

Although some people will remain negative toward female athletes, Trudeau said,
''People who watch the sport and watch Brittney are excited for what she can do;
I don't think they are put off by how she looks or anything like that.''

In pure basketball terms, the pro game will require some adjustment for Griner.
The teams are relatively evenly matched, and victory or defeat can rest on a
possession or two; Baylor frequently prevailed in blowouts. Play is also much
more physical in the W.N.B.A.; although Griner has developed a poised demeanor
since the punching episode, jostling seemed to bother her in Baylor's recent
N.C.A.A. tournament loss to the University of Louisville, in Kentucky.

''Her coach went off, saying it was too physical for her,'' said Bill Laimbeer,
the coach and general manager of the Liberty. ''But that's an everyday
occurrence in the W.N.B.A.''

This season, Griner and other centers should have more space to maneuver. The
3-point line will be extended to 22 feet 1 inches from 20-6. And a technical
foul will be assessed if a defender spends more than three seconds in the lane
without actively guarding an offensive player.

''No more two and three people and the whole team sitting around Brittney,''
Griner said with a laugh.

What happens off the court will also be telling, said Kane, the Minnesota
professor. Will Griner receive any endorsements?

''I will be cautiously optimistic she will break through that barrier in terms
of corporate sponsorship,'' Kane said of Griner. ''But I think the odds are very
long. If it happens, it would be groundbreaking.''

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2013 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              190 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            Buffalo News (New York)

                             August 15, 2005 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Debate about Roberts is too narrowly focused

BYLINE: By Douglas Turner

SECTION: VIEWPOINTS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 594 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Ideological guns were drawn long before President Bush nominated Appellate Judge
John G. Roberts Jr., a Hamburg native, for the Supreme Court.

It's hard to tell whether the attacks on (insert name of any Bush nominee) are
just fund-raising gimmicks by lobbies on the left and the right.

Now that Roberts has been named, sloganeering by each cultural pole flows
unabated. It still deals almost exclusively with the sexual agenda: Abortion and
gender orientation.

As important as these issues are, there are questions that will come to the
court that could marginalize a much wider swath of the population.

These lawsuits will deal with the Supreme Court rulings on how people survive
when they are sick, poor, old, disabled or exploited in the workplace.

Seventy years of federal laws protecting vulnerable Americans have cost
corporations a lot of tax money.

As it happens, big business is planning to spend millions to get Roberts
confirmed.

Just one of these conservative groups, Progress for America, says it will spend
$18 million to get Roberts confirmed after the Senate hearings that start in
three weeks.

Past backers included AT&T, Goldman Sachs, Intel, U.S. Bancorp and Microsoft --
firms that have no known biases on abortion or homosexuality.

Then what on earth does Progress for America know about Roberts' attitudes on
the Constitution's "interstate commerce clause" that remains hidden in his
Justice Department files that the public should know?

Article I, section 8 empowers Congress to "regulate Commerce . . . among the
several states . . ."

This clause, and support from the Supreme Court since the 1930s, are all that
stand behind federal laws legalizing labor unions, enforcing the minimum wage
and working conditions, Social Security, Unemployment Insurance, Workers'
Compensation, barring age and gender discrimination and violence against women,
and laws on the environment.

Roberts lifted the curtain on his views of the "commerce clause" only once in
his brief service as an appellate judge. In 2003, he sneered at the use of the
clause to justify the Endangered Species Act.

Sen. Charles E. Schumer, D-N.Y., has quizzed Roberts about the commerce clause
in private meetings. I hope he does at the hearings.

Roberts is an enigma. The son of a fast-track executive at Bethlehem Steel
plants in Lackawanna and Burns Harbor, Ind. -- his father was manager at
Johnstown, Pa. -- Roberts went right from Catholic schools into Harvard College
and Law School.

From there, he clerked at the Supreme Court and then worked for a Washington
firm that has a huge corporate practice.

What exposure Roberts had to vulnerable people living outside this cocoon is
anybody's guess.

Some of Roberts' conservative backers think Democrats who question him on how
his rulings would be influenced by his Catholic beliefs might be guilty of
bigotry.

Could questions about his Catholic upbringing shed light on his views on the
commerce clause?

There was a leading Catholic, for example, who wrote vigorously about society 14
years ago. The priest wrote that "private property is not an absolute value." He
said workers had a right to just wages, decent working conditions and could
organize unions.

"It is neither just nor human to grind men down with excessive labour as to
stupefy their minds and wear out their bodies," he wrote.

The cleric affirmed the Catholic Church's "preferential option for the poor,"
and voiced fears about how globalization and untrammeled "consumerism" could
dehumanize society.

The author was Pope John Paul II, in his 1991 encyclical "Centessimus Annus."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Commentary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2005 The Buffalo News


                              191 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                           September 18, 2009 Friday

Burning more wood is for cavemen

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 908 words


By CHRIS MATERA

The glowing and superficial review of burning forests for energy (a.k.a.,
biomass energy) in the July 29 editorial by the Reformer and its flippant
dismissal of western Massachusetts' concerns regarding this dirty power source
does a serious disservice to its readers.

Not only has biomass burning been described with talking points straight from
the biomass industry playbook, but the situation down here in western
Massachusetts was so poorly described as to raise questions as to how much
homework was done before dismissing very informed and concerned citizens as
"NIMBY's."

Such a cheap shot mimics industry tactics meant to marginalize anyone
disagreeing with the developers plans to cash in, and is a punt on finding the
facts so it is disappointing to see the Reformer stoop to this level. The
citizens working on this are volunteering their weekends, evenings and lunch
hours to defend the New England environment, including Brattleboro, Vt., from
increased pollution, CO2 emissions and deforestation.

Here are some facts which align with common sense beyond the slick marketing
claims of the "biomess" industry.* Contrary to industry claims, biomass energy
does not reduce CO2 emissions, it increases them. Biomass energy produces 50
percent more CO2 per megawatt hour of energy than coal. That is not a typo, and
is based on numbers from the developers own reports.

Since burning wood is so inefficient, burning living trees (locked up carbon),
is actually worse than coal. Biomass burning releases about 3,300 pounds of CO2
per megawatt hour, while coal releases 2,100 pounds and gas about 1,400 pounds.
Of course, industry waves a magic wand and says burning trees is carbon neutral
because the trees grow back. That is nonsense. It takes a minute to burn a tree
and at least 50 years to grow back (not to mention all the ecosystem
impacts).That this myth has lived so long is a testament to the power of
marketing, lobbying and a gullible (or worse) press.

Not only is burning trees worse than coal for CO2 emissions, but it produces
more nitrous oxide, VOC's and particulates than coal, again by the proponents'
own numbers.

Additionally, since when did burning trees become "green"? For all of my 44
years, we have learned that we need to plant trees for air and water quality,
and recycle paper to save trees, and now all of a sudden let's pump massive
"clean" energy public subsidies into burning forests for energy and let's call
it "green".

This is truly Alice in Wonderland stuff. Fortunately, here in Massachusetts the
Sierra Club has figured it out and calls biomass the "new coal".

While all biomass burning of green trees is a bad idea, the scale of the plants
is important. The Middlebury College plant, for example, would burn about 21,000
tons of wood chips per year and this amount of wood could be provided by truly
"waste" wood and is not such a big deal from a forest impact perspective, but
the McNeil plant in Burlington, Vt., only runs part-time and burns about 250,000
tons of wood annually.

The owners admit that clearcuts up to 25 acres (25 football fields) occur to
provide wood to fuel this plant. Additionally, McNeil has had lawsuits against
it by neighbors for pollution and sometimes has substituted gas to lower
emissions since it has regularly exceeded emissions allowances.

Now for perspective on what is happening in Massachusetts and is likely coming
your way in Vermont. Massachusetts' current proposals are to build 190 megawatts
of biomass energy that would require burning 2.5 million tons of wood each year.
This is massive considering that the average total timber harvest in
Massachusetts is about 500,000 tons. At this rate, all western and central
Massachusetts forests could be logged in 16 years. If rare species habitat and
state and privately protected areas are taken out, the entire area could be
logged in nine years. (See www.maforests.org/Impacts.htm).

Public lands are target to provide 532,000 green tons of wood annually, a 1,082
percent increase over historical logging levels. Burning all this forest would
only increase Massachusetts power generating capacity by just 1 percent, yet
increase power plant CO2 emissions by 10 percent. Conservation measures, which
cost one-third of what it costs to make new energy, could reduce our energy use
by 30 percent. Just supplying the trees to these plants would require about 650
logging truck trips per day or 200,000 trips per year, at about 5 miles per
gallon for trips up to 100 miles, mostly on narrow rural roads. For citations on
all these matters, and photos of heavy clear cutting of Massachusetts forests,
see www.maforests.org/Biomess.pdf.

At this time of ecological and economic crisis, there can be no reasonable
argument for forcing taxpayers to subsidize new polluting, CO2 emitting, forest
devastating carbon based fuels for minimal amounts of power. These policies will
worsen air pollution, increase greenhouse gas emissions, deplete forests and
drain our public coffers, the exact opposite of what we need to be doing right
now. Taxpayer subsidies and other incentives should be redirected toward truly
green technologies to produce clean, non-carbon emitting energy, and local jobs.

Chris Matera is the founder of Massachusetts Forest Watch, a Northampton,
Mass.-citizen watchdog group formed to defend Massachusetts state forests
against commercial exploitation and to promote genuinely "green" energy
solutions.

LOAD-DATE: September 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2009 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              192 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                             May 27, 2009 Wednesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Bob Ford: Eagles' Hobbs a mirror image of Brown

BYLINE: By Bob Ford; Inquirer Columnist

SECTION: SPORTS; Inq Sports; Pg. D01

LENGTH: 900 words


When Sheldon Brown told the Eagles he would like to see a trade at the
cornerback position, this isn't exactly what he had in mind.

Brown wasn't asking the Birds to get another cornerback to take his job and
further marginalize the dissatisfied veteran. He was looking for his own ticket
out of town.

That's not how it worked, however, and even though it's a strange situation, the
Eagles have replaced - but not removed - a player who asked to leave the team,
and brought in a player who was equally unhappy with his own situation somewhere
else.

Sheldon Brown and Ellis Hobbs are professional mirror images, except for Brown
being four years older. Each is looking for the right place to play football.
Brown is sure that place isn't Philadelphia. Hobbs hopes that it is.

This strangeness might not last until the regular season. Brown could be traded
or released before then. But he and Hobbs could also compete for a cornerback
position, winner gets a better contract.

That's too far off to consider now, particularly for Hobbs, who had an eventful
month that spun his head around quite a bit. He was traded away from the
Patriots, the only professional organization he had ever known. He fulfilled a
long-standing promise to his mother when the whole family went back to Iowa
State to watch Ellis accept his college degree, which he finished off while
playing for the Patriots. He turned 26 years old. He changed cities, changed
teams, and threw himself into the intricate work of learning a Jim Johnson
defensive system.

"There were a whole lot of things going on," Hobbs said yesterday. "Getting
traded . . . it's a business and you understand that. But it's also emotional
because you felt that you gave your all for the organization. My only issue
there was I felt that sometimes they didn't have my back. But one man's trash is
another's treasure. I'm not the first guy to get traded. Guys go on and have
successful careers, and that's what I plan on doing."

Hobbs had fallen out of favor in New England, even though he started every game
for the last two seasons. The Patriots drafted a cornerback in the second round,
signed two free-agent corners and also have a pair of previous draft picks at
the position. With Hobbs entering the final season of his contract, and the Pats
not wishing to either extend it or employ an unhappy guy with no security, they
chose to trade him instead for the price of two fifth-rounders.

The Patriots have struggled to replace longtime cornerback Ty Law in recent
seasons, and then last season had to replace Asante Samuel as well. Hobbs filled
the role and he thought he had a home. And then the phone rang on the second day
of the draft.

"It was bittersweet," Hobbs said. "There are a lot of guys on that team that I
came in with and were very close to. I tried to get around and say goodbye to
everyone."

He had an inkling the trade might be coming when the previous day the Patriots
drafted Darius Butler in the second round, following up on the signings of Shawn
Springs and Leigh Bodden.

"I know that's just how they do it," Hobbs said. "That was me a couple of years
ago. I came in to replace somebody and the guys I replaced aren't doing that bad
right now. That's just the M.O., how things are done. Regardless of my feelings,
or how they feel, you've just got to move on."

It might be ironic that Hobbs moves on to an organization where the outbound
players say exactly the same things about the Eagles' way of doing business that
he is saying about the Patriots' way. If you take the benefits that come with
playing for a winning organization, you have to take the other side - the
understanding that good organizations are run like good businesses and not
charity homes.

Of course, the Patriots have more hardware to show for their efforts, but the
comparison still applies.

New England fans liked Hobbs as a kickoff returner - he had the second-highest
return average in the NFL last season - but never warmed to him as a cornerback.
They didn't like his on-field celebrations after routine tackles and they never
forgave him for being two area codes from Plaxico Burress when the Giants scored
the winning touchdown in the Super Bowl two seasons ago.

Hobbs gets a second chance here, even if he didn't want to let go of the first
chance yet. And, meanwhile, Sheldon Brown waits to be given a second chance
somewhere else. They are nearly identical twins in a football sense, playing a
demanding, high-wire position, trying to defend yourself against every bad thing
that can happen on the field and in the front office. No one gets away clean
forever, though.

"Life is a gift, but nothing in this world is given to you," said Hobbs, who has
the words, "The Daily Struggle," tattooed prominently on his left arm. "My life
is a metaphor for that. You get up one day and you are here, and the next day
you are there. [The Eagles] believe I have the potential to be good in this
organization, but I still have to go out and do it. That's how you get a
contract. It's an audition, not just for the coaches but for the other players,
so they can look at you and say they got the right man for the job."

And so the cornerback struggle continues for both Ellis Hobbs and Sheldon Brown.
It is a different struggle for each, but, then again, not really.

Contact columnist Bob Ford at 215-854-5842 or bford@phillynews.com. Read his
blog at http://philly.com/postpatterns.


LOAD-DATE: May 27, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Feed Loader

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2009 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              193 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                          November 13, 2013 Wednesday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

Owner rant should be music to fans' ears

BYLINE: BY FRANK ISOLA

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 67

LENGTH: 690 words


The word from several Knicks is that Monday's practice was the most intense and
spirited session of the season. Now, I'm not saying that is guaranteed to
translate into a win against the Atlanta Hawks on Wednesday, but we can at least
agree there is a method to James Dolan's madness.

Dolan will go down as the first owner in the history of major professional
sports to get on stage and with a guitar in one hand put his team on notice. You
have to admire a musician who, instead of taking requests, gives them. The
signature moment of the Knicks' season took place on Sunday night in a midtown
Manhattan club when Dolan told an audience of friends, models, media and minions
that his Knicks will win "the next game. That's a guarantee."

Lord knows if Dolan's blues band, JD and the Straight Shot, ever record a hit
record but the group's lead singer is solid gold, that's for sure.

If not for his inexplicable decision to marginalize the Knicks City Dancers,
Dolan would be the early favorite for team MVP.

All summer long, the tired debate was about which team is better, the Knicks or
Nets. Now it's a question of which one has been more disappointing. The Brooklyn
Nets got the Sports Illustrated cover, and we've yet to hear a peep from their
Russian owner, Mikhail Prokhorov.

At least when the Knicks stink, Dolan lashes out at everyone and everything. The
fans should be somewhat encouraged that Dolan, like them, is upset over the
Knicks' 2-4 start. Both have something very organic in common. Dolan pays
ridiculous amounts of money to his players, and the fans fund Dolan's payroll by
paying ridiculous amounts of money for tickets.

When the Knicks were being embarrassed by the San Antonio Spurs, the fans booed
and eventually exited early in the fourth quarter. Dolan sat through the entire
disaster and voiced his displeasure, first from inside the office of the head
coach, and later on stage at The Cutting Room.

You don't think Mets fans would appreciate seeing their owners show a little
fire?

The Knicks have already had three dreadful home losses this season: Minnesota,
Charlotte and San Antonio, and after two of them, Dolan went on the warpath. If
the Knicks were to lose at home on Thursday to Dolan nemesis Jeremy Lin and the
Houston Rockets, Woodson may want to run and hide.

You do realize that there was a time when Garden employees went to great lengths
to refute the notion that Dolan was heavily involved in the day-to-day
operations of the club. It was a media creation they claimed. Sure it was.

That charade ended around the time Dolan hijacked the Carmelo Anthony
negotiations from Donnie Walsh to re-hire Isiah Thomas as a consultant, only to
have the NBA step in to annul the appointment 24 hours later.

For the last time this is how it works at the Garden: Dolan writes the checks,
hires the coaches, fires the coaches, signs players, signs relatives, banishes
players and their relatives and even places minutes restrictions on Amar'e,
Kenyon, Ana, Criscia, Amanda Jo and Chelsea.

(The latter four are Knicks City Dancers. As for the two males, like Woodson, we
have yet to figure out exactly what they can and can't do.)

There were two interesting moments at practice on Tuesday that can all be traced
back to Dolan. Woodson was asked again about Dolan's guarantee and, knowing he
was in a no-win situation, gave a relatively good answer that included "every
game I go out to coach I want guys thinking win."

As soon as Woodson answered, a media relations employee abruptly ended the
interview.

Moments later, Kenyon Martin's surly answer to not playing against San Antonio
due to a minutes restriction was also abruptly ended.

"I wanna play," Martin said. "I'm a competitor."

Just a hunch: the first poor soul who comes down the lane is going to regret
invading Martin's turf. The Knicks could have used that mentality on Sunday
against the Spurs. Instead, all the fire and passion is being generated by their
owner who is disgusted by what he's seeing.

And rightfully so. The Knicks look lost, and some of the players appear to be a
tad out of shape. Someone needed to call them out.

Dolan just prefers to do it with song.

LOAD-DATE: November 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: While Amar'e Stoudemire and Knicks may be floored by rough start, it
certainly doesn't sit well with Garden chairman Jim Dolan (l.), who has
guaranteed a victory tonight in Atlanta. EPA

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2013 Daily News, L.P.


                              194 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                            July 16, 2014 Wednesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Both sides lose sympathy in latest Mideast violence

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 501 words


FACEBOOK

To try to end the violence between Israel and Hamas, Egypt has proposed a
cease-fire.

Did people ever stop to think that maybe if Hamas did not hide its rocket
launchers among the civilian population, the civilian casualties would be less?
Some people believe that Israel should just allow the terrorist organization
Hamas to rain rockets down on Israel with no retaliation.

John Haugen

Israel's goal is to continue to enslave and marginalize the Palestinian people
in the West Bank and Gaza.

Please support the innocent Gazan people who are the victims of collective
punishment by Israel.

John Azevedo

Israeli leaders are cowards, bombing people who do not have the military might
their country has.

Rockets, which have killed very few in this most recent flare-up, prompt
airstrikes from advanced military weapons.

Tillman Thomas

Hamas leaders want Israel to do this; they aren't stupid. They are willing to
blow themselves up, remember?

What better way to sway international opinion than to show video footage of
Israeli missiles bombing children?

Benjamin Netanyahu is really putting the state of Israel in jeopardy with these
actions.

Shawn Crisp

When will Hamas learn not to tease the 800-pound gorilla?

There is no way Hamas gets sympathy from a world that abhors terrorists who
daily launch rockets at civilian targets and then whine when Israel strikes
back.

Dick Goodrick

Here is a different slant to consider: The worst thing happening to the
Palestinians is Hamas. Why? Because the group gives the Israeli government a
ready argument about why negotiating with the Palestinian Authority is
pointless. Anytime it looks as if there might be some sort of agreement or
peace, Hamas pulls something self-destructive.

As long as Hamas exists and refuses to acknowledge Israel's right to exist,
there will be no peace.

Bob Hoffman

LETTERS

Israel appears to be doing what it likes to do best: shooting fish in a barrel.
After deciding that Hamas might be behind the kidnapping deaths of three Israeli
teens,  it cracked down.  This was calculated to try to goad Hamas into its
usual reaction, lobbing rockets into Israel. This would allow a resumption of
Israel using  its overwhelming military to supply the Israeli public with a
sufficient number of Palestinian corpses.

The main goal is to keep everyone from having to sit down and discuss what
Israel is really after: The continued colonization of the West Bank and East
Jerusalem.

Mike Caggiano

San Mateo, Calif.

It is heartbreaking to contemplate the terror and fatalities among innocent
civilians in Gaza.

But the terrorist Hamas organization has hidden some of its rockets amid
civilians.  Collateral damage  cannot be avoided, even with the superior
intelligence capability of Israel's military.

As we have seen in many parts of the Middle East,  no political issues are more
intransigent than those based on deep religious divides.  Prospects for a
permanent end to hostilities in Israel and Palestine rest more on hope than
experience.

Ken Derow

Swarthmore, Pa.

LOAD-DATE: July 16, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2014 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              195 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 19, 2013 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Bid to Limit Each Candidate to One Ballot Line Is Stirring Debate

BYLINE: By JESSE McKINLEY

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 27

LENGTH: 856 words


ALBANY -- Among the thicket of proposals being floated to combat Albany's
chronic corruption problem, there is one that seems fairly straightforward: to
repeal the Wilson-Pakula Act of 1947, which gives the leaders of political
parties the power to anoint nonparty members who want to run on their ballot
lines.

It is a practice that dovetails with New York State's unique and antique
''fusion voting'' system, a vestige of 19th-century elections which has been
banned by many other states, which allows candidates to run -- and collect votes
-- on multiple party lines. Over the years, it has been used by some of the
state's smallest political parties to endorse major-party candidates in exchange
for consideration of their political goals. Or, as critics allege, sometimes
just for money.

But several small parties argue that the proposed changes could marginalize
their groups -- and their political views, a position held by Mike Long, the
chairman of the state's Conservative Party.

''Wilson-Pakula didn't commit the crime, and the fusion system didn't promote
the crime,'' Mr. Long said. ''You can put us out of business and do away with
fusion voting and you're still going to have to deal with individuals who want
to game the system.''

The reason for some legislators' sudden distaste for Wilson-Pakula is simple:
the law was at the center of recent allegations against Senator Malcolm A.
Smith, a Queens Democrat accused of trying to bribe his way onto the Republican
ballot for the New York City mayor's race. Since then, the law has been
criticized by Gov. Andrew M. Cuomo, who said on Tuesday that it encourages
''corruption and the appearance of corruption,'' tempting some to sell their
nominations to the highest bidder.

''You're forcing people to go to the party bosses,'' Mr. Cuomo said.

Instead of needing the permission of those leaders, Mr. Cuomo said his plan
would require candidates to gather signatures to make their way onto their
ballot.

But critics of Mr. Cuomo's plan say it could open any party's nominating process
up to deep-pocketed interlopers who could pay petitioners to gather signatures
and basically buy their way onto ballots, without holding true to the party
principles.

''Parties are supposed to select own standard-bearers from people who share
their values,'' said Daniel Cantor, the executive director of the liberal
Working Families Party. ''Under this system, primary voters would have no idea
if people listed on the ballot had any allegiance to party's values.''

Such an unapproved candidacy could ''threaten the integrity of any party,'' he
said. And if a party has a bad year, there are consequences: they need to draw
50,000 votes in an election for governor to have an automatic line on the ballot
for the next four years.

Fusion voting, also called cross-endorsements, was common during the 19th
century, when parties would often team up to defeat formidable candidates.

''Historically it was useful,'' said Jim Twombly, an associate professor of
political science at Elmira College. ''But the reality is that fusion voting as
its used in New York is for the trading of political favors.''

Dozens of states forbid the practice; this year, Connecticut has considered a
bill that would have ended cross-endorsements there.

Lawrence Norden, a deputy director of the democracy program at the Brennan
Center for Justice at New York University, said he believed that
cross-endorsements were still valuable as a way for third-party voters to feel
as though their vote counts, as well as a way for candidates to show their
support for certain specific issues.

''It's a signifier to the voter as to where that candidate stands,'' he said,
adding that ''it gives voters more choice and more ability to clarify what the
candidate's message is.''

In Albany, the powerful Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, opposes changing
fusion voting.

''I don't think we should preclude people from running on more than one line,''
Mr. Silver said on Tuesday, adding, ''There has to be a mechanism for us, for
people to gain dual endorsements or more.''

The debate is also complicated by the fact that many major-party candidates have
openly accepted third-party endorsements, including Mr. Cuomo -- who ran on the
Working Families line in 2010 -- and Mayor Michael R. Bloomberg, who appeared on
the Republican and Independence Party lines in all three of his campaigns and
gave money to the Independence Party.

Jacqueline Salit, a strategist for the Independence Party, said that she was
proud of the party's ''fusion relationships'' with Mr. Bloomberg, saying that it
had offered independent-minded voters a chance to ''say something about their
political vision,'' including their affection for ''nonpartisan governance.''

She also dismissed the argument made by some that such cross-endorsements -- and
the votes they bring -- give small-party leaders an outsize influence. ''I think
it's a tool for bringing new ideas and new approaches into the mainstream,'' Ms.
Salit said, adding that ''the argument that it's undemocratic that the small
parties can leverage beyond their size in this context, I think that's
laughable.''

URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2013/04/19/nyregion/one-candidate-2-or-3-ballot-lines-bid
-to-alter-practice-stirs-debate.html

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Susan Weber, a volunteer for Moveon.org, at a news conference
held by the Assembly speaker, Sheldon Silver, on Tuesday.
 Senator Malcolm A. Smith of Queens has been accused of trying  to bribe his way
into the New York City mayor's race. (PHOTOGRAPHS BY NATHANIEL BROOKS FOR THE
NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 The New York Times Company


                              196 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                              May 25, 2010 Tuesday

The limits of ideology

BYLINE: BY ROSS DOUTHAT

SECTION: EDIT; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 847 words

ABSTRACT

Just days after the Kentucky primary, the great paleoconservative hope
marginalizes himself.

FULL TEXT

No ideology survives the collision with real-world politics perfectly intact.
General principles have to bend to accommodate the complexities of history, and
justice is sometimes better served by compromise than by zealous intellectual
consistency.

This was all that Rand Paul needed to admit, after his victory in Kentucky's
Republican Senate primary, when NPR and Rachel Maddow asked about his views of
the 1964 Civil Rights Act. "As a principled critic of federal power," he could
have said, "I oppose efforts to impose Washington's will on states and private
institutions. As a student of the history of segregation and slavery, however, I
would have made an exception for the Civil Rights Act."

But Paul just couldn't help himself. He had to play Hamlet, to hem and haw about
the distinction between public and private discrimination, to insist on his
sympathy for the civil rights movement while conspicuously avoiding saying that
he would have voted for the bill that outlawed segregation.

By the weekend (and under duress), he finally said it. But the tap-dancing route
he took to get there was offensive, tone deaf and politically crazy.

It was also sadly typical of the political persuasion that Rand Paul represents.

This persuasion shouldn't be confused with the Tea Party movement, whose
inchoate antideficit enthusiasms Paul rode to victory last Tuesday. Nor is it
just libertarianism in general, a label that gets slapped on everyone from Idaho
militia members to Silicon Valley utopians to pro-choice Republicans in
Greenwich, Connecticut.

Paul is a libertarian, certainly, but more importantly he's a particular kind of
a libertarian. He's culturally conservative (opposing both abortion and illegal
immigration), radically noninterventionist (he's against the Iraq war and the
United Nations), and so stringently constitutionalist that he views nearly
everything today's federal government does as a violation of the founding
fathers' vision.

This worldview goes by many names, including "paleoconservatism," "the old
right" and "paleolibertarianism." But its adherents - Paul and his father, Ron,
included - view themselves as America's only true conservatives, arguing that
the modern conservative movement has sold out to both big government and the
military-industrial complex.

Instead of celebrating the usual Republican pantheon, paleoconservatives
identify with the "beautiful losers" of American history, to borrow a phrase
from the paleocon journalist Sam Francis - the anti-imperialists who opposed the
Spanish-American War, the libertarians who stood athwart the New Deal yelling
"stop," the Midwestern Republicans who objected to the growth of the national
security state after World War II. And they offer an ideological synthesis
that's well outside either political party's mainstream - antiwar and
antiabortion, against the Patriot Act but in favor of a border fence, and
skeptical of the drug war and the welfare state alike.

In an age of lockstep partisanship, there's a lot to admire about this unusual
constellation of ideas, and its sweeping critique of American politics as usual.
There's a reason that both Rand and Ron Paul have inspired so much visceral
enthusiasm, especially among younger voters, while attracting an eclectic
cross-section of supporters - hipsters and N.R.A. members, civil libertarians
and Christian conservatives, and stranger bedfellows still.

The problem is that paleoconservatives are self-marginalizing, and
self-destructive.

Like many groups that find themselves in intellectually uncharted territory,
they have trouble distinguishing between ideas that deserve a wider hearing and
ideas that are crankish or worse. (Hence Ron Paul's obsession with the gold
standard and his son's weakness for conspiracy theories.)

Like many outside-the-box thinkers, they're good at applying their principles
more consistently than your average partisan, but lousy at knowing when to stop.
(Hence the tendency to see civil rights legislation as just another unjustified
expansion of federal power.)

And like many self-conscious iconoclasts, they tend to drift in ever-more
extreme directions, reveling in political incorrectness even as they leave
common sense and common decency behind.

It isn't surprising that two of the most interesting "paleo" writers of the last
few decades, Francis and Joseph Sobran, ended their careers way out on the
racist or anti-Semitic fringe. It isn't a coincidence that the most successful
"paleo" presidential candidate, Pat Buchanan, opposes not only America's
interventions in Iraq, but the West's involvement in World War II as well. It
isn't surprising that Ron Paul kept company in the 1990s with acolytes who
attached his name to bigoted pamphleteering.

And it shouldn't come as a shock that his son found himself publicly undone, in
what should have been his moment of triumph, because he was too proud to
acknowledge the limits of ideology, and to admit that a principle can be pushed
too far.

LOAD-DATE: May 24, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2010 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              197 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                           September 29, 2014 Monday

Wild hopeful Stu Bickel knows NHL about more than fighting

BYLINE: By Chad Graff cgraff@pioneerpress.com

SECTION: SPORTS; Wild Hockey

LENGTH: 606 words


Stu Bickel can't remember his first fight. Or at least he doesn't know which
would technically count as his first fight.

"I really don't know what I'd consider my first fight," Bickel said.

There were the times his older brothers would beat him up on the backyard rink
during winters in Chanhassen. Or the times in youth hockey he'd get kicked out
for starting a fight.

Then there were the times, as a 15-year-old, he'd challenge kids several years
older at junior United States Hockey League camps in the summer. And when he was
first allowed to fight when he arrived in the USHL in 2004.

Fighting has always been a part of Bickel's hockey game, in the back yard or
otherwise, but as the NHL continues to marginalize the traditional enforcer,
pure fighters are slowly becoming irrelevant. To stick, a player has to offer
more.

Bickel, who fought 12 times in 51 games as a rookie with the New York Rangers in
2011-12, recognizes that and spent the past two years working on his hockey
skills.

"In general, teams realize they can't have a guy on the ice that's a liability,
so less teams are dressing a guy and sitting him there all night, then just
giving him the one shift to fight," Bickel said. "You want to be able to use the
guy that's doing that in different situations and have him bring a little more
to the table."

Bickel had two fights in 12:17 of ice time in the Wild's first preseason game,
against the Jets in Winnipeg. But he also has shown that he can play forward or
defense, which gives him a much better chance to make the team.

If he doesn't, Bickel, who is 6 feet 4, 210 pounds, will have to clear waivers
before being sent to the Wild's American Hockey League affiliate in Des Moines,
Iowa.

His rate of 0.13 assists per game (nine in 67 NHL games) is similar to that of
former Wild defenseman Nate Prosser (0.14), who spent most of his time in
Minnesota as a seventh defenseman -- which Bickel might do.

"In today's game, you have to have both; you have to be tough and stand up for
your teammates and do you what you've got to do there," Bickel said. "But then
you've also got to be able to play the game."

There were 0.41 fights per NHL game last season. That number hasn't been lower
since the 1968-69 season, according to dropyourgloves.com , a site that tracks
hockey fights each season.

Even as fighting dips, there's still a place for fighters -- or at least a
physical presence -- on the bench, coach Mike Yeo said. That, he said, can
change the way top-end guys play.

"There's a part of the game that exists that is very real as far as the comfort
level your top players have, and their ability to go out and play their game
when a guy like that is around," Yeo said. "If you want to use the word
protection or whatever it is, there's a different comfort level for them, and
(Bickel's) done a good job (with that)."

Bickel isn't going to be confused with a top-end skill player. But if he can
gain the trust of the coaching staff for his game on the ice, he has a shot at
making the Wild even as fighting becomes less and less a part of the league.

"I think you're seeing now there's kind of a transition where there are
definitely still guys where one of their jobs is to fight, and that's a big part
of their game, but at the same time you're not seeing the super heavyweight guy
that can't play," Bickel said.

"The way I've always looked at it is, I don't think I've hit a plateau in my
game, ever. I'm always looking to get better and always pushing myself. I think
I'm a more complete player than I was two years ago. I think I can continue to
improve and keep pushing myself."

Follow Chad Graff at twitter.com/ChadGraff .

LOAD-DATE: October 1, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Forward Stu Bickel skates during Minnesota Wild training camp at the
Xcel Energy Center in St. Paul on Saturday, September 20, 2014. (Pioneer Press:
John Autey)
Stu Bickel

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              198 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                            Legal Monitor Worldwide

                            February 5, 2016 Friday

National Muslim Group Mad At South Carolina Legislatures

LENGTH: 405  words


A bill in the South Carolina Legislature that would prohibit attorneys and
defendants from citing Sharia law or any international regulation in court is a
step closer to adoption.

After a second reading, the state House passed the provision sponsored by
Charleston Rep. Chip Limehouse by a vote of 68-42.

In the wake of the vote, the Council on American-Islamic Relations called on the
S.C. General Assembly to drop what the group described as the continuation of a
national campaign by state lawmakers " demonize Islam and to marginalize
American Muslims."

In a letter sent to state Senate Majority Leader Harvey Peeler Jr., state Senate
Judiciary Committee Chair Larry Martin, and state Attorney General Alan Wilson
Friday afternoon, William Burgess, senior staff attorney for the council, said
the House bill (H. 3521) clearly violates the Establishment Clause of the U.S.
Constitution.

"This legislation is very similar to the Oklahoma anti-Sharia constitutional
amendment that was struck down as a violation of the Establishment Clause in a
federal court challenge brought by CAIR," Burgess wrote.

"Deciding in favor of CAIR's lawsuit challenging the amendment, U.S. District
Judge Vicki Miles-LaGrange ruled that 'the references to Sharia Law violated the
Establishment Clause.' Should this legislation become law, I expect that it
would meet the same fate," he said, adding, "As with the Oklahoma amendment, H.
3521 would send the unconstitutional message that Islam is an officially
disfavored religion in the State of South Carolina. This would be in clear
violation of the First Amendment's command that government remain neutral in
matters of religion."

South Carolina lawmakers readily concede they can point to not a single example
of someone trying to cite Sharia law, or any international law, in a court
within the state.

Nevertheless, Rep. Limehouse believes there's a real need, as the bill states,
"to prevent a court or other enforcement authority from enforcing foreign law
including, but not limited to, sharia law in this state from a forum outside of
the United States or its territories ..."

During a debate on the bill, the South Carolina lawmaker amplified his intent,
explaining that the law is needed, "so an attorney can't go into state court and
say that the defendant that beat up his daughter for going on a date with a
non-Muslim was within his rights according to Sharia law." 2016 Legal Monitor
Worldwide.

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1258


                     Copyright 2016 Legal Monitor Worldwide
                        Provided by Syndigate Media Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              199 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 12, 2006 Sunday

Same-sex marriage goes to top court;
A liberal-leaning New Jersey Supreme Court could swiftly legalize gay nuptials,
lawyers and scholars say.

BYLINE: Kaitlin Gurney, Inquirer Trenton Bureau

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1263 words


New Jersey could become the second state to legalize gay marriage in a case that
will reach the State Supreme Court this week, focusing debate in the battle that
many advocates call the civil rights struggle of the 21st century.

Half of the states in the country have moved to ban gay nuptials since the
Massachusetts high court's landmark decision in late 2003. But New Jersey has
been among a few states that instead have chosen to extend new rights to
same-sex couples.

Gay-rights advocates are seeking to build upon a limited domestic-partnership
law that the Legislature enacted two years ago by securing full marriage
benefits from a liberal-leaning court that once cited the Boy Scouts for
discrimination.

"New Jersey is a unique state nationally when it comes to this issue," said
David Buckel, marriage project director for the gay civil-rights group Lambda
Legal, who will argue the case Wednesday. "That became very clear with a
governor's race in which candidates on both sides opposed an amendment to the
state constitution that would limit marriage to a man and a woman."

Seven gay and lesbian couples in long-term relationships, some of whom have
raised children together for more than 30 years, sued the state in 2002, long
before gay marriage exploded onto the national political stage. They argued that
a state statute defining marriage as a union of heterosexual couples "
marginalizes an entire class of citizens" - and violates broad equal-rights
protections in the state's constitution.

Despite rejections at the trial and appellate court levels, lawyers and scholars
say the New Jersey Supreme Court could cut ahead of similar suits pending in
Washington, California, New York, Maryland, Connecticut and Iowa by swiftly
legalizing gay marriage.

"New Jersey's court has a long and proud history of interpreting cases in favor
of civil rights, and a victory in this case would be in keeping with that
tradition," said Sally Goldfarb, a family law professor at Rutgers University
Law School in Camden who studies family law issues. "The New Jersey Supreme
Court has not hesitated to overturn state laws, and so these litigants are in a
better position than they would be before most other courts across the country."

New Jersey conservatives are girding themselves for what they foresee could be
another "activist" ruling from a court that in 2000 struck down parental
notification for abortions and in the 1970s decided one of the first
right-to-die cases in favor of the family of brain-damaged Karen Ann Quinlan.

"We're hopeful the court will save us aggravation and leave things the way they
are," said Len Deo, president of the New Jersey Family Policy Council. "But if
they overturn laws here, we'll seek whatever remedy is in our realm, including a
state constitutional amendment."

Deo and other advocates who have joined in the state's case say New Jersey's
high court will be hard-pressed to abandon strong trial and appellate court
rulings.

"The way we see it, the appellate decision really got it right by recognizing
that legally the reason the state is in the marriage business is for the
protection of children," said Chris Stovall of the Marriage Litigation Center at
Arizona's conservative Alliance Defense Fund.

Assistant Attorney General Patrick DeAlmeida's primary argument is that defining
marriage is a task for the Legislature, not the courts - and that New Jersey
lawmakers instead chose to extend an inheritance-tax exemption and
hospital-visitation and decision-making rights through the domestic-partnership
law.

That argument could backfire, said Nathaniel Persily, a professor at the
University of Pennsylvania Law School.

"New Jersey is trying incrementally to bring gay couples into the same regime of
benefits as heterosexual couples," Persily said. "But then the question for the
court becomes, if you're willing to go that far, why don't you go all the way?"

The New Jersey State Bar Association has filed a friend-of-the-court brief in
the case, contending that the domestic-partnership law has created a confusing
legal mess. Its position reflects comments from same-sex couples who have said
they felt betrayed when hospitals refused to recognize their union or when
public employers declined to offer health benefits to partners.

"We're trying to lay out for the court the reasons this law just doesn't work,"
said Peggy Knee, a vice president of the bar association. "It presents
difficulties for couples, difficulties for attorneys who try to plan for them,
and the bottom line is the equality is just not there."

More than 3,700 couples have paid New Jersey's $28 fee and registered as
domestic partners with municipal clerks, but for most of the seven couples suing
the state, the so-called second-class citizenship that the law offers is simply
not good enough.

Diane Marini and Marilyn Maneely of Haddonfield were among the plaintiffs
holding out for marriage. But when Maneely contracted amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis and began quickly losing her ability to walk and speak, the couple of
14 years filled out the state paperwork.

Still, Marini said, when Maneely, 55, died in September, she wasn't able to
fulfill her partner's last request. Maneely wanted to donate her body to a
scientific team that studies the disease also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, but
Marini wasn't allowed to sign the paperwork.

Speaking to a crowd of 300 gay-rights supporters at the Unitarian Church of
Cherry Hill earlier this month, Marini's mother, Rosella, said that blow
"highlighted how cruel the state's laws are."

"I only wish one of the judges could have a member of their own family put in
this disgraceful position. Maybe then, justice would prevail," Rosella Marini
said.

Garden State Equality, the political-action group that organized the Cherry Hill
rally, has held 21 similar meetings around the state that have attracted nearly
8,000 people.

The goal, group founder Steven Goldstein said, has been to educate people in New
Jersey in an effort to avoid the backlash that swept the nation after the
Massachusetts court ruled that the state constitution did not prevent it. That
decision - along with a rash of civil-disobedience marriage ceremonies,
including one in Asbury Park - led 17 states to pass "defense of marriage"
amendments to their constitutions, and at least seven more states are expected
to hold referendums on the subject this year.

"People who believe in traditional marriage feared the Massachusetts decision
would open the floodgates to usher in a great wave of same-sex marriage
legalization," said Stovall, of the Alliance Defense Fund. "That hasn't
happened. The decision just hasn't had any coattails."

But same-sex marriage advocates have plotted a careful course of state-level
lawsuits that they predict will ultimately yield victories in key states. The
big question, they say, is whether New Jersey, California or Washington will be
the next to legalize gay nuptials.

A pair of Washington cases that had been victorious at the trial-court level
were argued before the state's Supreme Court nearly a year ago, and a ruling is
expected any day.

"Any time a disenfranchised group has fought for liberty and equality, we have
seen a patchwork across the country as some states move forward and others lag
behind. This was true with racial equality, women's equality and, in perhaps the
closest parallel, interracial marriage," said Buckel, of Lambda Legal. "Each
time discrimination ends in any state, it becomes obvious that the sky didn't
fall."

Contact staff writer Kaitlin Gurney at 609-989-7373 or kgurney@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              200 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            February 12, 2006 Sunday

Gay-rights case goes to high court;
Same-sex marriage on N.J. stage

BYLINE: Kaitlin Gurney, Inquirer Trenton Bureau

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 1263 words


New Jersey could become the second state to legalize gay marriage in a case that
will reach the State Supreme Court next week, focusing debate in the battle that
many advocates call the civil rights struggle of the 21st century.

Half of the states in the country have moved to ban gay nuptials since the
Massachusetts high court's landmark decision in late 2003. But New Jersey has
been among a few states that instead have chosen to extend new rights to
same-sex couples.

Gay-rights advocates are seeking to build upon a limited domestic-partnership
law that the Legislature enacted two years ago by securing full marriage
benefits from a liberal-leaning court that once cited the Boy Scouts for
discrimination.

"New Jersey is a unique state nationally when it comes to this issue," said
David Buckel, marriage project director for the gay civil-rights group Lambda
Legal, who will argue the case Wednesday. "That became very clear with a
governor's race in which candidates on both sides opposed an amendment to the
state constitution that would limit marriage to a man and a woman."

Seven gay and lesbian couples in long-term relationships, some of whom have
raised children together for more than 30 years, sued the state in 2002, long
before gay marriage exploded onto the national political stage. They argued that
a state statute defining marriage as a union of heterosexual couples "
marginalizes an entire class of citizens" - and violates broad equal-rights
protections in the state's constitution.

Despite rejections at the trial and appellate court levels, lawyers and scholars
say the New Jersey Supreme Court could cut ahead of similar suits pending in
Washington, California, New York, Maryland, Connecticut and Iowa by swiftly
legalizing gay marriage.

"New Jersey's court has a long and proud history of interpreting cases in favor
of civil rights, and a victory in this case would be in keeping with that
tradition," said Sally Goldfarb, a family law professor at Rutgers University
Law School in Camden who studies family law issues. "The New Jersey Supreme
Court has not hesitated to overturn state laws, and so these litigants are in a
better position than they would be before most other courts across the country."

New Jersey conservatives are girding themselves for what they foresee could be
another "activist" ruling from a court that in 2000 struck down parental
notification for abortions and in the 1970s decided one of the first
right-to-die cases in favor of the family of brain-damaged Karen Ann Quinlan.

"We're hopeful the court will save us aggravation and leave things the way they
are," said Len Deo, president of the New Jersey Family Policy Council. "But if
they overturn laws here, we'll seek whatever remedy is in our realm, including a
state constitutional amendment."

Deo and other advocates who have joined in the state's case say New Jersey's
high court will be hard-pressed to abandon strong trial and appellate court
rulings.

"The way we see it, the appellate decision really got it right by recognizing
that legally the reason the state is in the marriage business is for the
protection of children," said Chris Stovall of the Marriage Litigation Center at
Arizona's conservative Alliance Defense Fund.

Assistant Attorney General Patrick DeAlmeida's primary argument is that defining
marriage is a task for the Legislature, not the courts - and that New Jersey
lawmakers instead chose to extend an inheritance-tax exemption and
hospital-visitation and decision-making rights through the domestic-partnership
law.

That argument could backfire, said Nathaniel Persily, a professor at the
University of Pennsylvania Law School.

"New Jersey is trying incrementally to bring gay couples into the same regime of
benefits as heterosexual couples," Persily said. "But then the question for the
court becomes, if you're willing to go that far, why don't you go all the way?"

The New Jersey State Bar Association has filed a friend-of-the-court brief in
the case, contending that the domestic-partnership law has created a confusing
legal mess. Its position reflects comments from same-sex couples who have said
they felt betrayed when hospitals refused to recognize their union or when
public employers declined to offer health benefits to partners.

"We're trying to lay out for the court the reasons this law just doesn't work,"
said Peggy Knee, a vice president of the bar association. "It presents
difficulties for couples, difficulties for attorneys who try to plan for them,
and the bottom line is the equality is just not there."

More than 3,700 couples have paid New Jersey's $28 fee and registered as
domestic partners with municipal clerks, but for most of the seven couples suing
the state, the so-called second-class citizenship that the law offers is simply
not good enough.

Diane Marini and Marilyn Maneely of Haddonfield were among the plaintiffs
holding out for marriage. But when Maneely contracted amyotrophic lateral
sclerosis and began quickly losing her ability to walk and speak, the couple of
14 years filled out the state paperwork.

Still, Marini said, when Maneely, 55, died in September, she wasn't able to
fulfill her partner's last request. Maneely wanted to donate her body to a
scientific team that studies the disease also known as Lou Gehrig's disease, but
Marini wasn't allowed to sign the paperwork.

Speaking to a crowd of 300 gay-rights supporters at the Unitarian Church of
Cherry Hill earlier this month, Marini's mother, Rosella, said that blow
"highlighted how cruel the state's laws are."

"I only wish one of the judges could have a member of their own family put in
this disgraceful position. Maybe then, justice would prevail," Rosella Marini
said.

Garden State Equality, the political-action group that organized the Cherry Hill
rally, has held 21 similar meetings around the state that have attracted nearly
8,000 people.

The goal, group founder Steven Goldstein said, has been to educate people in New
Jersey in an effort to avoid the backlash that swept the nation after the
Massachusetts court ruled that the state constitution did not prevent it. That
decision - along with a rash of civil-disobedience marriage ceremonies,
including one in Asbury Park - led 17 states to pass "defense of marriage"
amendments to their constitutions, and at least seven more states are expected
to hold referendums on the subject this year.

"People who believe in traditional marriage feared the Massachusetts decision
would open the floodgates to usher in a great wave of same-sex marriage
legalization," said Stovall, of the Alliance Defense Fund. "That hasn't
happened. The decision just hasn't had any coattails."

But same-sex marriage advocates have plotted a careful course of state-level
lawsuits that they predict will ultimately yield victories in key states. The
big question, they say, is whether New Jersey, California or Washington will be
the next to legalize gay nuptials.

A pair of Washington cases that had been victorious at the trial-court level
were argued before the state's Supreme Court nearly a year ago, and a ruling is
expected any day.

"Any time a disenfranchised group has fought for liberty and equality, we have
seen a patchwork across the country as some states move forward and others lag
behind. This was true with racial equality, women's equality and, in perhaps the
closest parallel, interracial marriage," said Buckel, of Lambda Legal. "Each
time discrimination ends in any state, it becomes obvious that the sky didn't
fall."

Contact staff writer Kaitlin Gurney at 609-989-7373 or kgurney@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              201 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             June 8, 2006 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

News Summary

SECTION: Section A; Column 3; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 775 words



INTERNATIONAL   A3-14

U.S. Officials Fault C.I.A. On Aid to Somali Warlords
A covert effort by the Central Intelligence Agency to finance Somali warlords
has drawn criticism from American officials who say the campaign has thwarted
counterterrorism efforts inside Somalia and empowered the Islamic groups it was
intended to marginalize.   A1

First 500 Iraqi Detainees Freed


Five hundred prisoners were released at various points across Iraq, a day after
Prime Minister Nuri Kamal al-Maliki announced plans to release 2,500 detainees
in coming days in an attempt to calm tensions between Iraq's main sectarian
groups.   A6

Death Toll Rises in Kabul Riots
Nine days after the worst riots in the Afghan capital in years, officials raised
the death toll to 17, and said that 140 people remained in detention, accused of
involvement in the rioting.   A6

Bolton Rejects U.N. Criticism
John R. Bolton, the American ambassador to the United Nations, called on
Secretary General Kofi Annan to repudiate ''personally and publicly'' critical
remarks his top deputy made about the United States, but Mr. Annan turned aside
the challenge.   A10

Doubts About a Nuclear Iran
Bush administration officials said that the package of incentives offered to
Iran could theoretically allow it some day to enrich uranium for peaceful
purposes, but expressed severe doubts that Iran could satisfy the conditions
that would allow it to do so.   A14

NATIONAL   A16-22

Narrow Victory for G.O.P. Signals Difficulties in Fall
The victory that Republicans squeaked out in a race in San Diego to fill a
Congressional vacancy left them relieved but signaled difficulties as they face
Democratic challenges in much more contested districts this fall.   A1

Telemedicine Rises Rurally
Psychiatry, especially in rural swaths of the nation that also often have deep
social problems like poverty and drug abuse, is emerging as one of the most
promising expressions of telemedicine.   A1

Same-Sex Marriage Ban Fails
As expected, the Senate rejected a proposed constitutional amendment to ban
same-sex marriage, rebuffing both President Bush and the social conservative
movement.   A19

A Rise In Illegal Workers
About a quarter of the construction workers rebuilding New Orleans are illegal
immigrants, who are getting lower pay, less medical care and less safety
equipment than legal workers, according to a study by professors at Tulane
University and the University of California, Berkeley.   A16

SCIENCE/HEALTH

A Call to Halt a Drug Trial
A Food and Drug Administration official called in May for a drug company to halt
clinical trials of an antibiotic in children because the drug could be deadly,
according to internal memoranda sent to other F.D.A. officials.   A16

NEW YORK/REGION   B1-8

Homeless Men Suspected In Brooklyn Warehouse Fire
Two homeless men who had been burning the insulation off copper wires they
intended to sell were accused of sparking the spectacular fire that ripped
through a warehouse complex on the Brooklyn waterfront last month.   A1

Police Link DNA to Murders
The Bridgeport police say new DNA testing has linked a man imprisoned in Georgia
to the murders of four women who were among at least 15 killed during the late
1980's and early 1990's. The police are investigating whether he was involved in
six more murders.   B1

American Linked to Al Qaeda
An American citizen who once lived in New York was indicted on charges of
conspiring to send money and military gear to associates of Al Qaeda to use
against United States forces in Afghanistan, federal prosecutors said.   B3

SPORTSTHURSDAY   D1-7

Pitcher Alleges More Drug Use
Jason Grimsley, a journeyman pitcher with the Arizona Diamondbacks, took only
two hours to disclose what he surely hoped would remain a secret, and what other
major leaguers also wanted to keep private. Two months ago, according to federal
investigators, Grimsley revealed that he had used performance-enhancing
substances for several years and that other players did, too.   D1

BUSINESS DAY   C1-18

Arrest in Internet Scheme
Federal authorities arrested a Miami man who they said made more than $1 million
in a hacking scheme involving the resale of Internet telephone service.   C1

Rejoining Morgan Stanley
Morgan Stanley said that it had secured the return of a senior investment
banker, a small coup for a firm that has worked hard to replenish its pool of
top investment banking talent.   C1

Business Digest   C2

EDITORIAL   A24-25

Editorials: A power vacuum in Iraq; one down, one to go; when drug firms pay off
competitors; sniffing out fake ''prep schools.''

Columns: David Brooks, Bob Herbert.

Bridge   E7
Crossword   E2
Obituaries   A23
TV Listings   E8
Weather   D8

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: June 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Summary

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 The New York Times Company


                              202 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           February 8, 2001 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Forced Airline Mergers Said to Be Possible

BYLINE:  By LAURENCE ZUCKERMAN

SECTION: Section C; Column 3; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 568 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Feb. 7


The chief executives of two major airlines left out of the industry's recent
takeovers told lawmakers here today that they, too, would be forced to merge
with rivals if regulators approved deals proposed by United Airlines and
American Airlines to divide up US Airways.

Leo F. Mullin of Delta Air Lines and Gordon M. Bethune of Continental Airlines
told a hearing of the Senate Judiciary Committee's antitrust subcommittee that
they preferred to remain independent but that if United and American became much
larger, it would put them at a competitive disadvantage.

"If these deals go through, the airlines at the next tier will be required to
make dramatic competitive responses," Mr. Mullin said. "I propose we pause and
take aim before we fire."

In separate testimony, Mr. Bethune said that the deals would "create a cartel
that will marginalize smaller competitors like Continental." However, he added,
the disruption caused by the mergers might be a boon to his airline in the short
term as passengers seek out the relative calm of Continental.

"If you thought last summer was bad, buckle up your seat belts because you ain't
seen nothing yet," he said.

Few objections were raised at the hearing by lawmakers, airline executives or
academics to American's proposed takeover of Trans World Airlines. All appeared
to agree that T.W.A., which filed for bankruptcy last month, was doomed and
would disappear if American did not step in to preserve its routes and its
20,000 jobs.

But there was disagreement over whether US Airways was also in need of a savior.
"Make no mistake about it," said Representative Sue Wilkens Myrick, a Republican
who represents Charlotte, N.C., where the airline has a hub, "US Airways is
already on the perilous path that has been taken by T.W.A."

Mr. Mullin called the idea that US Airways, which lost $269 million last year,
was failing "absurd." He pointed out that it had a strong balance sheet, was
generating a lot of cash and had recently bought back a large amount of its
stock. If it were so weak, he added, United would never have offered to buy it
for $60 a share, a large premium over its stock price before the deal was
announced in May. Shares of US Airways fell $1.33 today, to $41.25.

James E. Goodwin and Donald J. Carty, the chief executives of the UAL
Corporation, United's parent, and the AMR Corporation, American's parent, both
testified that the various deals would enhance competition and benefit
consumers.

But several senators, including Mike DeWine, Republican of Ohio and the chairman
of the antitrust subcommittee, expressed strong reservations. Senator Charles
Schumer, Democrat of New York, said that he had sent a letter to the Justice
Department today suggesting that regulators delay consideration of the deal for
nine months while they step back and study all the implications.

Mr. Mullin agreed and said that approval of the United and American deals by
regulators should not be allowed to close the door on future deals intended to
make up the difference in size between them and Delta.

Asked by Senator Arlen Specter, Republican of Pennsylvania, about reports that
Delta had conducted talks with Northwest Airlines and was considering a plan for
Continental, which is a much smaller company, to buy Delta, Mr. Mullin expressed
dismay.

"Beats me, Senator," he responded. "I am sharing your sense of incredulity about
that transaction."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 8, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2001 The New York Times Company


                              203 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    June 29, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Drumbeat growing against Elders

BYLINE: Mimi Hall

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 8A

LENGTH: 612 words


Conservative commentators like Rush Limbaugh relish calling Joycelyn Elders a
"condom queen" and a radical who "borders on being a national embarrassment."

But as President Clinton tries to maintain his image as a centrist kind of "new
Democrat," the drumbeat of criticism against the nation's Surgeon General is
mounting.

Critics say that threatens her effectiveness and harms the president's quest to
sell his administration's policies to mainstream America.

"The political problem she poses for Clinton is that the more extreme things she
continues to say, the better known she's going to get, and it kind of
marginalizes his attempted message that he's a new kind of democrat," says Glen
Bolger, a moderate Republican pollster.

Last week, 87 Republican members of Congress, enraged by Elders' latest shot at
the "un-Christian religious right" during a speech to a gay group, called on
Clinton to fire Elders.

"She should be using this office to fight sickness and disease and not using
this office to fight parents and churches," said Rep. Cliff Stearns, R-Fla.

Elders, who has said Clinton never asks her to soften her rhetoric, and her
aides aren't commenting on the recent rash of criticism. As one of the last
remaining top-ranking Arkansans in the administration, Elders has enjoyed
Clinton's unstinting public support.

That hasn't changed, says White House communications director Mark Gearan: When
Clinton brought his outspoken state health director to Washington, "people
understood there would be days when she would make news."

But the White House several times has scrambled to distance itself from some of
Elders' rhetoric and she has provoked controversy by:

-- Saying she supports studying decriminalizing drugs and setting up clinics so
addicts could get them.

-- Justifying low spending on heart disease and cancer research by saying they
affect older people who "will probably die with something sooner or later."

-- Encouraging gay activists to "take on those people who are selling our
children out in the name of religion."

Republican Jack Kemp, a possible 1996 presidential contender, said Elders
"should have been bounced or fired for her views . . . far, far, far to the left
. . . of the American people."

The American Medical Association, which backed Elders' nomination as surgeon
general, now won't comment on her.

Elders promotes abstinence when speaking about preventing teen pregnancy, and
campaigns against drug abuse. But some observers warn that her radical rhetoric
threatens to drown out more mainstream messages.

The president has "enough problems being categorized on the left without her
pronouncements," says John Brummett, an Arkansas columnist. "I understand her
social conscience, but I think a little lower profile and a little less
flamboyance would be helpful."

Spokesman Mike Russell says Elders' typical week is filled with lobbying and
speeches on everything from sudden infant death syndrome, to health care reform,
violence and hypertension among blacks.

"Last week," Russell says, "was a prime example of what you don't hear about but
what she does."

Harriett Woods of the National Women's Political Caucus says Elders - like
former surgeon general C. Everett Koop, a conservative who angered liberals -
has become a "lightning rod" on health issues.

"She doesn't make policy and the president has said on several occasions that he
doesn't necessarily agree with her approach," Woods says. "But there's a place
for someone who makes us think about the issues . . . Whether people agree with
her or not may be less important than that she touches a nerve."

Contributing: Judy Keen

LOAD-DATE: June 30, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, b/w, Winslow Townson, AP

WASHINGTON AND THE WORLD; See main story; 08A

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              204 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                             June 25, 2016 Saturday

Why Black Lives Matter pulled out of San Francisco's gay parade;
Black Lives Matter said that it would not participate in San Francisco's pride
parade, citing concerns about the police presence at the event.

BYLINE: Christina Beck Staff

SECTION: USA

LENGTH: 689 words


Black Lives Matter Bay Area has announced Friday that it will not take place in
San Francisco's Pride Parade, citing concerns about the city's decision to
increase the police presence at the event after the nightclub shootings in
Orlando.

Other groups have also announced that they will be pulling out of the parade due
to city decisions which they say marginalize parts of the community.

"As queer people of color, we are disproportionately targeted by both vigilante
and police violence. We know first hand that increasing the police presence at
Pride does not increase safety for all people," said Black Lives Matter member
Malkia Cyril in a press release. "Militarizing these events increases the
potential for harm to our communities and we hope in the future SF Pride will
consider community-centered approaches to security at pride events."

Black Lives Matter, one of the intended grand marshals of the parade, also
mentioned specific concerns about the San Francisco police department's track
record of killing people of color.

A series of racial scandals have plagued the San Francisco police department in
recent months, prompting San Francisco mayor Ed Lee to ask for police chief Greg
Suhr's resignation in May.

Mr. Suhr had faced trouble for some time due to revelations that several police
officers had sent and received racist text messages under his leadership. Then,
the police killings of stabbing suspect Mario Woods and armed homeless man Luis
Gongora prompted questions of whether the police department had followed the
correct procedure in those instance.

The final straw for Suhr was a police killing of an unarmed African American
woman which catalyzed a series of events on May 19 that led to Suhr's
resignation later that same day.

"The progress we have made has been meaningful, but it hasn't been fast enough,"
said Mayor Lee in a news conference, "not for me and not for Greg, and that's
why I have asked Chief Suhr for his resignation."

Against this context, the Black Lives Matter Bay Area group decided to withdraw
from the parade this weekend.

"For us, celebrating Pride this year meant choosing between the threat of
homophobic and transphobic vigilante violence and the threat of police
violence," wrote Black Lives Matter in the aforementioned press release. "We had
a tough decision to make, and ultimately we chose to keep our people safe by not
participating in any event that would leave our communities vulnerable to
either."

Leadership from other groups, such as the TGI Justice Project (which advocates
for transgender, intersex, and gender non conforming people in prisons) and the
St. James Infirmary also announced their decisions not to attend.

The St. James Infirmary noted that the ban on shopping carts had the potential
to exclude marginalized groups, such as the homeless, played a role in its
decision not to attend.

San Francisco's Pride Parade is not the only such event to see participation
drop in the wake of the Orlando shootings. While many cities, including
Cincinnati, have beefed up security at Pride Parades, Black Lives Matter and
other black community groups in several cities have declined to attend, citing
concerns about their safety due to an increased police presence.

Last weekend, BreakOut!, a group that seeks to end the "criminalization of LGBTQ
youth" in New Orleans announced at the last minute that it would not attend the
city's pride parade due to concerns about the police presence.

Regarding her organization's decision to withdraw from this weekend's parade,
Shanelle Matthews, director of communications for the Black Lives Matter network
said in a statement that the community faces "real terror" at the hands of
police.

Black Lives Matter activists have also objected to the acquittal of Officer
Caesar Goodson in the trial over the death of Baltimore resident Freddie Gray
and last week, the Black Lives Matter released a statement blaming "white
supremacy and capitalism" for the Orlando nightclub attacks suggests that the
organization will remain active in the coming months as US city leaders struggle
to reconcile issues of public safety, racism, and bigotry.

LOAD-DATE: June 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2016 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              205 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            July 30, 2003 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

RESTAURANTS;
Southern Classics, Dressed for the Big City

BYLINE:  By William Grimes

SECTION: Section F; Column 3; Dining In, Dining Out/Style Desk; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 1085 words


THE Cajun craze that Paul Prudhomme started nearly 20 years ago had unfortunate
results. It redrew the map of southern cooking, making Louisiana look twice as
big as Alabama, Mississippi and the Carolinas put together. It also created the
completely false impression that New Orleans is Cajun, but that's another story.
The principal damage, besides nearly exterminating the redfish, was to
marginalize the great, mainstream tradition of southern cooking.

Ida Mae Kitchen-n-Lounge corrects the balance, but in an original way. The
cooking is pan-Southern, but the chef, Kenneth W. Collins, pushes it forward,
creating an urbanized, and globalized, version of the food he loves and grew up
with in Dallas. He's chosen an odd location, in the heart of the garment
district, and the lounge, with its pounding music, threatens to make the
restaurant a footnote to the overall operation, but in a city suffering from
me-too cuisine, Ida Mae, named after Mr. Collins's great-grandmother, strikes a
fresh, original note.

Mr. Collins plants his feet solidly in classic Southern ingredients, like sweet
potatoes and collard greens, and there's a Southern accent in the big flavors,
the richness and the sweetness of many dishes.

But you'd have to search long and hard below the Mason-Dixon line to find brown
sugar used to cure Chilean sea bass, or grits turned into grilled medallions, as
a side dish for poached lobster. Mr. Collins, at every turn, either invents a
new role for old-fashioned ingredients, or gives time-honored dishes a French or
Asian spin. Most of the time, he pulls it off, although his presentations can be
mannered and froufrou.

Sweet potatoes, whipped into a silky puree, make an ideal filling for skillfully
made ravioli, very thin yet firm to the bite. A chive-butter sauce adds a
voluptuous sheen, while cutting back, just a touch, on the sugar in the
potatoes. Skewered shrimp, lightly breaded and deep-fried, come out as crunchy
and light as tempura. The dipping sauce, a thick peach compote fired up with
chilies, is a simple but clever Asian-Southern combination. Even a highfalutin
ingredient like foie gras can do the two-step, if you put it together with an
apple fritter and a little salad of black-eyed peas. Mr. Collins makes a
tactical error with his crab cakes, however. He serves them in a pool of sweet,
pungent saffron consomme, which might work brilliantly as a dipping sauce on the
side but does damage on the plate. The fat little crab cakes get soaked by the
sauce, and slow eaters might find themselves eating crab soup after about five
minutes.

Louisiana gets its turn at bat. Lamb chops are treated to a gumbo makeover, with
slices of red-hot andouille sausage, cala rice cakes and a smothering of gumbo
vegetables flavored with sassafras. When Mr. Collins decides to go Cajun, he
doesn't mess around. This is the kind of entree that has you mopping your
forehead and begging for a full pitcher of lemonade. Cajun-style tuna is a more
adventurous, Caribbeanized dish, with curried plantains and a tomato papaya
salad on the side.

Every once in a while, for the fun of it, Mr. Collins will throw a sharply
breaking curve ball. The Southwest doesn't really fit into his scheme, but if
you're from Texas, grilled pork tostaditas feel a lot closer to home than
Virginia baked ham or Carolina she-crab soup. The Ida Mae tostadita, served with
dense corn pudding, black beans and a spicy ancho chili puree, is just great
American vernacular food. I'm not sure where to place Mr. Collins's mushroom
napoleon, a suspiciously refined appetizer of crisp wonton sheets sandwiching
grilled portobello, crimini, chanterelle, oyster and shiitake mushrooms in an
intense truffled port-wine syrup. If this be Southern, then they're whistling
Dixie in Paris. It happens to be just about the best appetizer on the menu.

The desserts, by Anthony C. Smith, are appropriately caloric and sweet. The
pecan torte, dense enough to require knife and fork, sits in a thick, buttery
bark of pastry crust and almost defies diners to finish it. A big ball of rum
ice cream sets the bar just that much higher. Anyone who makes it through the
pecan torte should qualify for a discount on the chocolate tart, a bittersweet,
velvety slab laid on a thick graham cracker and pecan crust. It's the kind of
dessert that lets you know the meal is truly over. Flavoring creme brulee with
Georgia peaches is one of those simple but winning ideas that inspire confidence
in a pastry chef. Perhaps he can convince the chef to sweeten the restaurant's
insipid, thoroughly Yankee iced tea.

Ida Mae is not, alas, a comfortable place to enjoy a meal. The dining room, with
its low, recessed ceiling, feels like the banquet hall in a not very expensive
hotel, right down to the chandeliers and heavy, steel-framed chairs. The
adjoining lounge, separated from the dining room by the gauziest of curtains,
encroaches. In fact, it bullies. It very nearly swaggers over, takes a seat and
eats the meal with you. A percussive, high-energy, food-hostile soundtrack
becomes sheer torment over the course of an hour and a half. If only the lounge
lizards knew what they were missing. The music and the martinis may be on that
side of the curtain, but the real action is on the other side.

Ida Mae Kitchen-N-Lounge
* Rating: One Star
111 West 38th Street (near Broadway); (212) 704-0038.

ATMOSPHERE -- New American cuisine with a strong Southern accent, served in a
combined restaurant and lounge.
SOUND LEVEL -- Loud.
RECOMMENDED DISHES -- Sweet potato ravioli, skewered shrimp with chili-peach
sauce, wild mushroom napoleon, lamb chops gumbo style, grilled pork tostaditas,
chocolate tart, pecan torte.
SERVICE -- Friendly but not terribly efficient.
WINE LIST -- A rudimentary list with a small selection of wines by the glass.
PRICE RANGE -- Lunch, appetizers, $6 to $15; entrees, $10 to $24; desserts, $7
to $8. Dinner, appetizers, $6 to $18; entrees, $23 to $27; desserts, $7 to $8.
HOURS -- Lunch, Monday through Friday, noon to 3; dinner, Monday through
Saturday, 6 to 11 p.m. Closed Sunday for the summer.
CREDIT CARDS -- All major cards
WHEELCHAIR ACCESS -- Restrooms on dining level.

WHAT THE STARS MEAN:

(None) Poor to satisfactory
* Good
** Very good
*** Excellent
**** Extraordinary

Ratings reflect the reviewer's reaction to food, ambience and service, with
price taken into consideration. Menu listings and prices are subject to change.

PAST REVIEWS from The Times, with additional capsule reviews by Times critics:
nytimes.com/dining

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: COLLARD GREEN ALERT -- At Ida Mae Kitchen-n-Lounge in Midtown,
the lounge is on the other side of curtains. (Photo by Christopher Smith for The
New York Times)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              206 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                            October 13, 2013 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

CLOSE GAP IN EDUCATION, OR GOP WILL

BYLINE:  CHRIS RICKERT , Wisconsin State Journal , crickert@madison.com ,
608-252-6198

SECTION: LOCAL SUNDAY; Chris Rickert; Pg. C1

LENGTH: 727 words


So far, Madison's abiding liberalism, support for unions and overwhelmingly
white population have helped to marginalize alternative public education models
such as vouchers and charter schools.

But that might not last forever, especially as Madison becomes more economically
and racially diverse - in short, more like Milwaukee - and as long as the
Madison School District continues to struggle to reach its low-income, minority
students.

Republicans in the state Legislature are doing their part to make Madison
charter- and voucher-school-rich with a proposal that seems tailor-made for the
now-defunct Madison Preparatory Academy charter school.

Madison Prep, a project of the Urban League of Greater Madison, was designed to
serve low-income, minority students and help remedy the district's long-standing
achievement gaps. It was rejected by the school board on a 5-2 vote in 2011,
mostly because of opposition from the teachers union.

Lawmakers are proposing expanding the entities that can authorize charter
schools - beyond local school boards, UW-Milwaukee, UW-Parkside and the city of
Milwaukee - to include all UW System campuses, state technical colleges and
state Cooperative Educational Service Agencies, or CESAs.

Urban League president and CEO Kaleem Caire said he's open to reprising Madison
Prep as a UW-Madison-authorized charter. Two years ago, it gained support from
some UW-Madison faculty - including professor Gloria Ladson-Billings, who was on
the school's board.

"We would consider it," Caire said, although he emphasized he would want to
partner with a local school district or districts, regardless of who provides a
charter.

"Our aim is not to develop a parallel school system," he added. "It's important
to us that any school we operate serve as an example of innovation that could be
implemented within a public school district."

UW System spokesman David Giroux said the Board of Regents hasn't taken a
position on the Republican proposal, and Ladson-Billings referred questions
about a possible UW-Madison-authorized school to Education Dean Julie Underwood,
who previously said she does not favor colleges authorizing charter schools.

Madison Area Technical College Provost Terrance Webb similarly said MATC has
"long benefited from our strong partnerships with the K-12 schools" but "the
college has no current intention to sponsor any K-12 charter schools."

And administrators for the statewide CESA and CESA 2, which cover the Madison
district, pointed out that authorizing charter schools would have them directing
public dollars toward charters and away from the local public schools that
belong to and fund CESAs.

More important than whether UW-Madison might take a chance on Madison Prep,
though, is whether such a school chartered by UW-Madison would work. Caire said
"higher education institutions tend to be more careful about who gets a charter
and tend to charter some high-quality schools."

There appears to be some evidence of this. Ten of 11 UW-Milwaukee-authorized
charters have an average state report card score some 14 points higher than the
Milwaukee Public Schools generally, with one charter school not rated.

The MPS and charter schools have comparable rates of poverty, although MPS
schools have higher proportions of disabled students and English language
learners. A special state test for disabled students and other accommodations
can help mitigate the negative effect on a school's overall performance but not
necessarily completely, according to James Wollack, an associate professor and
expert in testing and evaluation at UW-Madison.

Republican bids to expand charters and vouchers come at a time when a recent
report by the Wisconsin Council on Children and Families shows the gaps between
blacks and whites in Dane County are significantly larger than those statewide
or nationally.

High school graduation rates, child poverty and juvenile arrests are among the
areas where blacks struggle in Dane County, and state test results show Madison
School District achievement gaps persist.

The longer those trends continue, the more likely it is Republican proposals to
expand charter and voucher schools will gain support among parents - maybe even
parents in (rapidly changing) Madison.

And Madison's educational institutions could be faced with whether they want to
go willingly into the future, or get dragged there.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2013 Madison Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              207 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                       May 22, 2003 Thursday CITY EDITION

NATION & WORLD BRIEFING

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 1013 words


ABBAS, ISRAEL TRADE WARNINGS

JERUSALEM -- Palestinian Prime Minister Mahmoud Abbas called on Israel to stop
invading Palestinian-controlled areas, saying Wednesday that it "deepens the
hatred between the two peoples." Israeli Foreign Minister Silvan Shalom said
Wednesday that if Abbas, also known as Abu Mazen, did not begin working to end
terrorism, he would wind up like Yasser Arafat, whom Israel is trying to
marginalize. "Abu Mazen's fate is in his own hands," Shalom said. Also
Wednesday, Israeli troops shot and killed two Palestinians in a confrontation in
the West Bank village of Qarwet Bany Zead, residents said.

Mississippi told to improve death row

JACKSON, Miss. -- Saying the "filthy conditions" on Mississippi's death row
violate the Constitution, a federal judge Wednesday ordered mental health exams,
better toilets and other improvements. "No one in a civilized society should be
forced to live under conditions that force exposure to another person's bodily
wastes," U.S. Magistrate Jerry Davis wrote. The judge said the conditions at the
Parchman prison constitute cruel and unusual punishment. He ruled in a lawsuit
that alleged the harsh conditions were contributing to a high rate of mental
illness among the prisoners.

Texas mandates abortion counseling

HOUSTON -- Texas approved one of the nation's most sweeping abortion counseling
laws Wednesday, requiring doctors, among other things, to warn women that
abortion might lead to breast cancer. That correlation, however, does not exist,
according to the American Cancer Society and federal researchers. Critics say
the law is a thinly veiled attempt to intimidate women who are seeking
abortions. Proponents say that research into the alleged link between abortion
and breast cancer remains inconclusive.

Washington teen wins geography bee

WASHINGTON -- The competition went to a second tiebreaker before James Williams,
a 14-year-old from Vancouver, Wash., claimed victory Wednesday in the 15th
annual National Geographic Bee. The deciding question: "Goa, a state in
southwestern India, was a possession of which country until 1961?" Portugal was
James' correct answer, netting a $25,000 college scholarship, a lifetime
subscription to National Geographic magazine and a week at SeaWorld and Busch
Gardens Adventure Camp. Dallas Simons, a 13-year-old student at Martin Luther
King Magnet School in Nashville, Tenn., placed second and collected a $15,000
college scholarship. Taking third, and a $10,000 scholarship, was Sean Rao, 14,
a student at St. Gabriel School in Hubertus, Wis.

Two more arrested in migrants' deaths

HOUSTON -- Two more men have been arrested for their suspected roles in a
smuggling operation during which 19 illegal immigrants died in a sweltering
truck trailer last week in Texas, authorities said Wednesday. Authorities say
Abelardo Flores, 31, arranged for the transportation of the 70 immigrants in the
scorching trailer, which was abandoned at a truck stop. Also arrested was Victor
Jesus Rodriguez. Rodriguez's parents, Victor, 55, and Emma, 57, of Brownsville,
were still being sought for housing the immigrants before transporting and
loading them into the trailer.

Seventh man charged in N.Y. terrorist cell

BUFFALO, N.Y. -- A seventh man was charged with participating in a terrorist
"sleeper" cell based in upstate New York by attending an al-Qaida training camp
run by Osama bin Laden before the Sept. 11 attacks. An FBI criminal complaint
charged Jaber Elbaneh, 36, with conspiring to provide material support or
resources to a foreign terrorist organization. The FBI said Elbaneh is believed
to be abroad. Elbaneh is from the Buffalo suburb of Lackawanna. Six other men --
dubbed the "Lackawanna Six" -- have already pleaded guilty in the case and are
cooperating with authorities. Elbaneh was charged with the others, but the
complaint was not unsealed until Wednesday.

Bush helps party raise $22 million

WASHINGTON -- President Bush scrapped the traditional gala tuxedo for a business
suit Wednesday as he helped raise $22 million for Republican Senate and House
candidates, showing the GOP's prowess at collecting cash despite the new
campaign finance law's restrictions. The Washington Convention Center event was
the closest any political party has come to matching the record $30 million-plus
that Bush helped the Republican National Committee and the two congressional
campaign organizations raise at each of two galas last spring. At those events,
"soft money" donations, unlimited contributions from corporations, labor unions
and wealthy donors, were permitted. Under the campaign finance law that went
into effect last November, the national parties can raise only "hard money,"
donations of up to $25,000 per year from individuals and political action
committees.

500 still missing in Sri Lanka floods

RATNAPURA, Sri Lanka -- At least 500 people were still missing Wednesday in the
worst flooding in Sri Lanka in decades while 260 others were confirmed dead, an
official said. Karu Jayasuriya, a government minister in charge of flood relief,
said 350,000 people were left homeless in last weekend's flooding. The
government asked international donors for assistance -- especially bottled
water, building materials, clothing and medicine.

2 adults, 1 juvenile charged in hazing

SKOKIE, Ill. -- Two parents were charged Wednesday with supplying alcohol to
students at a suburban Chicago high school who participated in a brutal hazing
incident captured on videotape. Christine Neal, 49, was charged with delivery of
alcohol to a minor for buying three kegs of beer, two of which were found at the
park where the hazing took place, prosecutors said. Marcy Spiwak, 49, was
charged with allowing her home to be used for under-age drinking. Neal is the
mother of student Dominic Vargas, 18, who was charged with unlawful possession
of alcohol by a minor. Authorities said Vargas brought the kegs to the May 4
"powder puff" touch football game where junior girls were brutally hazed by
seniors.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: ASSOCIATED PRESS

James Williams, a home-schooled 14-year-old from Vancouver, Wash., won the
National Geographic Bee on Wednesday.

                     Copyright 2003 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              208 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                           January 20, 2016 Wednesday

Clinton gearing up for a long fight against Sanders

BYLINE: AMY CHOZICK

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 832 words

ABSTRACT

Facing a tougher-than-expected challenge, Mrs. Clinton's campaign is preparing
for a primary fight that could stretch into late April or May.

FULL TEXT

Facing a tougher than expected challenge from Senator Bernie Sanders of Vermont,
Hillary Clinton's campaign is preparing for a primary fight that could stretch
into late April or early May and require a sprawling field operation in states
and territories from Pennsylvania to Guam.

With the Iowa caucuses in two weeks and Mr. Sanders's insurgent candidacy
chipping away at Mrs. Clinton's once formidable lead there, Clinton aides are
acknowledging that the road to the party's July convention could be an expensive
slog.

''Remember, I campaigned all the way into June last time,'' Mrs. Clinton told
CNN last week.

Even though the Clinton team has sought to convey that it has built a national
operation, the campaign has invested much of its resources in the Feb. 1
caucuses in Iowa, hoping that a victory there could marginalize Mr. Sanders and
set Mrs. Clinton on the path to the nomination.

As much as 90 percent of the campaign's resources are now split between Iowa and
the Brooklyn headquarters, according to an estimate provided by a person with
direct knowledge of the spending. The campaign denied that figure.

The campaign boasted last June, when Mrs. Clinton held her kickoff event on
Roosevelt Island in New York, that it had at least one paid staff member in all
50 states. But the effort did not last, and the staff members were soon let go
or reassigned. (Mrs. Clinton's campaign manager, Robby Mook, said they had been
hired as temporary workers to sign up volunteers at the start of the campaign,
an effort he said had paid off organizationally.)

The focus on Iowa, which still haunts Mrs. Clinton after the stinging upset by
Barack Obama there in 2008, has been so intense that even organizers in New
Hampshire, which holds its primary on Feb. 9, have complained to the campaign's
leadership that they feel neglected.

On a call with supporters last week, Mrs. Clinton's aides laid out a scenario in
which the race against Mr. Sanders stretched through April, a prospect that they
said would require about $50 million for a national ground operation and other
expenses.

''It's not just a question of the first two states or the first four states,''
Mr. Mook said in an interview at Sunday's Democratic debate in Charleston, S.C.
''We're going to keep going into the map as long as it takes.''

For all its institutional advantages, the Clinton campaign lags behind the
Sanders operation in deploying paid staff members: For example, Mr. Sanders has
campaign workers installed in all 11 of the states that vote on Super Tuesday,
March 1. Mrs. Clinton does not, and she is relying on union volunteers and
members of supportive organizations such as Planned Parenthood to help her.

''It would be good to have the momentum story the day after the caucus of 'Oh,
Bernie won,''' Mr. Sanders's campaign manager, Jeff Weaver, said, ''but it's
really about grinding out the delegates, grind, grind, grind, grind, grind.''

Asked about the discrepancy between the campaigns and whether Mrs. Clinton's
team planned to put staff in all of the Super Tuesday states, Marlon Marshall,
her director of state campaigns and political engagement, declined to comment
specifically and instead repeated this line three times: ''We've had folks in
states for a while.''

The scramble after the contests in Iowa and New Hampshire will be intense. If
Mrs. Clinton fails to win either state and her campaign seems to be stumbling,
her donations could dry up. But a loss could also motivate donors who had viewed
her nomination as a foregone conclusion.

Even if Mrs. Clinton wins in Iowa, where she maintains a slight lead in most
polls, Mr. Sanders could receive an outpouring of small donations if the outcome
is close that would help him compete in subsequent states. Mr. Sanders, a
small-state senator who has never run for national office, has shown surprising
fund-raising muscle. Many of his donors have yet to give him the maximum
individual contribution of $2,700, meaning they could be tapped repeatedly if
the contest remains close. His campaign raised $33 million in the final quarter
of 2015, just $4 million less than Mrs. Clinton's.

Mrs. Clinton's aides say they expect to win Iowa and New Hampshire and are ready
for the grind. A giant whiteboard on the wall of the campaign's headquarters
maps out where staff members would be sent depending on the outcomes in the
early states.

''It's kind of like 'choose your own adventure,''' Mr. Mook said.

This is not the adventure the Clinton team would have chosen.

A prolonged primary campaign against an opponent widely popular with the party's
liberal base could exhaust donors who will also be asked to contribute to an
expensive campaign to defeat the Republican nominee. A contentious race against
Mr. Sanders could also weaken Mrs. Clinton's standing among Democratic voters
she would need in November.

LOAD-DATE: January 19, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              209 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              May 27, 2011 Friday

Religion news in brief

LENGTH: 610 words


CHAPLAINS: TROOPS MAY FEAR SHARING BELIEFS ON GAYS WASHINGTON (AP) ? Leaders of
21 religious groups that send chaplains to the military want Congress or the
Pentagon to guarantee that troops won't be punished if they openly discuss their
religious objections to homosexuality. In a joint letter to chaplain chiefs of
the Navy, Army, and Air Force, the chaplain endorsers express concern that
repeal of "don't ask, don't tell" could marginalize or silence troops who
believe same-sex relationships are immoral. The letter says, "Service members
should know that chaplains' ministry and their own rights of conscience remain
protected everywhere military necessity has placed them."

Military training to apply the new law allowing gays to serve openly began
earlier this year and is expected to be completed by midsummer. KANSAS JOINS
EFFORT TO SAVE UTAH HIGHWAY CROSSES TOPEKA, Kan. (AP) ? Kansas has joined 19
other states in asking the U.S. Supreme Court to hear a dispute over crosses
along Utah highways honoring state troopers who died while on duty. Kansas
Attorney General Derek Schmidt says he joined the effort because he wants to
protect the right of free expression on public land. Fourteen crosses have been
erected by the Utah Highway Patrol Troopers Association, using private funds.
Each 12-foot-high cross contains a biography of the trooper who died and the
state patrol's logo. An atheist group sued over the crosses in 2005 and a
federal appeals court ruled in the group's favor, concluding the crosses were an
unconstitutional government endorsement of religion. Utah then appealed. BIBLE'S
NEW TESTAMENT TRANSLATED INTO TRIBAL LANGUAGE FAIRBANKS, Alaska (AP) ? An
Alaskan couple has translated the New Testament into Gwich'in. Meggie and Pierre
DeMers read a passage from a copy of their translation of the New Testament
during Sunday morning services at the St. Matthew's Episcopal Church in
Fairbanks. Parishioners responded with a standing ovation. The Fairbanks Daily
News-Miner says the DeMers, who are missionaries with Wycliffe Bible
Translators, have worked for 31 years to complete the Gwich'in translation of
the New Testament. The Gwich'in people are the only Athabascan tribe to have the
New Testament in their language. OREGON SENATE VOTES TO REMOVE SPIRITUAL DEFENSE
SALEM, Ore. (AP) ? Oregon lawmakers have approved a bill that would remove faith
healing as a legal defense in murder or manslaughter cases. The legislation was
drafted largely in response to the deaths of children among members of the
Followers of Christ Church in Oregon City, who rely on spiritual treatments
instead of medical care. A couple that belongs to the church stands trial this
week on criminal mistreatment charges for failing to seek medical care for their
infant daughter. Another couple was convicted last year of criminally negligent
homicide in the 2008 death of their teenage son. FALUN GONG MEMBERS SUE CISCO
FOR HELPING CHINA WASHINGTON (AP) ? Members of the Falun Gong spiritual movement
are suing Cisco Systems. A federal lawsuit filed in California accuses Cisco and
its top executives of supplying the Chinese government with computer networking
equipment used to spy on dissidents and censor the Internet. The Falun Gong
practitioners allege that Cisco aided and abetted human rights violations by
helping the Chinese government build the "Great Firewall of China." In a
statement, Cisco disputes the allegations. The company says, "We sell the same
equipment in China that we sell in other nations worldwide in strict compliance
with U.S. government regulations." Chinese officials have banned Falun Gong,
calling it an evil cult.

LOAD-DATE: May 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2011 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              210 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 4, 2004, Friday, FINAL EDITION

Chalabi investigators search for source of his info

BYLINE: Kevin Johnson and Donna Leinwand

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 4A

LENGTH: 727 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON

WASHINGTON -- Federal authorities have broadened their investigations into
former Iraqi exile Ahmad Chalabi's relationship with Iran to examine whether
several U.S. officials leaked classified material to Chalabi and members of his
Iraqi National Congress, a Senate Intelligence Committee member said Thursday.

The companion investigations by the FBI and the CIA initially focused on
Chalabi, a Shiite Muslim whose once-warm relationship with high-level Bush
administration officials has chilled in recent months. U.S. intelligence
officials suspect that Chalabi told an Iranian official that the United States
had broken the secret communications code used by Iran's intelligence service.

Sen. Dick Durbin, D-Ill., who was briefed on the probes Wednesday, said that
identifying the source of the alleged leak is particularly urgent because it may
have endangered the lives of U.S. operatives abroad.

He said the United States has been forced to shut down an important listening
post in Baghdad that shed light on activities in Iran, which the United States
considers a nuclear threat. "This is extremely damaging," Durbin said.


Meanwhile, Chalabi's attorney in the USA said his client did nothing wrong.
Attorney John Markham said that the investigations were cooked up by U.S.
officials to try to marginalize Chalabi, who before the U.S.-led invasion of
Iraq was a key figure in calling on the administration to topple Saddam Hussein.
Reports by the Iraqi National Congress helped feed the notion that Saddam had
ties to Osama bin Laden and was developing nuclear, chemical and biological
weapons.

The CIA "got the whole weapons-of-mass-destruction thing completely wrong, and
they need a scapegoat," said Markham, who said he would make Chalabi available
for questioning by U.S. investigators. "He's their dartboard now. But he won't
be for long."

The FBI is trying to determine who might have provided Chalabi with information
that U.S. intelligence officials had cracked the Iranian codes for transmitting
classified material, and whether that information was passed on to Iranian
officials, said two U.S. law enforcement officials with knowledge of the matter.
Such officials typically do not comment publicly on ongoing investigations.

The FBI probe is likely to involve the questioning of Pentagon and other
government officials who had access to the material. It began near the time that
Iraqi police, backed by U.S. forces, raided Chalabi's home in Baghdad on May 20.


FBI investigators have begun interviewing potential witnesses, and some have
submitted to polygraph examinations, one of the law enforcement officials said.

Meanwhile, the CIA is assessing whether U.S. intelligence operations were
damaged as a result of the alleged leak of classified material.

Unauthorized disclosures of classified information or information important to
national defense are criminal offenses that carry a maximum punishment of 10
years in prison.

In Iraq, Chalabi launched a verbal barrage against CIA Director George Tenet,
who announced his resignation Thursday. Chalabi, a former member of the Iraqi
Governing Council, told the Associated Press in Najaf that the CIA director was
"behind the charges against me."

"I denied these charges, and I will deny them again," Chalabi said.

The CIA has been suspicious of Chalabi for years, even as some prominent members
of the Bush administration -- including Vice President Cheney and top officials
at the Pentagon -- continued to value Chalabi and his Iraqi National Congress.

The U.S. Defense and State departments have given Chalabi's group about $ 49
million over the past four years. The relationship ended last month, when
Chalabi was removed from the U.S. payroll and his home was raided in a move that
U.S. officials said was part of an investigation into allegations that the funds
had been mishandled.

Markham said that investigation, like the allegations that Chalabi leaked U.S.
secrets, is part of a CIA effort to attack Chalabi.

Chalabi "would never endanger the national security of the U.S.," Markham said
in a letter Wednesday to Attorney General John Ashcroft and FBI Director Robert
Mueller. "He remains a friend of the United States despite the efforts by some
within the U.S. government to undermine him by false rumor," the letter said.

LOAD-DATE: June 04, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Zohra Bensemra, Reuters; Former U.S. favorite: Ahmad
Chalabi leaves a news conference Thursday in Najaf, Iraq. Chalabi's lawyer says
he is being made a scapegoat" for U.S. intelligence failures.

                      Copyright 2004 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              211 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             July 19, 2008 Saturday
                                 SOONER EDITION

COMCASTIC?;
FANS SMELL A POLITICAL RAT IN MOVING MSNBC

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. B-6

LENGTH: 390 words


Hours before a televised presidential debate last December in Portland, Ore.,
Comcast moved the liberal-leaning MSNBC from basic cable to digital premium.
Viewer fury was immediate. Comcast was inundated with complaints from thousands
of cable subscribers who would not have been able to switch to the higher-priced
package to see the debate on time even if they had wanted to.

In an overwhelmingly liberal town, having to pay a premium to watch MSNBC's
Keith Olbermann dismantle the Bush administration every night while Fox and CNN
remain part of the basic cable package was infuriating.

Many Oregonians considered the move an attempt to marginalize outspoken liberal
voices like Mr. Olbermann's by making it more expensive to get access to them.

MSNBC was replaced by the Weather Channel. Offering no apologies, Comcast
pointed to the intricacies of offering more high-definition channels in the
market to justify MSNBC's bump to the next level.

It was entirely Comcast's decision to move MSNBC. NBC Universal, MSNBC's parent
company, told Comcast it was unhappy with the decision to move its cable news
affiliate.

Earlier this week, Pittsburgh cable subscribers attempted to tune in to MSNBC
only to find the Golf Channel sitting where "Morning Joe" and "Hardball with
Chris Matthews" used to be aired.

What happened last year in Portland and other cities is now happening in Western
Pennsylvania. Viewers are just as angry. More than a dozen channels were bumped,
but only MSNBC, TruTV, Oxygen and the Hallmark Channel were kicked from standard
to digital premium.

On local talk radio, the suspicion is that Comcast is engaging in a back-door
rate increase that disproportionately affects Democrats during an important
election year. Because MSNBC caters to liberal voices in ways that Fox and CNN
don't, moving it to a more expensive tier is suspect.

The reasons for moving MSNBC may be far more mundane than liberal-bashing
conspiracy theories allow. Decisions for doing so also may vary according to
local programming carriage agreements. These deals are complex, so cable
companies aren't always forthcoming about them.

Still, there are a lot of unhappy subscribers who want their MSNBC. If a cable
subscriber is truly mad enough, complaining to Comcast, moving to a competitor,
pulling the plug or subscribing to the paper may be the way to go.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              212 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

A Documentary Gives 'Going to the Mat' New Meaning

BYLINE: By NATHAN LEE

SECTION: Section C; Column 0; The Arts/Cultural Desk; MOVIE REVIEW 'ENLIGHTEN
UP!'; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 321 words


Inspired to make a documentary about yoga, the filmmaker Kate Churchill came up
with a shrewd idea. Rather than focus on her own experience with the discipline,
which she has practiced to great physical and spiritual benefit for many years,
she enlisted a yoga novice to devote himself to it and report on its effects.

So she recruited Nick Rosen, 29, a physically fit, intellectually skeptical
journalist from New York, to plunge into the world of yoga in search of a style
that suited him. Approaching the subject through Mr. Rosen is a doubly smart
strategy: it allows the uninitiated viewer to explore yoga through a surrogate,
and it marginalizes Ms. Churchill's blatant agenda and rather grating
personality.

Yoga appeals to Mr. Rosen as a superb workout more than as a route to
enlightenment, and he tours the various studios and methods of the international
yoga scene (from New York to Los Angeles and Hawaii before an extended, and
fascinating, trip to India) with both an open mind and a dubious eye for its
more metaphysical trappings. This clearly frustrates a filmmaker eager to
acclaim the ''transformative'' aspects of the discipline.

As the title indicates, ''Enlighten Up!'' explores its subject with a light
touch and welcome sense of humor. That it ends with a lack of resolution about
yoga's ultimate goal suggests that Mr. Rosen wasn't the only one to gain some
self-knowledge along the way.

ENLIGHTEN UP!

Opens on Wednesday in Manhattan.

Produced and directed by Kate Churchill; written by Ms. Churchill and Jonathon
Hexner, based on a story by Ms. Churchill, Mr. Hexner and Khari Streeter;
director of photography, Mr. Hexner; edited by Mr. Streeter and Jonathan Sahula;
music by Krishna Venkatesh; animation by Mr. Hexner; released by Balcony
Releasing. At the IFC Center, 323 Avenue of the Americas, at Third Street,
Greenwich Village. Running time: 1 hour 22 minutes. This film is not rated.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: With yoga, Nick Rosen  sees things from a different angle.
(PHOTOGRAPH BY JONATHON HEXNER/BALCONY RELEASING)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              213 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                        March 31, 2009 Tuesday 00:00 EST

A Documentary Gives 'Going to the Mat' New Meaning;
Movie Review | 'Enlighten Up!'

BYLINE: NATHAN LEE

SECTION: MOVIES

LENGTH: 338 words



HIGHLIGHT: "Enlighten Up!" explores its subject with a light touch and welcome
sense of humor.


Inspired to make a documentary about yoga, the filmmaker Kate Churchill came up
with a shrewd idea. Rather than focus on her own experience with the discipline,
which she has practiced to great physical and spiritual benefit for many years,
she enlisted a yoga novice to devote himself to it and report on its effects.

So she recruited Nick Rosen, 29, a physically fit, intellectually skeptical
journalist from New York, to plunge into the world of yoga in search of a style
that suited him. Approaching the subject through Mr. Rosen is a doubly smart
strategy: it allows the uninitiated viewer to explore yoga through a surrogate,
and it marginalizes Ms. Churchill's blatant agenda and rather grating
personality.

Yoga appeals to Mr. Rosen as a superb workout more than as a route to
enlightenment, and he tours the various studios and methods of the international
yoga scene (from New York to Los Angeles and Hawaii before an extended, and
fascinating, trip to India) with both an open mind and a dubious eye for its
more metaphysical trappings. This clearly frustrates a filmmaker eager to
acclaim the "transformative" aspects of the discipline.

As the title indicates, "Enlighten Up!" explores its subject with a light touch
and welcome sense of humor. That it ends with a lack of resolution about yoga's
ultimate goal suggests that Mr. Rosen wasn't the only one to gain some
self-knowledge along the way.

ENLIGHTEN UP!

Opens on Wednesday in Manhattan.

Produced and directed by Kate Churchill; written by Ms. Churchill and Jonathon
Hexner, based on a story by Ms. Churchill, Mr. Hexner and Khari Streeter;
director of photography, Mr. Hexner; edited by Mr. Streeter and Jonathan Sahula;
music by Krishna Venkatesh; animation by Mr. Hexner; released by Balcony
Releasing. At the IFC Center, 323 Avenue of the Americas, at Third Street,
Greenwich Village. Running time: 1 hour 22 minutes. This film is not rated.

PHOTO: With yoga, Nick Rosen  sees things from a different angle. (PHOTOGRAPH BY
JONATHON HEXNER/BALCONY RELEASING)

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Review

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Web Blog


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              214 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Legislative districts get a makeover // Plan sent to House and Senate for vote

BYLINE: John J. Monahan

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 576 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


BOSTON - The House and Senate committee that redrew boundary lines for the
state's 200 legislative districts yesterday forwarded the plan to the House and
Senate for formal consideration with relatively few complaints surfacing about
hundreds of changes in representative districts.

Senate Minority Leader Bruce E. Tarr, R-Gloucester, said the minority party did
not find any attempt to marginalize Republicans around the state by changing
district lines for partisan reasons and as a result accepted changes in district
boundaries called for in new district maps.

"I think it has gone pretty smoothly. If there is one point of commonality I
think the process has been transparent and interactive and that is what we
called for," Mr. Tarr said. "There are always going to be partisan
considerations in these kinds of discussions, so really it's a question of how
do they look relative to other redistricting exercises and I think history will
judge this one as fair."

While the redistricting forces many incumbents to give up whole towns in some
cases and most saw changes of one or more precincts being added or taken away,
there have been few complaints.

"The fact that you have not heard that much criticism reflects that they believe
in the integrity of the process" from individual lawmakers, Mr. Tarr said. "If
they thought undue influences were acting here there would be complaints."

The plan which doubles the number of minority-majority districts, including
establishment of a new minority-dominated district in Worcester, was needed to
maintain uniform representation based on population shifts over the last 10
years.

The Worcester minority-dominated district was created by adding two precincts
around downtown to the district now represented by state Rep. Vincent A. Pedone,
D-Worcester. Legislators said a number of complaints did come in from some towns
that had been represented by a single state representative that under the new
boundaries will include portions of two or more districts.

Westboro, which had been divided among three districts will continue to have
three districts within its borders. Some town officials in Westminster
meanwhile, have complained that a portion of Westminster north of Route 2 was
segmented into a Gardner-based district. In the future the town will have two
state representatives covering parts of town instead of a single representative.

The committee made a handful of changes to the maps released for public comment
a week ago, including a reconfiguration of the 4th Middlesex district in
Marlboro, that changed several precincts to make that district more compact.
They also agreed to include a change to a Western Massachusetts district and
realignment of some district boundaries in Chelsea before approving it for
consideration.

The House is expected to set rules for debate on the redistricting legislation
tomorrow setting up for debate and possible adoption next week. The Senate would
then take up the bill.

Still pending are decisions on merger of congressional districts that the
committee continues to wrestle with. That redistricting requires the elimination
of one of the state's ten congressional districts and could involve the merger
of several existing districts.

The state legislative district maps drew praise from a number of organizations
that monitored the process, including letters supporting the changes to increase
minority-majority districts from Common Cause, MassVote and the NAACP.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: BOSTON - The House and Senate committee that redrew boundary lines for
the state's 200 legislative districts yesterday forwarded the plan to the House
and Senate for formal consideration with relatively few complaints surfacing
about hundreds of changes in representative districts.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2011 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              215 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       TELEGRAM & GAZETTE (Massachusetts)

                           October 26, 2011 Wednesday

Legislative districts get a makeover;
Plan sent to House and Senate for vote

BYLINE: John J. Monahan, TELEGRAM & GAZETTE STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A8

LENGTH: 574 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


The House and Senate committee that redrew boundary lines for the state's 200
legislative districts yesterday forwarded the plan to the House and Senate for
formal consideration with relatively few complaints surfacing about hundreds of
changes in representative districts.

Senate Minority Leader Bruce E. Tarr, R-Gloucester, said the minority party did
not find any attempt to marginalize Republicans around the state by changing
district lines for partisan reasons and as a result accepted changes in district
boundaries called for in new district maps.

"I think it has gone pretty smoothly. If there is one point of commonality I
think the process has been transparent and interactive and that is what we
called for," Mr. Tarr said. "There are always going to be partisan
considerations in these kinds of discussions, so really it's a question of how
do they look relative to other redistricting exercises and I think history will
judge this one as fair."

While the redistricting forces many incumbents to give up whole towns in some
cases and most saw changes of one or more precincts being added or taken away,
there have been few complaints.

"The fact that you have not heard that much criticism reflects that they believe
in the integrity of the process" from individual lawmakers, Mr. Tarr said. "If
they thought undue influences were acting here there would be complaints."

The plan which doubles the number of minority-majority districts, including
establishment of a new minority-dominated district in Worcester, was needed to
maintain uniform representation based on population shifts over the last 10
years.

The Worcester minority-dominated district was created by adding two precincts
around downtown to the district now represented by state Rep. Vincent A. Pedone,
D-Worcester. Legislators said a number of complaints did come in from some towns
that had been represented by a single state representative that under the new
boundaries will include portions of two or more districts.

Westboro, which had been divided among three districts will continue to have
three districts within its borders. Some town officials in Westminster
meanwhile, have complained that a portion of Westminster north of Route 2 was
segmented into a Gardner-based district. In the future the town will have two
state representatives covering parts of town instead of a single representative.

The committee made a handful of changes to the maps released for public comment
a week ago, including a reconfiguration of the 4th Middlesex district in
Marlboro, that changed several precincts to make that district more compact.
They also agreed to include a change to a Western Massachusetts district and
realignment of some district boundaries in Chelsea before approving it for
consideration.

The House is expected to set rules for debate on the redistricting legislation
tomorrow setting up for debate and possible adoption next week. The Senate would
then take up the bill.

Still pending are decisions on merger of congressional districts that the
committee continues to wrestle with. That redistricting requires the elimination
of one of the state's ten congressional districts and could involve the merger
of several existing districts.

The state legislative district maps drew praise from a number of organizations
that monitored the process, including letters supporting the changes to increase
minority-majority districts from Common Cause, MassVote and the NAACP.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2011 Worcester Telegram & Gazette, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              216 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             April 3, 2007 Tuesday

Gay marriage debate reaches state high court;
Proponents file first briefs Monday challenging constitutionality of ban;
detractors have until June 1 to file response

BYLINE: Josh Richman, MEDIANEW STAFF

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 795 words


Gay-marriage advocates filed their opening briefs Monday with California's
Supreme Court, firing the first salvo in the final battle over whether the
state's statutory ban passes constitutional muster.

The city and county of San Francisco filed a brief Monday, as did 15 same-sex
couples, Equality California and Our Family Coalition, represented by a legal
team including the National Center for Lesbian Rights, Lambda Legal, the
American Civil Liberties Union, and other attorneys. Those hoping to sustain the
same-sex marriage ban must answer by June 1.

Once all the briefs are filed, the state's highest court will schedule oral
arguments on whether state law's same-sex marriage ban violates gays' and
lesbians' rights to equal protection under the law by discriminating on the
basis of sexual orientation; their personal-autonomy rights under the state
constitution's privacy clause; or a fundamental right to marry protected by the
state constitution.

By denying marriage to gay couples, "the state segregates them and their
families from the rest of society, continuing to marginalize them," said the
brief filed by San Francisco, which fueled the debate by issuing marriage
licenses -- later voided -- to same-sex couples in 2004.

"This separation sends a powerful message -- one that reinforces in the public
mind the already entrenched inferior status of lesbians and gay men. The message
is easily understood: the state will recognize, but it will not honor, lesbian
and gay family relationships."

San Francisco Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer in March 2005 ruled the
statutory same-sex marriage ban serves no rational purpose and
unconstitutionally denies same-sex couples equal protection. But the state Court
of Appeal, in a 2-1 ruling issued Oct. 5, concluded the ban doesn't violate
anyone's constitutional rights and marriage's definition is best left to the
people and lawmakers rather than courts. The Supreme Court in December agreed to
hear these six consolidated cases.

San Francisco's brief argues the Court of Appeal erred by framing the question
as whether the state constitution offers a fundamental right to "same-sex
marriage."

"By defining the right with reference to the group excluded from exercising it,
the majority ran afoul of both United States and California Supreme Court
precedent," the brief claims. "Past courts have not treated marriage claims by
interracial couples as involving the right to 'mixed race marriage,' by a
prisoner as the right to 'prisoner marriage,' or by a parent delinquent on child
support as 'deadbeat parent marriage.'"

The couples' and organizations' brief urges the court not to buy into their
opponents' argument that marriage should remain exclusively heterosexual merely
because it always has been so: "A constitutional harm does not become immune
from constitutional scrutiny, however, merely by virtue of its longevity."

"One overarching question pervades this case: whether the California
Constitution permits the majority to treat those in the minority in a way the
majority would never accept for itself, simply because it wants to and has done
so for a long time," that brief says.

Arguing against same-sex marriage are the state Attorney General's office, which
is duty-bound to defend existing state law; the conservative nonprofit Campaign
for California Families; and the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education
Fund, named for the 2000 ballot measure passed by 61 percent of voters to
reinforce an already-existing statutory ban on same-sex marriage.

Meanwhile, the battle continues in the Legislature as well.

The Assembly and state Senate in 2005 narrowly approved a bill to permit
same-sex marriage, but Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed it. Its author,
Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, reintroduced it in December; it's
scheduled for an April 10 hearing before the Assembly Judiciary Committee, but
Schwarzenegger has vowed to veto it once again.

Some social conservatives are hoping the legal and legislative battles -- and
the publicity they create -- will spur as-yet-sluggish efforts to place on the
ballot a state constitutional amendment prohibiting gay marriage, which if
passed would make these statutory struggles moot.

"We fully expect the California Supreme Court to destroy marriage for a man and
a woman," former Assemblyman Larry Bowler, R-Elk Grove, a proponent of the
VoteYesMarriage.com amendment, said in a news release issued Monday. "At least
four justices on that San Francisco bench are against the broad majority of
California voters, who want marriage preserved and protected. The high court
could deal a low blow to the voters by creating so-called 'same-sex marriages'
in late 2007 or early 2008."

Reach Josh Richman at 510-208-6428 or jrichman@angnewspapers.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              217 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             April 3, 2007 Tuesday

Same-sex marriage appeal under way

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: REVIEW

LENGTH: 804 words


Gay-marriage advocates filed their opening briefs Monday with California's
Supreme Court, firing the first salvo in the final battle over whether the
state's statutory ban passes constitutional muster.

The city and county of San Francisco filed a brief Monday, as did 15 same-sex
couples, Equality California and Our Family Coalition, represented by a legal
team including the National Center for Lesbian Rights, Lambda Legal, the
American Civil Liberties Union, and other attorneys. Those hoping to sustain the
same-sex marriage ban must answer by June 1.

Once all the briefs are filed, the state's highest court will schedule oral
arguments on whether state law's same-sex marriage ban violates gays' and
lesbians' rights to equal protection under the law by discriminating on the
basis of sexual orientation; their personal-autonomy rights under the state
constitution's privacy clause; or a fundamental right to marry protected by the
state constitution.

By denying marriage to gay couples, "the state segregates them and their
families from the rest of society, continuing to marginalize them," said the
brief filed by San Francisco, which fueled the debate by issuing marriage
licenses -- later voided -- to same-sex couples in 2004.

"This separation sends a powerful message -- one that reinforces in the public
mind the already entrenched inferior status of lesbians and gay men. The message
is easily understood: the state will recognize, but it will not honor, lesbian
and gay family relationships."

San Francisco Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer in March 2005 ruled the
statutory same-sex marriage ban serves no rational purpose and
unconstitutionally denies same-sex couples equal protection. But the state Court
of Appeal, in a 2-1 ruling issued Oct. 5, concluded the ban doesn't violate
anyone's constitutional rights and marriage's definition is best left to the
people and lawmakers rather than courts. The Supreme Court in December agreed to
hear these six consolidated cases.

San Francisco's brief argues the Court of Appeal erred by framing the question
as whether the state constitution offers a fundamental right to "same-sex
marriage."

"By defining the right with reference to the group excluded from exercising it,
the majority ran afoul of both United States and California Supreme Court
precedent," the brief claims. "Past courts have not treated marriage claims by
interracial couples as involving the right to 'mixed race marriage,' by a
prisoner as the right to 'prisoner marriage,' or by a parent delinquent on child
support as 'deadbeat parent marriage.'"

The couples' and organizations' brief urges the court not to buy into their
opponents' argument that marriage should remain exclusively heterosexual merely
because it always has been so: "A constitutional harm does not become immune
from constitutional scrutiny, however, merely by virtue of its longevity."

"One overarching question pervades this case: whether the California
Constitution permits the majority to treat those in the minority in a way the
majority would never accept for itself, simply because it wants to and has done
so for a long time," that brief says.

Arguing against same-sex marriage are the state Attorney General's office, which
is duty-bound to defend existing state law; the conservative nonprofit Campaign
for California Families; and the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education
Fund, named for the 2000 ballot measure passed by 61 percent of voters to
reinforce an already-existing statutory ban on same-sex marriage.

Meanwhile, the battle continues in the Legislature as well.

The Assembly and state Senate in 2005 narrowly approved a bill to permit
same-sex marriage, but Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed it. Its author,
Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, reintroduced it in December; it's
scheduled for an April 10 hearing before the Assembly Judiciary Committee, but
Schwarzenegger has vowed to veto it once again.

Some social conservatives are hoping the legal and legislative battles -- and
the publicity they create -- will spur as-yet-sluggish efforts to place on the
ballot a state constitutional amendment prohibiting gay marriage, which if
passed would make these statutory struggles moot.

"We fully expect the California Supreme Court to destroy marriage for a man and
a woman," former Assemblyman Larry Bowler, R-Elk Grove, a proponent of the
VoteYesMarriage.com amendment, said in a news release issued Monday. "At least
four justices on that San Francisco bench are against the broad majority of
California voters, who want marriage preserved and protected. The high court
could deal a low blow to the voters by creating so-called 'same-sex marriages'
in late 2007 or early 2008."

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com or (510) 208-6428. Read the
Political Blotter at InsideBayArea.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              218 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             April 3, 2007 Tuesday

State high court gets first same-sex marriage briefs

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TRI-VALLEY

LENGTH: 733 words


Gay-marriage advocates filed their opening briefs Monday with California's
Supreme Court, firing the first salvo in the final battle over whether the
state's statutory ban passes constitutional muster.

The city and county of San Francisco filed a brief Monday, as did 15 same-sex
couples, Equality California and Our Family Coalition, represented by a legal
team including the National Center for Lesbian Rights, Lambda Legal, the
American Civil Liberties Union and other attorneys. Those hoping to sustain the
same-sex marriage ban must answer by June 1.

Once all the briefs are filed, the state's highest court will schedule oral
arguments on whether state law's same-sex marriage ban violates the rights of
gays and lesbians to equal protection under the law by discriminating on the
basis of sexual orientation, their personal-autonomy rights under the state
constitution's privacy clause, or a fundamental right to marry protected by the
state constitution.

By denying marriage to gay couples, "the state segregates them and their
families from the rest of society, continuing to marginalize them," read the
brief filed by San Francisco, which fueled the debate by issuing marriage
licenses -- later voided -- to same-sex couples in 2004.

"This separation sends a powerful message -- one that reinforces in the public
mind the already entrenched inferior status of lesbians and gay men. The message
is easily understood: the state will recognize, but it will not honor, lesbian
and gay family relationships."

San Francisco Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer in March 2005 ruled the
statutory same-sex marriage ban serves no rational purpose and
unconstitutionally denies same-sex couples equal protection. But the state Court
of Appeal, in a 2-1 ruling issued Oct. 5, concluded the ban doesn't violate
anyone's constitutional rights and marriage's definition is best left to the
people and lawmakers rather than courts. The Supreme Court in December agreed to
hear these six consolidated cases.

San Francisco's brief argues the Court of Appeal erred by framing the question
as whether the state constitution offers a fundamental right to "same-sex
marriage."

"Past courts have not treated marriage claims by interracial couples as
involving the right to 'mixed race marriage,' by a prisoner as the right to
'prisoner marriage,' or by a parent delinquent on child support as 'deadbeat
parent marriage,'" the brief claims.

The couples and organizations' brief urges the court not to buy into their
opponents' argument that marriage should remain exclusively heterosexual merely
because it always has been so: "A constitutional harm does not become immune
from constitutional scrutiny, however, merely by virtue of its longevity."

Arguing against same-sex marriage are the state attorney general's office, which
is duty-bound to defend existing state law; the conservative nonprofit Campaign
for California Families; and the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education
Fund, named for the 2000 ballot measure passed by 61 percent of voters to
reinforce an already-existing statutory ban on same-sex marriage.

Meanwhile, the battle continues in the Legislature as well. The Assembly and
state Senate in 2005 narrowly approved a bill to permit same-sex marriage, but
Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed it. Its author, Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San
Francisco, reintroduced it in December; it's scheduled for an April 10 hearing
before the Assembly Judiciary Committee.

, but Schwarzenegger has vowed to veto it once again.

Some social conservatives are hoping the legal and legislative battles -- and
the publicity they create -- will spur as-yet-sluggish efforts to place on the
ballot a state constitutional amendment prohibiting gay marriage, which if
passed would make these statutory struggles moot.

"We fully expect the California Supreme Court to destroy marriage for a man and
a woman," former Assemblyman Larry Bowler, R-Elk Grove, a proponent of the
VoteYesMarriage.com amendment, said in a news release issued Monday. "At least
four justices on that San Francisco bench are against the broad majority of
California voters, who want marriage preserved and protected. The high court
could deal a low blow to the voters by creating so-called 'same-sex marriages'
in late 2007 or early 2008."

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com or (510) 208-6428. Read the
Political Blotter at InsideBayArea.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              219 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             April 3, 2007 Tuesday

State high court gets first briefs on same-sex unions

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: LOCAL; Tribune; Times-Star

LENGTH: 803 words


Gay-marriage advocates filed their opening briefs Monday with California's
Supreme Court, firing the first salvo in the final battle over whether the
state's statutory ban passes constitutional muster.

The city and county of San Francisco filed a brief Monday, as did 15 same-sex
couples, Equality California and Our Family Coalition, represented by a legal
team including the National Center for Lesbian Rights, Lambda Legal, the
American Civil Liberties Union, and other attorneys. Those hoping to sustain the
same-sex marriage ban must answer by June 1.

Once all the briefs are filed, the state's highest court will schedule oral
arguments on whether state law's same-sex marriage ban violates gays' and
lesbians' rights to equal protection under the law by discriminating on the
basis of sexual orientation; their personal-autonomy rights under the state
constitution's privacy clause; or a fundamental right to marry under the state
constitution.

By denying marriage to gay couples, "the state segregates them and their
families from the rest of society, continuing to marginalize them," said the
brief filed by San Francisco, which fueled the debate by issuing marriage
licenses -- later voided -- to same-sex couples in 2004.

"This separation sends a powerful message -- one that reinforces in the public
mind the already entrenched inferior status of lesbians and gay men.

The message is easily understood: the state will recognize, but it will not
honor, lesbian and gay family relationships."

San Francisco Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer in March 2005 ruled the
statutory same-sex marriage ban serves no rational purpose and
unconstitutionally denies same-sex couples equal protection. But the state Court
of Appeal, in a

2-1 ruling issued Oct. 5, concluded the ban doesn't violate anyone's
constitutional rights and marriage's definition is best left to the people and
lawmakers rather than courts. The Supreme Court in December agreed to hear these
six consolidated cases.

San Francisco's brief argues the Court of Appeal erred by framing the question
as whether the state constitution offers a fundamental right to "same-sex
marriage."

"By defining the right with reference to the group excluded from exercising it,
the majority ran afoul of both United States and California Supreme Court
precedent," the brief claims. "Past courts have not treated marriage claims by
interracial couples as involving the right to 'mixed race marriage,' by a
prisoner as the right to 'prisoner marriage,' or by a parent delinquent on child
support as 'deadbeat parent marriage.'"

The couples' and organizations' brief urges the court not to buy into their
opponents' argument that marriage should remain exclusively heterosexual merely
because it always has been so: "A constitutional harm does not become immune
from constitutional scrutiny, however, merely by virtue of its longevity."

"One overarching question pervades this case: whether the California
Constitution permits the majority to treat those in the minority in a way the
majority would never accept for itself, simply because it wants to and has done
so for a long time," that brief says.

Arguing against same-sex marriage are the state Attorney General's office, which
is duty-bound to defend existing state law; the conservative nonprofit Campaign
for California Families; and the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education
Fund, named for the 2000 ballot measure passed by 61 percent of voters to
reinforce an already-existing statutory ban on same-sex marriage.

Meanwhile, the battle continues in the Legislature as well.

The Assembly and state Senate in 2005 narrowly approved a bill to permit
same-sex marriage, but Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed it. Its author,
Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, reintroduced it in December; it's
scheduled for an April 10 hearing before the Assembly Judiciary Committee, but
Schwarzenegger has vowed to veto it once again.

Some social conservatives are hoping the legal and legislative battles -- and
the publicity they create -- will spur as-yet-sluggish efforts to place on the
ballot a state constitutional amendment prohibiting gay marriage, which if
passed would make these statutory struggles moot.

"We fully expect the California Supreme Court to destroy marriage for a man and
a woman," former Assemblyman Larry Bowler, R-Elk Grove, a proponent of the
VoteYesMarriage.com amendment, said in a news release issued Monday. "At least
four justices on that San Francisco bench are against the broad majority of
California voters, who want marriage preserved and protected. The high court
could deal a low blow to the voters by creating so-called 'same-sex marriages'
in late 2007 or early 2008."

Contact Josh Richman at jrichman@angnewspapers.com or (510) 208-6428. Read the
Political Blotter at InsideBayArea.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              220 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          Inside Bay Area (California)

                             April 3, 2007 Tuesday

State high court gets same-sex marriage briefs

BYLINE: By Josh Richman, STAFF WRITER

SECTION: SAN MATEO

LENGTH: 804 words


Gay-marriage advocates filed their opening briefs Monday with California's
Supreme Court, firing the first salvo in the final battle over whether the
state's statutory ban passes constitutional muster.

The city and county of San Francisco filed a brief Monday, as did 15 same-sex
couples, Equality California and Our Family Coalition, represented by a legal
team including the National Center for Lesbian Rights, Lambda Legal, the
American Civil Liberties Union, and other attorneys. Those hoping to sustain the
same-sex marriage ban must answer by June 1.

Once all the briefs are filed, the state's highest court will schedule oral
arguments on whether state law's same-sex marriage ban violates gays' and
lesbians' rights to equal protection under the law by discriminating on the
basis of sexual orientation; their personal-autonomy rights under the state
constitution's privacy clause; or a fundamental right to marry protected by the
state constitution.

By denying marriage to gay couples, "the state segregates them and their
families from the rest of society, continuing to marginalize them," said the
brief filed by San Francisco, which fueled the debate by issuing marriage
licenses -- later voided -- to same-sex couples in 2004.

"This separation sends a powerful message -- one that reinforces in the public
mind the already entrenched inferior status of lesbians and gay men. The message
is easily understood: the state will recognize, but it will not honor, lesbian
and gay family relationships."

San Francisco Superior Court Judge Richard Kramer in March 2005 ruled the
statutory same-sex marriage ban serves no rational purpose and
unconstitutionally denies same-sex couples equal protection. But the state Court
of Appeal, in a 2-1 ruling issued Oct. 5, concluded the ban doesn't violate
anyone's constitutional rights and marriage's definition is best left to the
people and lawmakers rather than courts. The Supreme Court in December agreed to
hear these six consolidated cases.

San Francisco's brief argues the Court of Appeal erred by framing the question
as whether the state constitution offers a fundamental right to "same-sex
marriage."

"By defining the right with reference to the group excluded from exercising it,
the majority ran afoul of both United States and California Supreme Court
precedent," the brief claims. "Past courts have not treated marriage claims by
interracial couples as involving the right to 'mixed race marriage,' by a
prisoner as the right to 'prisoner marriage,' or by a parent delinquent on child
support as 'deadbeat parent marriage.'"

The couples' and organizations' brief urges the court not to buy into their
opponents' argument that marriage should remain exclusively heterosexual merely
because it always has been so: "A constitutional harm does not become immune
from constitutional scrutiny, however, merely by virtue of its longevity."

"One overarching question pervades this case: whether the California
Constitution permits the majority to treat those in the minority in a way the
majority would never accept for itself, simply because it wants to and has done
so for a long time," that brief says.

Arguing against same-sex marriage are the state Attorney General's office, which
is duty-bound to defend existing state law; the conservative nonprofit Campaign
for California Families; and the Proposition 22 Legal Defense and Education
Fund, named for the 2000 ballot measure passed by 61 percent of voters to
reinforce an already-existing statutory ban on same-sex marriage.

Meanwhile, the battle continues in the Legislature as well.

The Assembly and state Senate in 2005 narrowly approved a bill to permit
same-sex marriage, but Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger vetoed it. Its author,
Assemblyman Mark Leno, D-San Francisco, reintroduced it in December; it's
scheduled for an April 10 hearing before the Assembly Judiciary Committee, but
Schwarzenegger has vowed to veto it once again.

Some social conservatives are hoping the legal and legislative battles -- and
the publicity they create -- will spur as-yet-sluggish efforts to place on the
ballot a state constitutional amendment prohibiting gay marriage, which if
passed would make these statutory struggles moot.

"We fully expect the California Supreme Court to destroy marriage for a man and
a woman," former Assemblyman Larry Bowler, R-Elk Grove, a proponent of the
VoteYesMarriage.com amendment, said in a news release issued Monday. "At least
four justices on that San Francisco bench are against the broad majority of
California voters, who want marriage preserved and protected. The high court
could deal a low blow to the voters by creating so-called 'same-sex marriages'
in late 2007 or early 2008."

Contact Josh Richman at  jrichman@angnewspapers.com or (510) 208-6428. Read the
Political Blotter at InsideBayArea.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 3, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              221 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                           November 5, 2015 Thursday
                              Late Edition - Final

Houston's Vote on an Anti-Bias Law

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; LETTERS; Pg. 26

LENGTH: 528 words


To the Editor:

Re ''Houston Voters Repeal Measure Ensuring Rights'' (front page, Nov. 4):

I am against discrimination in any form. But this case is not simple. By lumping
in transgender identity issues with human rights, we are confusing two
completely separate issues. Whether someone identifies as a particular gender
does not necessarily mean that that person should be given the right to use
facilities that are biologically segregated, especially if that person is
pre-operative and still has the physical makeup of man or woman even though he
or she identifies as a woman or man.

I understand the push for transgender rights, but I think that at some point
those rights are going to have to be balanced out with the general rights of
privacy for all. To lump gender identity issues in with the broader issues of
anti-discrimination for gays only serves to marginalize the majority of gays. No
easy answers come to mind.

LAURA TONWE

Ann Arbor, Mich.

To the Editor:

My partner and I were going to go see the Mark Rothko exhibit in Houston, the
Menil Collection and the Rothko Chapel. We would have stayed one or two nights
at a nice hotel, hit a few upscale eateries, and paid for taxis, airport taxes
and hotel taxes. That trip has been canceled.

You can have your hate, Houston. But you can't have my money.

TODD B. ROSIN

Seattle

To the Editor:

In Tuesday's front-page article ''U.S. Says Transgender Student Has Rights in
the Locker Room,'' we were told that a school violated anti-discrimination laws
because a transgender student who was originally male was not allowed to shower
and change in a locker room with the other students who identified themselves as
female.

On Wednesday we heard that Houston had repealed an ordinance banning
discrimination against multiple groups including transgender people. Those who
championed the repeal denied being discriminatory. They claimed that they did
not want males in female public restrooms. Those against repeal called
proponents of the repeal bigots, and said those fears were unfounded.

If the next anti-discrimination bill has a clause excluding those with the
genitalia of one gender from the restrooms of the other, we may find out if
those against such ordinances are bigoted, or if they are trying to protect
their 12-year-old daughters.

LAWRENCE HALPERIN

Altamonte Springs, Fla.

To the Editor:

While I am sure there are those in Houston who are celebrating the fact they
have defended the sanctity of our restrooms from the L.G.B.T.Q. community, it is
a mark against their character and conscience that the only way they could do it
was to use such a puerile line of reasoning.

A more mature electorate would have found a better way to register their
discontent.

MICHAEL SCOTT

San Francisco

To the Editor:

Transgender rights haven't caught up to where gay equality stands. The mistake
made here was in trying to combine them and get both through. They are separate
issues, with different protagonists and antagonists, different concerns and
different core rights. It isn't a setback for gay rights per se, but a flawed
referendum meeting with defeat.

CATHERINE S. COX

Johnstown, Pa.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/11/05/opinion/houstons-vote-on-an-anti-bias-law.html

LOAD-DATE: November 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              222 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 13, 1995, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT Edition

DURBIN CRITICIZES DELAY ON MEAT RULES

BYLINE: Elissa Leibowitz Post-Dispatch Washington Bureau

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 386 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Republican plans to delay the implementation of new rules on meat and poultry
inspection are "literally a matter of life and death," Rep. Richard J. Durbin,
D-Ill., said Wednesday.

Republicans say that the proposed changes need more review and that critics of
their plans are trying to "emotionalize and marginalize" a complex issue.

The Department of Agriculture proposed the changes in February after completing
its investigation of an outbreak of illnesses and some deaths two years ago in
the Pacific Northwest that was linked to E. coli bacteria in hamburgers.

The tougher inspection rules, originally set to take effect immediately, would
be delayed at least nine months under an amendment to the agricultural
appropriations bill now before the House. Durbin will move to scrap the delay
when the appropriations bill comes up for House floor debate, perhaps as early
as today.

"Delaying modernization of our meat and poultry inspection system invites human
tragedy which can be avoided," Durbin said at a news conference Wednesday.

Republicans say adopting the regulations now would put an unfair burden on the
meat industry, which would have to implement costly practices within three
months. A survey of industry leaders in Missouri and Kansas suggests that 85
percent of small meat and poultry companies would be forced to close if they had
to comply.

"We recognize that there is a regulatory responsibility, but we want to make
sure it's done right," said Ron Anderson, an aide to Rep. James T. Walsh,
R-N.Y., sponsor of the Republican plan.

Durbin, senior Democrat on the House Appropriations agriculture subcommittee,
worked for four summers during college at Hunter Packing in East St. Louis. He
said exemptions in the law and help from the federal government would ease small
companies into new practices.

"Our goal is not to put them out of business but to advance them
scientifically," Durbin said.

The changes proposed by the Agriculture Department would set scientific testing
requirements for meat and poultry, ending decades of reliance on touch, sight
and smell of meat.

More than 5 million Americans get sick and 4,000 die annually from contaminated
food, costing more than $ 4.5 billion in medical bills and lost productivity,
according to the Safe Food Coalition.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 1995

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1995 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              223 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                             April 12, 2010 Monday

Tea party protests planned for tax day

BYLINE: Jeremy Wallace

SECTION: B; COLUMNIST; Pg. BN01

LENGTH: 1016 words


A year after the national tea party movement caught fire, local activists hope
to see a similar outpouring of passion when they hit the Sarasota Bayfront on
Thursday afternoon.

Hundreds of people are expected to fill the roadway along U.S. 41 to protest
what they say is out-of-control government spending and out-of-touch
politicians.

"We have to wake up the community," said Chrissy Prazeres, a Bradenton mother of
two. "We feel what is going on is taxation without representation."

Prazeres said instead of running out of steam, the movement is picking up
support because of the passage of the health care reform bill that she and
others opposed.

"They are not listening to the people," Prazeres said.

The tea party events coincide with tax day on April 15 and get their name
because organizers compare them to the original Boston Tea Party in 1773.

While some have tried to marginalize the people who are participating in the tea
parties, Prazeres said that is a mistake. She said people like herself are
regular patriotic Americans who are not traditionally involved in politics but
feel they can no longer sit back.

"We fear for the future and our safety," Prazeres said.

The rally at the Sarasota Bayfront runs from 4 to 7 p.m.

It won't be the only meeting in the region. In Venice, a group meets starting at
5 p.m. at the corner of U.S. 41 and Shamrock Drive.

In Manatee County, another rally is to run from 5:30 p.m. to 7:30 p.m. at Mixon
Fruit Farms, 2712 26th Ave E. Bradenton.

Rubio returns

The last time U.S. Senate candidate Marco Rubio spoke at the Sarasota Republican
Club, he was 20 points behind Gov. Charlie Crist in public polling for the GOP
nomination and was trying to combat rumors that he was ready to drop out of the
race.

What a difference six months makes.

When Rubio speaks to the club Thursday night, he will be doing so as the
favorite in the race. And this time, it is Crist who is having to fight rumors
he will drop out of the primary race and run as an independent.

While speaking to a political science class at the University of South Florida
St. Petersburg last week, Crist denied rumors he would run as an independent and
questioned whether the polls accurately reflect the race.

"I don't know where it is right now," Crist said. "Frankly, I don't know what
credibility to give any poll. Only one matters, and that is on election day."

Rubio speaks to the Republican Club of Sarasota at 4 p.m. Thursday at the
Sarasota Yacht Club, 1100 John Ringling Blvd., Sarasota.

Cost is $25 for members, and $27 for guests. For reservations and more
information, call (941) 378-5619.

The winner of the August primary will likely face Miami Democrat Kendrick Meek
in November.

Another challenger

A second Democrat has announced plans to run for Congress against U.S. Rep. Vern
Buchanan, R-Longboat Key.

Venice High graduate and U.S. Air Force veteran Rick Eaton said there are not
enough people in Washington working to fix what ails the economy.

"Nothing is getting done," Eaton said.

Eaton, who calls himself an environmentalist with experience fighting to
preserve wetlands, has less than a month to qualify for the ballot. Candidates
for the U.S. Congress must qualify by April 30 by either paying a $10,000 fee or
collecting nearly 5,000 signatures. Eaton said he has not begun raising money
for the race.

The Rev. James T. Golden, a Bradenton Democrat, has also announced he plans to
run for the 13th Congressional District seat, which represents all of Sarasota,
Hardee and DeSoto counties, plus most of Manatee and a portion of Charlotte
counties.

If Golden and Eaton both qualify for the Democratic primary, they will give
Democratic voters something they have grown accustomed to around here. In four
of the last five races for the 13th Congressional District, Democrats have had a
primary battle. All of those primary winners, dating back to 2000, lost in the
general election to the Republican.

Area political events

Today. Former City Commissioner David Merrill and lawyer Dan Lobeck, who favor
Amendment 4, will debate County Commissioner Jon Thaxton and construction and
real estate attorney Phil Hammersley, who oppose the so-called Hometown
Democracy measure, at the Sarasota Council on Neighborhood Associations meeting
at 7 p.m. at the Sarasota Garden Club, 1131 Boulevard of the Arts, Sarasota.

Tuesday. Retired WEDU chief executive Richard Lobo speaks to the Longboat Key
Democratic Club about his experience in public broadcasting, radio and
newspapers at ll:30 a.m. at the Chart House Restaurant on Longboat Key. For more
information call Jane Albaum, 387-4362. Cost is $25.

Wednesday. Pulitzer Prize-winning journalist Linda Greenhouse speaks at the
Forum Truth lecture series at 7:30 p.m. Greenhouse covered the U.S. Supreme
Court for the New York Times for 30 years. Greenhouse speaks at Holly Hall, 709
North Tamiami Trail, Sarasota. Cost is $20 for members and $25 for non-members.
For tickets, go to www.forumtruth.org or call 349-8350.

&bull; The Manatee Chamber of Commerce holds a discussion on the potential
impacts of Amendment 4 on the November ballot. The meeting begins at 11:30 a.m.
at the Manatee Chamber's Lakewood Ranch Office at the McClure Center, 4215
Concept Court, Bradenton. Cost is $10 for chamber members; $12 non-members. For
reservations contact Lisa at 748-4842, ext. 123; or LisaR@ManateeChamber.com

&bull; The Sarasota County Democrats hold their monthly meeting starting at 7
p.m. at The Mullen Center, 4956 City Center Boulevard, North Port.

Friday. USF Professor Susan MacManus speaks at the Sarasota County League of
Women Voters Annual Meeting at noon Friday at Laurel Oak Country Club, 2700 Gary
Player Boulevard in Sarasota. MacManus will preview the 2010 midterm elections.
Cost is $25 per person. For reservation information, call (941) 921-9778 or
e-mail lwvsc@verizon.net

&bull; Lakewood Ranch Republican Club holds a candidate debate for Manatee
County Commission District 4 starting at noon at the Lakewood Ranch Golf &
Country Club, 7650 Legacy Boulevard, Lakewood Ranch. For reservations, go to
www.lwrrc.com or call 753-7843. Cost is $20.

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2010 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              224 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   November 6, 2003, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Hateful, not conservative, views marginalize student groups

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 373 words

How could USA TODAY print the headline "Conservative students say they're
marginalized" ("On campus: Free speech for you but not for me?" Cover story,
News, Monday)?

Whether an organization or person is conservative has nothing to do with
decisions to prohibit certain groups or ideas from the public forum. Instead,
school administrators are forbidding an environment where hate, individualism
and repression are encouraged. Being conservative and being discriminatory are
two different things. I applaud those schools listed in USA TODAY for refusing
to allow students to promote prejudice.


The groups with permission to form -- the "leftist" groups -- do not preach
racism and discrimination, but promote unity and the understanding of all types
of people.

There always will be people who express hate toward others. Like the rest of us,
they deserve places to discuss and promote their ideas. A publicly funded
college campus, however, is not one of them.

Chris Wolfe

Chicago

Liberal professors

I was delighted to read your article on free speech on campus. Even when I was
in college in the 1940s, the percentage of left-wing, liberal professors was
much higher than that of conservative professors. Now many professors make it
difficult for conservative students to express their ideas without being put
down.

I would be interested to learn why liberal, left-wing people are attracted to
the field of education.

Elizabeth D. Whitbeck

Waterville, Ohio

Silence hate

Sometimes I can't believe what I read. Is there actually a movement on college
campuses to give racist, sexist, homophobic conservative students the right to
harass and make fun of minorities in the name of free speech?

Such people shouldn't even be allowed on college campuses, let alone be granted
the ability to spread their ignorance freely.

One student was quoted as saying "You're not automatically a bigot if you don't
agree with (homosexuality)." I think you are.

I'm tired of conservatives making bigoted comments and hiding behind freedom of
speech. Yes, you can have your opinions -- but you have no guaranteed right to
be able to spread hate, especially on a college campus.

Robert Laine

Brooklyn, N.Y.

LOAD-DATE: November 06, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, B/W, Tim Dillon, USA TODAY; Conservative voice silenced: Jason
Mattera, 20, of Roger Williams University in Bristol, R.I., saw his newspaper's
funding frozen over controversial articles.

TYPE: DEBATE

                      Copyright 2003 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              225 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                             March 24, 2006 Friday

correction

LENGTH: 211 words


Several readers were curious about the identification of Jim and Mary Jean
Smith, who wrote a Viewpoint column ("Wisconsin amendment aims to marginalize")
published March 19.

In terms of Catholic law, the identification was inaccurate.

The Smiths, now of Chetek, Wis., identified themselves as having served as
"co-pastors" in Roman Catholic churches in Alaska and Wisconsin, and the Pioneer
Press accepted that identification with their Viewpoint piece. In Alaska, the
couple says they were hired by the Diocese of Northern Alaska at Fairbanks for
the mission Holy Family Church in the Yukon community of Holy Cross. In Lima,
Wis., the Smiths lived in the rectory and managed the day-to-day operations in
the Diocese of La Crosse church, work that had been done by nuns before them.
The priest serving then in Durand also ministered at Lima.

According to Catholic law, only priests, not lay people, are called "pastor."

When the Smiths identified themselves in the Viewpoint column as "co-pastors,"
Jim Smith said later, "we were using it generically."

He said the couple did everything a pastor would do except administer
sacraments. He also said, "We should have been more careful with what we said.
It was not our intent to make people think we were legal 'pastors'."

LOAD-DATE: March 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              226 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 17, 2012 Tuesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Embarrassed by Bad Laws

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 24

LENGTH: 542 words


A year ago, few people outside the world of state legislatures had heard of the
American Legislative Exchange Council, a four-decade-old organization run by
right-wing activists and financed by business leaders. The group writes
prototypes of state laws to promote corporate and conservative interests and
spreads them from one state capital to another.

The council, known as ALEC, has since become better known, with news
organizations alerting the public to the damage it has caused: voter ID laws
that marginalize minorities and the elderly, antiunion bills that hurt the
middle class and the dismantling of protective environmental regulations.

Now it's clear that ALEC, along with the National Rifle Association, also played
a big role in the passage of the ''Stand Your Ground'' self-defense laws around
the country. The original statute, passed in Florida in 2005, was a factor in
the local police's failure to arrest the shooter of a Florida teenager named
Trayvon Martin immediately after his killing in February.

That was apparently the last straw for several prominent corporations that had
been financial supporters of ALEC. In recent weeks, McDonald's, Wendy's, Intuit,
Mars, Kraft Foods, Coca-Cola and PepsiCo have stopped supporting the group,
responding to pressure from activists and consumers who have formed a
grass-roots counterweight to corporate treasuries. That pressure is likely to
continue as long as state lawmakers are more responsive to the needs of big
donors than the public interest.

The N.R.A. pushed Florida's Stand Your Ground law through the State Legislature
over the objections of law enforcement groups, and it was signed by Gov. Jeb
Bush. It allows people to attack a perceived assailant if they believe they are
in imminent danger, without having to retreat. John Timoney, formerly the Miami
police chief, recently called the law a ''recipe for disaster,'' and he said
that he and other police chiefs had correctly predicted it would lead to more
violent road-rage incidents and drug killings. Indeed, ''justifiable homicides''
in Florida have tripled since 2005.

Nonetheless, ALEC -- which counts the N.R.A. as a longtime and generous member
-- quickly picked up on the Florida law and made it one of its priorities,
distributing it to legislators across the country. Seven years later, 24 other
states now have similar laws, thanks to ALEC's reach, and similar bills have
been introduced in several other states, including New York.

The corporations abandoning ALEC aren't explicitly citing the Stand Your Ground
statutes as the reason for their decision. But many joined the group for
narrower reasons, like fighting taxes on soda or snacks, and clearly have little
interest in voter ID requirements or the N.R.A.'s vision of a society where
anyone can fire a concealed weapon at the slightest hint of a threat.

In a statement issued on Wednesday, ALEC bemoaned the opposition it is facing
and claimed it is only interested in job creation, government accountability and
pro-business policies. It makes no mention of its role in pushing a law that
police departments believe is increasing gun violence and deaths. That's
probably because big business is beginning to realize the Stand Your Ground laws
are indefensible.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 The New York Times Company


                              227 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 19, 2015 Sunday

Division Among Ohio Democrats

LENGTH: 590  words

DATELINE: Washington, DC


U.S Republican Party has issued the following news release:

Over the weekend, Northeast Ohio Media Group reports that Ted Strickland
received the endorsement from Ohio Democratic Party endorsement:

Former Ohio Gov. Ted Strickland now has the official backing of the Ohio
Democratic Party in his bid to challenge Republican U.S. Sen. Rob Portman in
2016.

The party's 150-member executive committee decided Saturday to give Strickland
the nod. The former governor is trying to head off a primary challenge from a
fellow Democrat, Cincinnati City Councilman P.G. Sittenfeld.

Strickland may have secured the party's nomination, but P.G. Sittenfeld is not
backing down. The Columbus Dispatch reports:

Sittenfeld spokesman Dale Butland complained that the [Ohio Democratic Party's]
endorsement "smacks of a backroom deal orchestrated by party insiders" that "
marginalizes rank-and-file Democrats." He said Sittenfeld would stay in the
race.

"We're determined to let the people decide," Butland said.

Many Sittenfeld supporters have expressed concerns with the Ohio Democratic
Party's chosen Senate nominee:

"I'm afraid if Ted Strickland is our candidate and he goes unchallenged in the
primary, that the general election will be about the past," said former Ohio
Democratic Party chairman and Sittenfeld backer Jim Ruvolo. "It won't be about
the future. I don't think we can win if the election's about the past."

Rank-and-file Democratic supporters were not the only ones upset with the Ohio
Democratic Party's decision to give Strickland an early endorsement.

The Columbus Dispatch highlights Ohio Supreme Court Justice Bill O'Neill's
scathing criticisms of the Ohio Democratic Party's decision to endorse
Strickland over Sittenfeld:

"Leave the Ohio Democratic Party immediately," O'Neill wrote to his 2,462
followers. "I have just learned that they have made an endorsement in the US
Senate race for my dear friend Ted Strickland. When you see Ted, give him a hug
and kiss him goodbye. He is a walking dead man."

O'Neill goes on to say that the endorsement makes it clear that the party
learned "nothing" from the devastating losses of 2014.

"And now I am told the brain trust who LOST EVERY SINGLE STATEWIDE OFFICE IN
2010 is back and in charge," he wrote. "Run people. Run. The inmates are running
the asylum."

Contacted by phone, O'Neill said he stands by his words. "I'm concerned about
the future of the Ohio Democratic Party," he said, adding that the party over
the last three cycles has "amassed a history of losses that is an embarrassment
to those of us who have worked inside the party for the past 40 years."

With divisions among Ohio Democrats only continuing to grow, all signs point to
costly and time-consuming Democratic primary on the horizon.

The Columbus Dispatch outlines:

One of the biggest disadvantages to a primary is money. Portman has $8 million
in the bank.

U.S. Rep. Joyce Beatty, D-Jefferson Township, who backs Strickland, said she
worries that a primary will be "a drain on resources." She said it will be
particularly acute in 2016, when the Senate candidate must compete with
presidential, judicial, congressional and local candidates for donors' money.

With growing dissent from grassroots Democrats and both Democratic candidates
struggling to match Senator Rob Portman's fundraising prowess it looks like Ohio
Democrats face an uphill battle in the road to 2016.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 20, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              228 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                            August 9, 2006 Wednesday
                              Correction Appended
                                 Metro Edition

LETTER FROM WASHINGTON;
TV anchors threaten to limit next year's convention coverage

SECTION: NEWS; LETTER FROM WASHINGTON; Pg. 11A

LENGTH: 623 words


As the Twin Cities and a handful of other American cities vie for the honor of
hosting the 2008 national political conventions, changes are underway that could
further marginalize their value as tools to grab the country's attention and
shape the presidential campaign.

The key change could be a long-threatened boycott by the big TV network anchors,
who might stay home. If the evening newscasts aren't anchored from the
conventions, that would make it easier for the networks to scale back prime-time
coverage of them even more. That would be one more step in the continual decline
of what once were grand spectacles of political power and democracy at work.

The reason, of course, is that the conventions stopped being loud, messy,
unpredictable - and interesting - a half-century ago.

That's when they stopped being the place where rival candidates bargained and
cajoled for delegate votes.

Since the 1950s, candidates have won their votes in primaries and shown up at
the increasingly scripted conventions to accept nominations already
long-decided.

To be sure, there have been exceptions that grabbed the nation's attention:
Riots outside the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago; a
down-to-the-wire fight between Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan for the 1976 GOP
nomination in Kansas City, Mo.; and discussion of a possible Reagan-Ford
co-presidency at the 1980 convention in Detroit.

But mostly, the conventions are a snore, one that more and more people tune out.

In 2004, the major networks aired only one hour of live coverage a night.

Now comes the next step.

The two parties will hold their 2008 conventions back to back for the first time
in history. The Democrats will have theirs Aug. 25-28, and the Republicans the
next week, Sept. 1-4. (The party that holds the White House always goes second.)

That means the Democratic candidate will have at best only three days to ride
the bounce out of the convention before the attention of the already-limited
political audience turns to the Republican convocation.

Olympics and money

Going earlier would have meant being crowded off at least one network by
coverage of the Summer Olympics. Going before the Olympics, as the Democrats did
in 2004, would force them to spread out - and thus dilute - the federal
taxpayers' money made available for the post-convention fall campaign.

With the conventions back to back, at least some network officials have told
party organizers they want both conventions in the same city. That would cut the
cost of shipping all the TV equipment.

At a recent gathering of Democrats in Denver - one of the cities hoping to land
the Democratic convention - some party members buzzed that the TV pitch would
lead to a Minnesota win, with one convention in St. Paul and the other in
Minneapolis.

"It would make it easier for TV, but it's not possible," said Aaron McLear, a
Republican National Committee spokesman. "The staging, the lighting is all
different for each party. They need time to set up."

Even if they managed to find different venues for the conventions themselves,
the two gatherings would overlap at other sites for parties and headquarters,
McLear said.

The result?

"The networks might use it as an excuse not to send the anchors," said one TV
official, who asked not to be identified because it could be controversial.
"They would stay in New York, and we would just send correspondents to the
conventions."

Of course, one option would ensure that the anchors go to the convention city -
if it's New York. But anywhere else on the parties' list of finalists -
Cleveland, Denver, Tampa, Minneapolis-St. Paul - might end up anchorless.

Steven Thomma is chief political correspondent for the McClatchy Washington
bureau. He is at sthomma@mcclatchydc.com

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

CORRECTION-DATE: August 10, 2006 Thursday



CORRECTION: The headline to this story incorrectly reported when the next
national political conventions will take place. They will occur in 2008.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2006 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              229 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                       June 29, 2001 Friday, Home Edition

'Steady as she goes' is unheard aboard CNN;
Even Ted Turner is feeling seasick

BYLINE: PHIL KLOER, MATT KEMPNER

SOURCE: AJC

SECTION: News; Pg. 15A

LENGTH: 510 words


A little over a year ago, CNN threw itself a 20th anniversary birthday bash in
Philips Arena, with entertainment by Diana Ross and the Supremes and much
patting of backs.

Today, many of the key people who celebrated that night are gone, as Ted
Turner's empire has been shaken to its core by the merger of AOL and Time
Warner.

Tom Johnson's sudden resignation Thursday as chairman of the CNN News Group is
the latest in a staggering string of resignations, firings and reorganizations
that have hit CNN hardest but have reverberated throughout Turner Broadcasting
System.

Well before a single position changed at Turner's organization, Ted Turner
himself had seen what was coming. He complained that the AOL and Time Warner
merger would marginalize him and cut him off from the empire he had founded,
which included CNN, TBS, TNT, Cartoon Network and the Atlanta Braves and Hawks.
Today, Turner is vice chairman of AOL Time Warner and its largest single
stockholder, but makes no pretense that he has any real power in the company.

"I've already been fired," he told the Washington Post earlier this year.

The AOL merger was formally sealed in January, but months before the papers were
signed, CNN executives were making pre-emptive moves, trying to get leaner and
meaner for their new corporate parent. Last August, CNN announced its biggest
restructuring ever, forcing out president Rick Kaplan, elevating executive Jim
Walton and transferring Turner executive Phil Kent to CNN.

In January, CNN laid off about 400 staffers, 10 percent of its work force. Among
those who left in the tumult were Jim Moret, who had anchored the network's
ratings-rich O.J. Simpson trial coverage; Greg LaMotte, who had covered the
Persian Gulf War; and Larry Woods and Barbara Pyle, longtime employees who were
so close to Ted Turner that they had been invited to his small, private wedding
to Jane Fonda.

Also in January, the heads of CNN Business News and Headline News departed.

The biggest surprise came in March: Jamie Kellner, the California-based chief of
the WB network, was named chairman and chief executive of Turner Broadcasting.
He took the place of Terry McGuirk --- who had been Turner's right-hand man
since the '70s when they ran a single local independent TV station together.
McGuirk has gone into semi-retirement but was named chief executive of Turner
Sports Teams.

Kellner has praised CNN's journalistic integrity and said he would preserve it,
but he has also talked about the network's need for more "showmanship." He
appointed Garth Ancier, another former entertainment executive, as his main
lieutenant.

Kellner quickly focused on CNN, promising that the network would take a clear
ratings lead over upstart rival Fox News Network within a year. But morale at
CNN has been shaken, both by continued uncertainty about job security and the
network's ratings woes. Employees talk about a news operation still struggling
to steady itself. With Johnson's sudden resignation, CNN has yet another change
it will have to weather.

LOAD-DATE: June 29, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo:
Although Ted Turner is vice chairman of AOL Time Warner, he says: "I've already
been fired,"

                    Copyright 2001 The Atlanta Constitution


                              230 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   InfoWorld

                                  May 15, 2000

E-business power politics

By Ephraim Schwartz

SECTION: TOP OF THE NEWS; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 920 words

SAVVY BRICK-AND-mortar companies are starting to create their own online
 marketplaces for their industry's supply chain as part of a trend that could

 marginalize a number of startup exchanges that have emerged in various
 industries over the past several months.

 Major companies in the technology, automotive, and convenience store segments

 of the economy are opting to maintain control over their supply chains by
 becoming ASPs (application service providers) to their suppliers rather than

 ceding control over their supply chain to third-party companies.

 Most of those efforts take one of two forms. Companies such as Sun, Dell,
 Nortel, and IBM are building their own business-to-business exchanges for
 their suppliers, whereas major companies in both the automotive and
 convenience store segments have created exchanges to serve all their members

 equally.

 For example, the National Association of Convenience Stores, in Alexandria,
 Va., is building an exchange that can be accessed by all of its 119,000
 members. And earlier this year, Ford and General Moters decided to lead an
 effort to create their own exchange.

 The automakers will still maintain assembly operations but are moving toward

 being system managers of suppliers and components, engineering and design,
 sales and marketing, and scheduling and distribution. These are the
 operations being targeted by exchanges, but outsourcing the services makes no

 sense for manufacturers, according to industry analysts, when they already
 own the IT infrastructure, the knowledge base, and the supplier connections.


 "Ford and Boeing have 24/7 capability [and] clustering that scales to
 millions of users. They have the IT, the data, the knowledge, and the
 supplier relationships [which they can] expose as ASP capabilities to the
 world of suppliers and get paid for it," said Jim Ivey, CTO at e-business
 collaboration solutions vendor Structural Dynamics Research Corp. (SDRC), in

 Cincinnati.

 As might be expected, technology companies are leveraging their skills to
 jump on this trend early. One of the first major players with a project
 underway is Sun Microsystems' access.sun.net initiative which runs an online

 marketplace for its hundreds of suppliers in conjunction with supply-chain
 management partner i2, said Tony Levy, director of business marketing at i2,

 in Irving, Texas.

 The exchange goes seven levels deep, modeling virtually all the Sun server
 architecture so that suppliers can collaboratively share their forecasts for

 supply and demand.

 According to Al Ormiston, vice president at Sun and general manager at eSun
 -- the division responsible for building the portal -- in Palo Alto, Calif.
 Sun is catching signals coming out of the marketplace on the front end and
 then using that information inside of a portal to collaborate with suppliers.


 "It has given us incredibly consistent production and planning and [has]
 enabled us to provide predictable lead times. It has taken cycles out of the

 supply chain," Ormiston said.

 As well as the lure of potential profits from becoming an ASP,
 brick-and-mortar companies are responding to the fact that using an exchange

 requires them to give up intellectual capital by revealing their proprietary

 knowledge, observers said. This issue means that manufacturers are worried
 about an erosion of their power base.

 "No one wants to work in areas where you have to exchange intellectual
 capital. Look, the only way Ford differentiates among its competitors is its

 brand name and 100 years of acquired knowledge about building cars," SDRC's
 Ivey said.

 "Manufacturing is becoming a smaller and smaller part of a producer's
 value-add," said Scott Crompton, director of Global Automotive Practice at
 SeraNova, in Edison, N.J.

 In contrast, by managing their own exchanges, top-tier producers will be able

 to manage the bulk of their business on their own. They also are able to
 offer a carrot to their suppliers, especially for those without a
 sophisticated IT infrastructure, by adopting this approach. The carrot is not

 necessarily more business, but a business that collaborates with the major
 producers in the manufacturing process. Indeed, the exchange-as-ASP model
 works especially well for smaller suppliers that lack IT sophistication.

 "The final guy in the supply chain can't afford the Oracle database. The
 technology in these domains must cut across levels of sophistication," said
 Peter Osborne, partner in charge, E-Business Practice, at consultancy
 Deloitte & Touche, in San Jose, Calif.

 According to Jeff Kavanaugh, director of supply-chain fulfillment at systems

 integrator Inforte in Chicago, collaboration and coordination will allow
 companies to solve next week's product problems rather than last week's.

 "The value proposition is improving the interaction, not the transaction,"
 added Michael Crosno, CEO of Epicentric, in San Francisco.


LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2000 InfoWorld Media Group


                              231 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            February 2, 2015 Monday

Push back on testing

BYLINE: By Michelle Malkin

LENGTH: 574 words


Moms and dads, you have the inherent right and responsibility to protect your
children. You can choose to refuse the top-down Common Core racket of costly
standardized tests of dubious academic value, reliability and validity.

I'm reminding you of your right to choose because the spring season of testing
tyranny is about to hit the fan. Do you object to the time being taken away from
your children's classroom learning?

You are not alone, although the testing racketeers are doing everything they can
to marginalize you.

In Maryland, a mom of a 9-year-old special needs student is suing her Frederick
County school district to assert her parental prerogative. Cindy Rose writes
that her school district "says the law requires our children be tested, but (the
district) could not point to a specific law or regulation" forcing her child to
take Common Core-tied tests.

The vigilant mom warns parents nationwide: "While we are being treated like
serfs of the state, Pearson publishing is raking in billions off our children."

Pearson is the multibillion-dollar educational publishing and testing
conglomerate "" not to mention a chief corporate sponsor of Jeb Bush's fed-ed
ventures "" that snagged $23 million in contracts to design the first wave of
so-called "PARCC" tests.

The Partnership for Assessment of Readiness for College and Careers raked in
$186 million through the federal Race to the Top program to develop the
nationalized tests "aligned" to the Common Core standards.

As more families, administrators and teachers realized the classroom and cost
burdens that the field-testing scheme would impose, they pressured their states
to withdraw. Between 2011 and 2014, the number of states actively signed up for
PARCC dropped from 24 (plus the District of Columbia) to 10 (plus D.C.).
Education researcher Mercedes Schneider reports that the remaining 10 are
Arkansas, Colorado, Illinois, Maryland, Massachusetts, Mississippi, New Jersey,
New Mexico, Ohio and Rhode Island.

Don't let the bureaucratic smoke screens fool you. A federal No Child Left
Behind mandate on states to administer assessments is not a mandate on you and
your kids to submit to the testing diktats. And the absence of an opt-out law or
regulation is not a prohibition on your choice to refuse.

In Colorado, the state Board of Education voted last month to allow districts to
opt out of PARCC testing. Parents and activists continue to pressure a state
task force "" packed with Gates Foundation and edu-tech special
interest-conflicted members "" to reduce the testing burden statewide.

In Colorado Springs, where I have a high-schooler whose district will sacrifice
a total of six full academic days for PARCC testing this spring, parents are
calling the testing drones' bluff about schools losing their accreditation and
funding.

"The Colorado Department of Education is threatening schools to ensure that 95
percent of students take these tests," an El Paso County parent watch group
reports. "Be assured that many parents across Colorado "" far above 5 percent in
many schools "" are refusing the tests, and not one school yet is facing the
loss of accreditation, funding, etc."

Be prepared to push back against threats and ostracism. Find strength in
numbers. And always remember: You are your kids' primary education providers.

Michelle Malkin is the author of "Culture of Corruption: Obama and his Team of
Tax Cheats, Crooks and Cronies" (Regnery 2009).

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2015 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              232 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           December 20, 2014 Saturday

Washington: Did Unqualified Students Get Favorable Treatment at University of
Texas?

LENGTH: 426  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

Supporters of University of Texas President Bill Powers have for months worked
mightily to deny or to marginalize evidence lawmakers were pulling strings to
get unqualified students admitted to the university.

A new trove of public records demonstrates that many of Powers' most vocal
defenders -- key alumni association members, an education coalition, politicians
and witnesses involved in a series of impeachment hearings -- have been involved
in subverting university's admissions process.

The records also show the Texas Exes alumni association and the Texas Coalition
for Excellence in Higher Education were, in effect, two more arms of Powers'
public relations team.

The emails were first obtained but not published by Tony McDonald, legal counsel
for the conservative advocacy nonprofit Empower Texans.

On Jan. 31, 2013, Leslie Cedar, CEO of the Texas Exes, wrote to Tom Gilligan,
dean of the McCombs School of Business, suggesting Gilligan admit a student who
had been rejected in exchange for a $25,000 donation, according to one of the
emails.

The applicant's father, apparently, "hasn't done much giving but was about to
cut you a 25k check," Cedar wrote. The original request came from Richard
Leshin, former president of the Texas Exes, who is close to Powers and to South
Texas power brokers Carlos Zaffirini and his wife, state Sen. Judith Zaffirini.

Earlier this year, Leshin, a Corpus Christi lawyer, wrote an op-ed in the San
Antonio Express-News denouncing as "outlandish propaganda" reports that the
university was admitting sub-par students because of political influence.

Gilligan got back to Cedar and Leshin within a half-hour, offering a deal in
which the applicant "will be admitted into McCombs upon completing several of
the prerequisites (e.g. Calculus, Statistics, Microeconomics, Macroeconomics)
with good grades (around a 3.5 GPA). Will that work?"

Gilligan declined to comment.

Leshin is a founding member of the Texas Coalition for Excellence in Higher
Education, a group of Longhorn insiders established to maintain the status quo
at UT. Members of the coalition and the alumni association have been quoted in
dozens of news articles, creating the appearance of broad support for Powers.

Far from being independent voices, the email records find the coalition and the
alumni association often looped in on message coordination emails from Powers'
PR staff.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              233 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday
                                 THIRD EDITION

YOUR VIEWS - LETTERS FROM OUR READERS OPINION

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A12

LENGTH: 1195 words

DATELINE: 0


Labor: A countervailing force to corporate power and wealth

The demonization of public employees in Wisconsin and across America is the
latest demagogic tactic in the effort to marginalize collective bargaining in
America.

The budgetary woes facing governments are a function of the meltdown of the
capital markets in 2008 and the recession. This meltdown was not caused by
teachers, firefighters or police officers but by the greed of financial
institutions insufficiently constrained by regulation or ethics. Malefactors of
the meltdown were rewarded with bailouts; public employees are being scapegoated
for partisan advantage.

To what extent public employees contribute to their health insurance or pensions
is a legitimate issue. What is not legitimate is Wisconsin Gov. Scott Walker's
assertion that his state's budgetary challenges require the evisceration of
collective bargaining for most public employees, irrespective of monetary
concessions. That Mr. Walker determined that Wisconsin could afford more than
$100 million in corporate tax breaks shows that his stance is a thick slice of
ideological baloney.

The business and conservative groups that refuse to recognize the role of
collective bargaining in creating and maintaining the middle class are
conducting an unprecedented attack on unions, including in Missouri. That they
are doing so a year after the Supreme Court allowed unlimited corporate
contributions to influence elections is no coincidence.

If the union-busters and their corporate benefactors cripple unions to the point
of effectively eliminating collective bargaining, there will be no meaningful
countervailing force to corporate power, either in workplaces or polling places.
The ideologically extreme anti-worker forces in America will not be satisfied
until American wage-earners can't negotiate for terms and conditions. At that
point, the wrecking ball will have been put to what's left of the American
middle class.

Cary Hammond - St. Louis

They can do better

When I read "The Mean Girls & Boys Club" (Feb. 20), I almost fell off my chair.
It strikes me as not only mean-spirited but wasting the representatives' time
and the taxpayers money for these representatives to be sponsoring the bills
listed. I'm not sure whether their proposals indicate their immature thoughts,
bullying tactics or actions that might get them more votes (if that works, I'd
be shocked).

The one that hit me the hardest was Senate Bill 222. State Sen. Jane Cunningham,
in a letter to me, said that she wants to protect children. Really?

What was even more telling was that most of the proposals were to punish poor
people, immigrants (legal and illegal) and non-English speakers, children,
non-Christians, workers and maybe even cancer patients.

Another telling feature was that most of the bills favor business. I wonder why.

C'mon guys and gals, certainly you can do better than that.

Dorothea G. Duba - St. Louis County

Next up: The Misguided Club

Hats off to the editorial staff for its diligent work in reviewing the nearly
1,000 bills introduced in the Missouri House and Senate so far this year. The
resulting list of "mean bills" in "The Mean Girls & Boys Club" (Feb. 20) is both
interesting and predictable.

Pointing fingers at the GOP in 10 of the 11 examples was not surprising. Nor
were most of the arguments. For example, the editorial stated that a bill
requiring photo identification for the privilege of voting somehow is a
"partisan" activity. It isn't; it's common sense. By the way, you also need a
photo ID to cash a check or board an airplane. Is that partisan?

Hopefully, the Mean Girls & Boys Club is just the beginning. Future editorials
could identify members who support legislation involving entitlements, fiscal
irresponsibility or tax-and-spend policies. You could call it "The Misguided
Girls & Boys Club."

Al Heinermann - O'Fallon, Mo.

Get out

Regarding "The Mean Girls & Boys Club" (Feb. 20): Surely, no one could have
overlooked that of the 12 sponsors of the "mean" bills in the Missouri
Legislature, 11 are Republican. Even if the editorial staff was a bit selective
in choosing which bills to discuss, 92 percent is pretty convincing.

Why do we send these people to Jefferson City? To get them out of town?

O.T. Harris - Fulton, Mo.

Counter the ill will by spreading the loot

I prefer to think of the bills mentioned in "The Mean Girls & Boys Club" (Feb.
20) as tough love. Still, regardless of your perspective, I have come up with an
idea that is certain to boost the opinion of those state representatives in the
eyes of the individuals most affected by these bills.

When a legislator receives more free football tickets or rounds of golf from
lobbyists than he can use, he could pass the item on to the downtrodden as a
gesture of good will. If a legislator receives 30 tickets to the "Border Wars"
game but can use only 25, he can send the remaining five tickets to mothers
receiving Temporary Assistance for Needy Families so that they can go to the
game (providing they pass drug testing). If a legislator is invited to play the
south course at Torrey Pines, he could try to find a couple of kids to caddy
(California caddies make minimum wage plus tip). This is a win-win situation as
far as I can tell. The disenfranchised would get the impression that our state
legislators aren't that mean after all. Because the gifts were donated,
legislators wouldn't even have to report them to the Ethics Committee.

I truly believe this has the potential of turning bad publicity into a major
media coup for our beleaguered elected officials. Sometimes you just have to
think outside of the (tee) box.

M. Dunne - Wildwood

Trashy people

It was very refreshing to see the citizens of Cairo, Egypt, go back and clean up
the mess they left during their protest. I am sure Americans will take notice.
Unfortunately, Americans are the trashiest people I have seen in the world.

I have lived in many foreign countries, including more than one Third World
country, and nowhere do you see the sort of mess that is left after the St.
Louis Mardi Gras parade or Oktoberfest in Baden.

Here, everything is thrown out the car window onto other people's land, farms,
fields, creeks, you name it. And then we hear complaints our drinking water is
not clean or our food has chemicals in it. It is time for a wake-up call,
America.

Richard L. Largen - Bethalto

"1 ton futly"

The Associated Press story "Tracing the Washington surname" (Feb.2 1) brought
back such a fond recollection of a man I new only as T. Washington.

In the 1960s, he operated a one-man hauling business and delivered organic
fertilizer to our family's plant nursery. His handwritten invoices read, "1 ton
futly."

"I'm not much of a scholar," he explained when he sometimes brought me rescued
books. He walked with a limp, one foot jammed into a turned-over work boot.
"Burned in a fire when I was a child," he confided in one of our many talks.

I remember tears in his eyes when Medicare was passed. After all those years he
was "going to get my foot looked after."

He had such integrity and quiet strength, giving his surname new dimensions. God
bless you, Mr. T. Washington.

Shirley F. Giebel - St. Louis

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              234 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                            August 30, 2005 Tuesday

Solid Gold Dance Journal

BYLINE: PIA CATTON

SECTION: ARTS & LETTERS; Pg. 13

LENGTH: 1022 words


Luring new eyes to the world of dance is what Patsy Tarr's interdisciplinary
journal 2wice is all about. So called because it is published semiannually,
2wice is an energetic celebration of photography, dance, and visual art - all
put together in a beautiful package.

Each volume is devoted to a one-word theme chosen by Ms. Tarr and her artistic
director, Abbott Miller of the design firm Pentagram. In the current issue
(available at bookstores or through 866-882wice),the idea is "Gold"- as in New
York City Ballet dancer Tom Gold. Ms. Tarr and Mr. Miller asked four
photographers to shoot the dancer in different situations, all of them inspired
by the poems of Pulitzer Prize-winner Charles Simic. The results are printed in
individual booklets, each one perfectly tucked into a folder on heavy paper
stock emblazoned with the word "gold" on the cover in shimmering letters,
designed by Elsa Peretti, courtesy of Tiffany & Co.

Interdisciplinary, yes, but there's a larger goal at work, too. The idea,
according to Ms. Tarr, who serves as the editor in chief, is "to de-marginalize
dance for both performers and writers, to place them in a magazine with great
writing and photography about other subjects."

Ms. Tarr, a petite brunette who grew up and still lives in San Remo, is also a
consistent patron of the arts. She founded the 2wice Arts Foundation in 1997
with the goal of publishing the magazine, and also making financial grants to
dancers. The recipients are then invited to be on the advisory board and to be
photographed for 2wice.

"I'm funding. I'm publishing. I'm distributing. It just all comes together in a
unique way," she said.

Though 2wice has been showered with awards from other design publications, Ms.
Tarr seems more bemused than boastful - this is, after all, a labor of love.

"We don't have an office or anywhere that we all meet or sit down," she said. To
illustrate the point, she shows off her "office," which is a long hallway and
corner that leads to the master bathroom.

Moreover, Ms. Tarr is not a disaffected publishing type who sought to create her
own vanity rag. She attended a small women's college in Pennsylvania where she
studied philosophy. Upon returning home to New York, she took a job in the
public relations office of a Wall Street firm that had recently gone public. The
firm needed to produce an annual report each year, and it fell to the youngster
to put it all together - a project that later came in handy.

"When I came to publishing, I at least had some idea of what to do," she said.

The job wasn't a keeper. But a handsome contract bridge player she met turned
out to be very much of one. After marrying her husband Jeff, Ms. Tarr had two
children, both of whom now live nearby on the Upper West Side.

Along the way, she kept up the interest in dance that she had developed as a
child. "I went to New York City Ballet my whole life, and a lot of modern dance
concerts at City Center," she said.

She gradually became more involved in the arts world, serving on boards like
that of choreographer Trisha Brown. She also got to know dancers and dance
writers, many of whom felt increasingly that there was not enough room for dance
in mainstream publications.

"I knew some dance critics, and all they talked about was that they had no place
to have their writing published," she said.

In response, Ms. Tarr created a quarterly magazine called Dance Ink.
Advertising, however, proved to be a major challenge: "It was highly regarded,
but there was just no income."

The closure of Dance Ink was a dark day, but out of the ashes came the idea for
a new kind of magazine. "I figured that instead of publishing quarterly, I could
publish semiannually," she said. "It would still be the same budget, but I
thought I could make a go of it if I made the product a little different, with
four-color printing and not every story relating to dance."

Indeed, the magazine is guided more by what is beautiful and fits the theme
rather than what is newsworthy in dance right now. The previous issue, "Formal,"
included photos of dancers in black and white glamour-wear, but also plenty of
objets d'art.

Like the pages of 2wice, the Tarr family's park-view apartment is also full of
art, some of it dance-related, some of it simply beautiful.

Recently, two photographs by Andrew Moore were delivered to the Tarr residence.
The images - taken at the Bolshoi Ballet costume shop - are loaded with color,
as well as that anticipatory quality that comes with all shots taken backstage.

"We put Andrew Moore's work in 2wice. I just love his work," she said. "He's
just all about color."

Photography has played an increased role in Ms. Tarr's world since launching
2wice. Each issue is largely based on photography - whether of dancers or
vintage handbags. Which means Ms. Tarr has to do some homework to find her
photographers.

"I get the New Yorker. I follow the listings, and I run around," she said,
adding that her go-to galleries include Yancey Richardson, Staley-Wise, and
Sonnabend.

But sometimes photographers find her. Phillip Toledano, whose work appears in
the current issue of 2wice, simply began e-mailing Ms. Tarr. It didn't seem like
a natural pairing at first: Mr. Toledano is a still-life photographer. Mr. Tarr,
though, was intrigued by the idea and brought him in for the current issue.

While Ms. Tarr spends time keeping tabs on the world of photography, she's also
an obsessive dance-watcher. She sees most major modern dance performances, and
on any given Tuesday or Thursday, she's likely to be found in the audience of
New York City Ballet: "I have three subscriptions."

And all of those 8 p.m. curtains leave little time for entertaining at home or
socializing outside of a theater. Indeed, Ms. Tarr's time is not devoted to
cocktail parties - or picking out what to wear to them. "I'm not much of a
shopper. I love Geoffrey Beane," she said.

What pleases Ms. Tarr is working to bring dance to a wider audience and helping
to make it as accessible as other art forms. Or, as she puts it, "to show people
that dance isn't separate and it isn't strange. It's just like everything else -
fabulous."

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              235 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                         September 30, 1998, Wednesday

A RACIAL TV BATTLE
BLACKS RIP SITCOM ABOUT LINCOLN BUTLER THAT FINDS HUMOR IN SLAVERY

BYLINE: By DENENE MILLNER Daily News Staff Writer

SECTION: New York Now; Pg.  37

LENGTH: 1243 words


Somebody at United Paramount Network finds "The Secret Diary of Desmond
Pfeiffer" funny but blacks don't think the network's new sitcom is any laughing
matter.

Based on early publicity, "Pfeiffer," about a slave who becomes a key adviser in
Abraham Lincoln's administration, has sparked a fierce controversy among
African-Americans who say the show's premise is racist and degrades the memories
of those who suffered and died enslaved.

Over the past week, unhappy viewers have stationed themselves outside UPN's Los
Angeles headquarters with picket signs. And a call for a nationwide boycott has
lit up discussion on the Internet chat circuit, as well as black-oriented radio
and television stations across the country.

The half-hour show debuts Monday locally on Ch. 9.

Joe Madison, a former chairman of the NAACP Image Awards, said African-Americans
are upset because "Pfeiffer" seems to "maintain the cultural conditioning that
undervalues, underestimates and marginalizes those things important to the black
community." I can't think of anything that is funny about slavery nothing.

"It's no more funny to us than it would be for a Jewish person to find anything
funny about concentration camps."

Tim Gordon, entertainment editor at Washington, D.C.'s WWOL radio station and
host of "The Tim Gordon Entertainment Show," has called for a boycott of the
Baltimore-area UPN affiliate and its sponsors. He said "Pfeiffer" is "not only
ignorant but irresponsible."

"It's easy for everyone to say, 'This is all entertainment you shouldn't take it
seriously,' " Gordon said. "But . . . you can't ever make fun of slavery."

UPN, which also has come under fire for its insensitive, stereotypical
portrayals of blacks on such shows as "Goode Behavior" and "Homeboys in Outer
Space," defends "Pfeiffer" as "comedy."

"The series does not find humor in slavery, nor does it contain racist images,"
UPN says in a statement posted on its Web site (www.upn.com). "We assure you
that our aim is not to offend but to entertain."

The statement also says UPN "boasts more black viewers than any other network"
and that numerous key positions there are occupied by a "diverse array of on-air
talent" that is "unmatched by any broadcast television network."

It concludes with critiques of the show from assorted newspapers and online news
services including one in which a Newsday critic calls the show "stupid," then
adds that "there's a place for stupid."

But African-American opponents of the show have not been dissuaded. Leila
Lawrence, an attorney from New Jersey, said that even if the show is meant as
"meaningless fluff," it's only acceptable if the networks give equal time to
"intelligent, stimulating and non-offensive African-American programing."

"A program about President Lincoln's butler/ slave can never be viewed as
intelligent, stimulating, non-offensive or even meaningless fluff," said
Lawrence, who sought a boycott from E-mail pals on the Net.

The show centers on the memoirs of Desmond Pfeiffer (Chi McBride), an English
nobleman who, after being forced out of his country, ends up in Lincoln's White
House as butler and the President's most trusted adviser.

"Pfeiffer" is meant to satirize contemporary politics and current events the
now-delayed episode takes on a Clintonesque tone when Mary Todd Lincoln accuses
the President of having an affair with his busty, blond secretary.

Pfeiffer also offers up a few "Say whats?" and other Ebonics-style sayings as he
degrades and humiliates the President and his staff, which includes a
not-so-smart Lincoln with homosexual tendencies, an insecure, ugly First Lady, a
drunken Gen. Ulysses S. Grant and a racist chief of staff who constantly tries
to put Pfeiffer in his place.

In one exchange, the chief of staff, Mr. Kilborne, orders a lounging Pfeiffer to
remove his feet from the kitchen table.

"Slaves," he says, "haven't been emancipated yet."

Pfeiffer counters that he and Kilborne are "both men, both human beings, both
equals." Kilborne guffaws and says: "Hello? You're in America. I can't wait to
tell the boys that one at the meeting tonight."

Pfeiffer tells him to be sure to arrive on time so that he can get his "torch
and a bedsheet in a 40-regular," an apparent reference to Ku Klux Klan garb. The
laugh track booms.

UPN executives and the show's stars declined through a network publicist to
speak to the Daily News. But McBride, who played a janitor on "The John
Larroquette Show," acknowledged to the Dallas Morning News that some people
won't like the show.

But, he added, "so what?"

"You can find something to be offended about in everything," McBride said,
including, he added, a game of pool, " 'Cause that's where the white ball chases
the black ball off the green table."

"I mean, come on, man!"

Co-creator Mort Nathan told the Dallas paper that "Pfeiffer" rivals satirical
offerings from Monty Python, Mel Brooks and even the Three Stooges.

"It's done with a wink, and it makes us laugh," Nathan said. "I don't think
there's any harm behind it."

Still, a host of blacks do.

"This is not about being too sensitive," Madison said. "None of us is opposed to
comedy. You just simply don't make fun of one of the most treacherous chapters
of American history.

"Quite honestly, I hope that [the show] dies such a fast death and they bury it
so deep that a hundred cans of yeast won't be able to raise it."

SIDEBAR: 'SECRET' IS OUT: THE DISCOURSE ON 'DESMOND PFEIFFER'

HERE'S WHAT PEOPLE ARE SAYING ON the Internet about "The Secret Diary of Desmond
Pfeiffer," the controversial UPN show (Mondays, 9 p.m.):

The UPN network, which caters to the lowest-common denominator on the
intelligence range on a normal basis, has gone and done it again . . . tell UPN
that the Stepin Fetchit days are OVER! Stop watching UPN! Let them know that if
they can't respect us, they don't need our viewership or our dollars! There
certainly wouldn't be a sitcom about the Irish potato famine or the Holocaust,
so there's no reason for us to be yukking it up about slavery.

Dr. Cecil C. Gray, chairman, African-American Studies, Gettysburg (Pa.) College

I am not a TV watcher, and when I do decide to tune in, it will never be to UPN.
I have heard the Jamie Foxx show is very good, but unfortunately, UPN has
forever lost my viewership.

Tara Gresham, credit manager, Alexandria, Va.

The sitcom is based during the Civil War, and though no show comes to mind that
attempts to make a comedy of that era (with good reason), "Desmond Pfeiffer"
practically avoids the major issues of the time . . . This show is not where we
should point our greatest energies of protest. We expect that the program will
be canceled due to lack of merit, entertainment-wise, anyway.

The editors of Electronic Urban Report, an online entertainment magazine

UPN has shown malice to African-Americans by putting "The Secret Life of Desmond
Pfeiffer" on the air . . . Chi McBride is a sellout . . . he (sounds) like the
character he plays on the show, a house Negro.

Fancy Bryant 3rd, Oakland, Calif.

I'm going to watch the show and make my own judgments. Erik Moses, Washington

I arranged for a diverse group of African-Americans to view the pilot episode
with me. I was shocked and disgusted . . . Please join with the swelling number
of us to defuse this blatant display of racism.  Tia James, Scottsdale, Ariz.


LOAD-DATE: October 02, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: UP IN ARMS: From left, Max Baker, Dann Florek, Chi McBride and
Christine Estabrook on a presidential voyage CIVIL WAR: Chi McBride has the
title role in The Secret Diary of Desmond Pfeiffer, about a slave who serves as
White House butler in the Lincoln administration (top).

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              236 of 999 DOCUMENTS

              San Gabriel Valley Tribune (San Gabriel Valley, CA)

                           February 27, 2003 Thursday

California continues to blaze anti-smoking trail

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 505 words


Teens:

California, the first state to ban smoking inpublic buildings -- including
restaurants, bars and even outdoor athletic stadiums -- is leading the way again
with a new anti-smoking initiative. The California legislature is about to vote
on a bill that will bar the sale of tobacco products to those younger than 21.
Right now, you have to be 18 to legally feed your smoking addiction.

More power to the state of California! Smoking isn't merelyan annoyance -- it's
a worldwide heath scourge. Responsible governmental agencies must continue the
effort to marginalize this activity in every way they can. Millions of lives are
at stake.

Researchers at the American Cancer Society, the World HealthOrganization and
Great Britain's Imperial Cancer Research Fund estimate that 3 million people die
each year worldwide from the use of tobacco products -- and the number is
increasing.

"By the time the younger smokers of today reach old age,there will be,
worldwide, 10 million deaths a year from tobacco," Richard Peto writes in the
book "Mortality From Smoking in Developed Countries, 1950-2000," a publication
of the three health organizations.

And the majority of these deaths will be females, becausesmoking continues to
attract females. Dr. Alan Lopez of the World Health Organization adds that
smoking will kill one in two smokers.

These are shocking statistics. Anything that puts the brakeson the spread of
this deadly habit is a positive move. That's why I favor California's proposed
increase in the minimum age to buy cigarettes. Yes, many young people will still
find ways to get ahold of tobacco even if the bill passes, but untold numbers of
potential smokers will have one more excuse never to start.

Dear Dr. Wallace:

We bought our 12-year-old son abicycle for his birthday. We also bought him a
certified safety helmet for his protection. Our problem is that he doesn't want
to wear the helmet when he rides his bike. He says it's awkward and unnatural.
What can we do to impress on him that it is necessary to wear his helmet? --
Parents, Moline, Ill.

Parents:

Simply put, you must not allow your son toride his bicycle without wearing his
helmet. If he disobeys, he can no longer ride his bike.

According to the Department of Transportation's NationalHighway Traffic Safety
Administration, 1,200 bicyclists are killed every year, 900 in collisions with
motor vehicles; another 1 million bicyclists are injured annually. No fewer than
75 percent of these deaths are due to head injuries.

In case your son hasn't figured it out yet, cars are biggerand faster than
bicycles; and bikes don't have airbags. If he hits a car, or a car hits him, he
will most likely fly into it head-first. His sole protection is that "awkward,
unnatural" helmet.

According to a nationwide survey conducted by the AmericanHealth Foundation, 59
percent of the children questioned did not wear a helmet the last time they rode
a bike. If I were you, I'd make sure my son was one of the other 41 percent.

LOAD-DATE: October 27, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

   Copyright 2003 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.


                              237 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                    NOVEMBER 28, 2003 Friday CITY-D EDITION

Kucinich says he's unfairly written off;
The candidate says the media cover the horse race,
not issues. That, he says, keeps him back in the pack.

BYLINE: Carl Chancellor INQUIRER NATIONAL STAFF

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A25

LENGTH: 744 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Presidential candidate Dennis J. Kucinich is complaining that political
reporters have slapped a voter-advisory "can't win" label on him and have given
his presidential aspirations short shrift. This, the four-term Ohio congressman
says, is unfair.

His campaign press secretary, David Swanson, said some members of the national
media thought it was their responsibility, not the voters' job, "to narrow the
field." The mass media, he said, are trying to marginalize Kucinich and belittle
his chance of winning.

The media have "a passion for covering elections like a horse race," Swanson
said, "saying who is ahead in the polls by an inch, rather than covering the
issues, the candidates' platforms, and what they will mean for America if
elected."

Too many political journalists, he contended, have donned the mantle of
"gatekeeper . . . deciding for their readers which candidates are electable."

For example, earlier this month, after former Vermont Gov. Howard Dean announced
his endorsement by three labor unions, several news organizations declared Dean
"unstoppable," "pulling away from the pack," and "the man to beat."

Democracy is endangered when the media declare who is and is not a serious
contender even before the first primaries, Swanson said. "Saying who is in the
first tier, who is in the second tier, disempowers people," he said. "People get
the feeling that someone powerful is making the decisions, that their vote won't
make a difference, so they lose interest in voting."

A number of factors

News editors counter that their coverage is linked to measurable indexes such as
poll standings and fund-raising figures. According to leading November polls,
when individuals who identified themselves as Democrats or leaning Democratic
were asked whom they most likely would support for the party's presidential
nomination, Kucinich scored near the bottom. No more than 3 percent of
respondents to the CBS/New York Times, Newsweek, NBC/Wall Street Journal and
Gallup polls said they would vote for him.

In those same polls, Dean, Gen. Wesley Clark, Rep. Richard A. Gephardt of
Missouri, Sen. John Kerry of Massachusetts, and Sen. Joe Lieberman of
Connecticut drew much stronger support.

In the two early-voting states where victory would propel any candidate into a
blitz of media and public attention, Kucinich scored 3 percent support in Iowa
and 1 percent in New Hampshire in the latest polls.

Likewise, when it comes to raising money, Kucinich lags far behind. The reported
$3.35 million in his war chest compares with $25 million for Dean, $20 million
for Kerry, $13.6 million for Gephardt, and $11.7 million for Lieberman.

'Need to be careful'

Kelly McBride, a member of the ethics faculty of the Poynter Institute, a
journalism training center based in St. Petersburg, Fla., voiced some sympathy
for Kucinich's complaint.

"It's still early in the race," McBride said. "Newsrooms need to be careful
about space for candidates and not favor one or two candidates over the others."

However, she added, newsrooms "can't ignore the fact" that there are
front-runners.

"It's not a problem to repeat what the polls are saying," McBride said. But it
is a problem, she said, when newsrooms interpret polls with "loaded" words such
as fringe candidate or characterize a campaign as a vanity run, both terms
sometimes pinned on Kucinich.

"I'm not a purist, and I know you can't give inch-for-inch coverage," McBride
said. "But as journalists, we have to make sure we are covering the Democratic
hopefuls rather than covering Clark and Dean."

Still, when nine Democrats are vying for the nomination, balancing coverage
becomes more difficult.

"When you have nine candidates, you are going to have complaints about
fairness," said Peter Bhatia, executive editor of the Oregonian, Portland's
daily newspaper, and president of the American Society of Newspaper Editors.

John Green is director of the University of Akron's Ray C. Bliss Institute,
which specializes in the study of political campaigns. He said Kucinich's
complaint of media bias was nothing new.

"It's a legitimate complaint," Green said. "The media, particularly television,
cover elections like a horse race. It's who's ahead, who's going to win. . . .
What a candidate has to do is demonstrate progress in raising money or progress
in rising in the polls. A 10 percent rise in the polls, and suddenly you become
a factor."

LOAD-DATE: August 18, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO;
MARK DUNCAN, Associated Press
Rep. Dennis J. Kucinich's team says the media's treatment of who is and is not a
contender endangers democracy.

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              238 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            November 13, 1995 Monday

Name game

BYLINE: Trenton Paul,; GAM

LENGTH: 372 words

DATELINE: Toronto ONT


Your article Names in the World Series (Truth and Rumours - Oct. 21) is a
manifestation of the ignorance many white people have with regard to
aboriginal people. The piece raises several points. First, by offsetting
the term politically correct with quotation marks, you imply that the
"fuss" surrounding the World Series is not a legitimate issue of concern
from your perspective. In fact, use of the term politically incorrect
essentially works to marginalize the moral repugnance of racism. It is not
just "politically incorrect," it is downright offensive! Second, by
attempting to mitigate racist behaviour by employing the notion of good
intentions, your paper shows a lack of concern for the targets of racism.

In terms of the political correctness of the Atlanta-Cleveland series,
one just has to survey professional team sports to get an appreciation of
the aboriginal perspective. On the whole, names of professional teams
either accentuate the ferocity of the teams (Tigers, Grizzlies, Pirates)
or a specific characteristic of the team's locality (New York Jets,
Dolphins, Padres, Islanders and, arguably, the Celtics). The only teams
that use race are the Chiefs, Redskins, Indians, Braves and Blackhawks.
The lesson learned for young sports fans? Indians are either ferocious,
non-human or non-existent. Adding insult to injury are the team logos and
fan practices that visually and audibly express where white people are
coming from. In Cleveland, we have the lasting "tribute" to the Indian
from the State of Maine, a cartoonish, red, large-nosed, wide-grinned
Chief Wahoo. In Atlanta, we have tomahawk-chopping Ted Turner and Jane
Fonda, Robert Bly-inspired chanting, and formerly Chief Knock-a-homa, who
used to emerge from his tepee and dance rhythmically whenever an Atlanta
ballplayer knocked a "homa." You don't have to walk the entire mile in my
moccasins to see that this stuff is really offensive: The Brampton Blacks?
The Winnipeg Whiteskins?

In relation to the second point, good faith does not justify racial
epithets or racially offensive visual expressions. Calling me a "redskin"
or depicting me as a red-faced, wide-grinning cartoon will inflict harm
irrespective of whether or not you had good intentions.
  Trenton Paul,
  Toronto

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 1995 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              239 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          South Bend Tribune (Indiana)

                  January 21, 2004 Wednesday Marshall Edition

Notre Dame students say more dialogue needed;
Forum looks at ways to overcome divisions between minorities and whites on
campus

BYLINE: By GENE STOWE; Tribune Correspondent

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 571 words


SOUTH BEND -- Some University of Notre Dame students who gathered together for a
town hall meeting last week said they believe more needs to be done to overcome
divisions between minorities and whites on campus.

Breaking down those barriers needs to be done to make Martin Luther King Jr.'s
dream a reality, the students said.

"He knew it requires sacrifice," said one student at the meeting called "Wake Up
the Echo: A Voice for Change Then and Now." "That's something we're not very
good at on this campus," the student said.

About 75 people at the meeting agreed that focus on a homogeneous "university
community" at the predominantly white campus marginalizes minorities.

"If I'm going to survive, I've got to step out," said Tiffane Mahomes, a black
female student. "I'm not allowed to be comfortable. My world is infinitely
limited if I only hang out with black people."

She contrasted her campus life with her experience in Brazil.

"The divides there are very different," Mahomes said. "I can't remember a time
when I ever felt uncomfortable. When I came back to school, it was all back on
me again.

"It seems people don't know how to approach you because of the way you look. I
can walk through a group of majority students, and they will all move out of the
way. That's a feeling of awkwardness."

Many who spoke in the free-flowing conversation at the student lounge in the
campus ministry building said they find fellow students too protective of their
comfort zones.

* A white female student who said her high school was more diverse: "It was hard
for me to come to Notre Dame. I didn't realize how difficult it would be. I've
never experienced such division between groups of people."

* A female international student: "I feel on campus it's really divided. There's
some sort of unspoken rules. I don't really know why. Maybe it's because there's
an overwhelming majority. Their intentions might be misconstrued."

* A black male graduate student: "I've noticed what I think is a campus that's
divided. We've got to find a way for the majority students to come together with
the minority students."

* A white male student who said an egalitarian atmosphere stifles discussion:
"There's sort of a feeling where you don't want to recognize diversity. You
don't want to make this different person feel like they're different."

Student Tessa Garcia proposed starting a "Sustained Dialogue," a movement
originated at Princeton University that has spread to more than a dozen East
Coast schools.

In Sustained Dialogue, eight to 15 diverse students agree to meet twice a month
for two hours for confidential conversations and relationship-building.

"In order to understand one another, we have to meet on a regular basis," Garcia
said. "We have to develop a friendship first.''

"This will help you when you graduate and go into the work force. You will have
to know how to interact with different kinds of people."

Sophomore Trinidad Arredondo, who helped organize the meeting, said after the
meeting that he hopes Sustained Dialogue could help.

"I believe students at first will be a little afraid of the idea and of change,"
he said. "Again, those are the barriers we have to break, but I hope in time it
will be successful."

Students at the meeting said Notre Dame's emphasis on service is a start but
should lead to more -- "turning the service into action," organizer Melissa
Hentges said.


LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                 Copyright 2004 South Bend Tribune Corporation


                              240 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

RELIGION BILLS GET GOP PUSH

BYLINE: CRISTINA SILVA

SECTION: TAMPA BAY; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 842 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE



HIGHLIGHT: Lawmakers' proposals to allow prayer in school and funding of
religious groups are likely to pass.


Republican senators sat aghast Tuesday as Pace High School principal Frank Lay
described the religious ban at his public school.

"They stopped wearing crosses," he said of the Panhandle school's faculty. "They
put their Bibles away."

Sen. Stephen Wise, R-Jacksonville, urged action.

"We can lose our freedoms in America very fast," he warned.

Beset by tales of sectarian conflict and censored teachers, Republican
legislators are behind several efforts to expand religion's role in the
education system.

Under a measure sponsored by Wise, teachers would be allowed to pray with
children, behavior long frowned upon by opponents who say mixing faith and
public schools marginalizes some students. The legislation passed unanimously
Tuesday in the Senate's Education PreK-12 Committee, with proponents defending
it as a necessary protection of free speech. Versions of the bill (SB 1580/HB
31) have sailed through other committees in both the Senate and House.

Republican lawmakers are also behind a measure that would repeal the state's
century-old ban on funneling public dollars toward religious groups. The
proposed constitutional amendment could greatly expand Florida's controversial
private school voucher program.

If approved by three-fifths of the House and Senate, the bill (SJR 2550/HB 1399)
would be one of many sweeping changes facing voters on the November ballot. It
needs 60 percent of the vote to become law.

The bill amounts to "government-run religion," said Courtenay Strickland,
director of public policy at the American Civil Liberties Union of Florida,
which organized a news conference against the legislation at the Capitol earlier
this week.

Religious-tinged legislation has arisen in the traditionally conservative House
before, only to eventually die in the Senate. But, this year, as the Senate
continues to shift toward the hard right, proponents said the prospect of the
bills going all the way appears bullish.

Sen. Nancy Detert, chairwoman of the Senate's Education Committee, pointed out
that religion already plays a role in state government, where a faith leader
opens every floor session with an invocation.

"I have stood through some upsetting prayers where I rolled my eyes," said
Detert, R-Venice. "But it doesn't kill me to listen to someone else's prayer."

Religion in schools, however, is a historically polarizing subject. Introducing
certain faiths into the learning environment will inevitably leave children
vulnerable to indoctrination or intimidation, opponents argue.

"You are the ultimate role model for your children," said Sen. Frederica Wilson,
D-Miami Gardens, who criticized the so-called school prayer bill during
Tuesday's committee meeting. "They look up to you, and whatever you do they
consider that as correct or that is what they should do."

Opponents of the legislation who cite the First Amendment argue that using state
dollars to fund religious activity is a violation of constitutional protections
that prohibit state-sponsored religion.

Rich Templin, a spokesman for the Florida AFL-CIO labor organization, said
churches have called his organization to protest the ballot measure.

The measure's success, he said, "would set up a new cottage industry of
religious organizations sending lobbyists here competing for precious public
dollars. ... Invariably one denomination or one faith will be given preferable
treatment over another."

The proposed amendment would eliminate the following language from the state
Constitution: "No revenue of the state or any political subdivision or agency
thereof shall ever be taken from the public treasury directly or indirectly in
aid of any church, sect, or religious denomination."

It would add new constitutional language: "An individual may not be barred from
participating in any public program because that individual has freely chosen to
use his or her program benefits at a religious provider."

Sen. Thad Altman, R-Melbourne, acknowledged that the bill has drawn many
opponents. He said he would be willing to amend it to ensure its passage.

"This is a tough bill," he said. "I'm flexible."

On Friday, the House Majority Office sent out an e-mail to announce the bill
would not be sent forward. Staff director Todd Reid said Senate leaders had
expressed doubt about the bill, which prompted his e-mail.

Lawmakers then rallied behind the bill, indicating its widespread support among
the Republican majority.

"Today, people are educated and sophisticated enough. If they choose to allow
their children to go to a temple school, or a Catholic school or ... a
Seventh-day Adventist school, I think we've fulfilled the mission of public
education," said Rep. William Snyder, R-Stuart, chairman of the Criminal and
Civil Justice Policy Council, where the measure moved forward last week.

In Santa Rosa County, where educators, students and parents are still reeling
from last year's prayer ban, any change that protects informal religious
practices is welcome, teachers said.

"This is not about religion," Pace High School coach Mickey Lindsey said. "It is
about rights."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              241 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                                   Fringefolk

                                 P.O. Box 1232
                             Sun Valley,  CA 91353
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.fringefolk.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *
EMPLOYEES: 12

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   Fringefolk is the only site that provides a directory of protestors. The
corporate media consistently marginalizes us, and refuses to report the number
of people who show up at protests accurately; most people don't realize how many
of us are still angry. This is a way to make your voice heard. Fringefolk serves
as a constant, visible protest against the coup; it is proof that many Americans
refuse to "get over it".  The more people who join the directory, the more
effective this project will be.

* * * * * * * * * * FINANCIALS * * * * * * * * * *

REVENUE: USD 2,400,000

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              242 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          February 08, 1996, Thursday

ELECTION LAW COULD HAUNT NEW YORK

BYLINE: BY ROBERT W. LAIRD

SECTION: Editorial; Pg.  43

LENGTH: 602 words


YOU DON'T have to be a Bob Dole partisan to be distressed by the problems his
presidential campaign is encountering in the GOP primaries. All you need be is a
New Yorker, because the collapse of his candidacy once unthinkable but now,
according to the polls, a distinct possibility would be a major embarrassment
for this state. Worse, it could marginalize New York's national political
influence.

Why? The state's GOP leaders bet all their chips on Dole this year, and if he's
gone, New York's presidential primary is essentially meaningless.

Here's the deal: New York holds its primary on March 7, just 16 days after New
Hampshire. The Legislature switched the date from mid-April on the shrewd theory
it would maximize New York's clout. The Republican and/or Democratic races would
still be wide open then, went the thinking, making New York's primary pivotal.

Great idea. Trouble is, the Legislature neglected to take the next necessary
step and reform New York's scandalously restrictive election law.

The law makes it extremely hard for candidates to get on the ballot unless they
have the backing of their party's machine. In most cases you've got to be the
organization's man, or your name's on the cutting room floor.

This year's GOP organization man as designated by Sen. Alfonse D'Amato and State
Chairman William Powers is Bob Dole. Thanks to the D'Amato-Powers apparatus,
Dole is guaranteed a place on the ballot in every one of the state's 31
Congressional Districts. (That's how New York does it not statewide
qualification, but district by district.)

Of the eight other GOP hopefuls, only Steve Forbes and Pat Buchanan bucked
D'Amato-Powers and sent workers into the field to collect nominating petitions.
And the moment they filed their petitions, the Dole forces launched an all-out
offensive to disqualify them, taking advantage of the election law's many booby
traps and pitfalls.

That battle is still being fought in the courts. But as of yesterday Forbes was
on the ballot in only 27 of the 31 districts (nine of the 11 in New York City)
and Buchanan in just 11 districts (only one of which is in the city).

Which brings us back to Dole's potential fadeaway. If the Kansas senator is
defeated in Iowa and New Hampshire and bows out, the GOP nomination will be up
for grabs, giving New York, with its strategically timed primary, just the
opportunity it wanted to sway the outcome.

In which case, New York Republicans will . . . what? In some districts they'll
have no one but the departed Dole to vote for, meaning no vote at all. Elsewhere
the only other choices will be two guys who in the opinion of most analysts have
little real chance of getting the nomination. The rest of the Republican field
Lamar Alexander, Phil Gramm, Richard Lugar, et al.  will be nowhere in sight.

Even if Dole survives even if he goes on to win the nomination New York
shouldn't have been put in danger of such a fiasco.

Part of the blame rests with Al D'Amato and Bill Powers for rigging New York for
one candidate instead of permitting a proper, all-comers-welcome primary.

But the real villains are the members of the New York Legislature who have
refused repeatedly to reform the election law. In other states, it's relatively
easy for candidates to get on the ballot by paying a modest filing fee, for
example, or showing sufficient support in the polls.

New York's elected leaders reject such democratic measures. They cling to an
exclusionary system that virtually guarantees the election of party regulars
even when it humiliates and weakens the state.

LOAD-DATE: February 08, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1996 Daily News, L.P.


                              243 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                          September 8, 2010 Wednesday
                            0 South Pinellas Edition

MEEK, CRIST JOSTLE FOR TOP

BYLINE: ADAM C. SMITH, BETH REINHARD, Times/Herald Staff Writers

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 899 words

DATELINE: TAMPA



HIGHLIGHT: The Senate hopefuls strive to be seen as the best alternative to
Marco Rubio.


It's approaching do-or-die time for Charlie Crist and Kendrick Meek.

To have any shot at prevailing in Florida's unprecedented three-way U.S. Senate
race, Crist needs to marginalize Democratic nominee Meek, who in turn needs to
knock down lingering perceptions that he can't win.

"The next 10 days are critical for Kendrick Meek because he really has to show
Democrats in this state and in Washington in particular that he has a shot, that
he's a viable candidate who can win,'' said Republican consultant John Wehrung.
"There's a blinking red light in the corner of Kendrick Meek's eye warning him
that Charlie Crist is stealing all his Democrats and he needs to find a way to
get them back, like now."

It may be Florida's first statewide race featuring three serious contenders, but
at this stage Republican nominee Marco Rubio, 39, can largely float above the
fray while independent Crist, 54, and Democrat Meek, 44, vie to be the main
alternative to Rubio. Crist is banking on winning strong support from Democratic
voters, largely with a simple message: "I can win."

That implies, of course, that Meek can't.

Never mind that the Miami congressman defied skeptics by raising millions of
dollars in the primary and then overwhelmingly beat billionaire rival Jeff
Greene. He still faces skepticism fueled in part by grim polling.

The average of recent polls compiled by Pollster.com shows Rubio with 37 percent
support, Crist with 34 percent and Meek a distant third with 17 percent.

"This is a race between two candidates - Charlie Crist, an independent leader
who will go to Washington to fight for the people of Florida, and Marco Rubio, a
partisan politician who will go to Washington to fight for party bosses and
special interests that got America into this mess in the first place," said
Crist campaign spokesman Danny Kanner.

Labor Day traditionally kick-starts the campaign season, and on Tuesday both
Crist and Meek launched their first TV ads of the general election.

Crist's spot featured the candidate promising to "take the best ideas of
Democrats and Republicans to get things done," while Meek's highlighted his
Democratic credentials. The Meek ad notes that he is the only candidate who
consistently opposed offshore drilling, who "took on George W. Bush" and opposes
privatizing Social Security.

Crist on Tuesday campaigned at the H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research
Institute to highlight his support for stem cell research and how stimulus money
funded important research. The lifelong Republican spent Labor Day in eastern
Hillsborough County with supporters from the Teamster and pipefitters unions.

At a gathering of Democratic activists in Palm Beach County last week, a heckler
demanded that County Commissioner Burt Aaronson declare his support for Meek. He
did, but said afterward that Meek has a lot to prove in the next few weeks
before absentee ballots go out.

"I'm waiting to see what the polls are to see if Kendrick is viable in the
Senate race,'' said Aaronson. "The one thing I don't want to do is take a
chance. ... It's not a matter of voting for Charlie Crist. It's a matter of
voting against Marco Rubio.''

Meek was in New York City on Tuesday for a fundraiser with former President Bill
Clinton, where he raised an estimated $175,000. Vice President Joe Biden is
headlining a fundraiser for him and other top-ticket Democrats on Sept. 24 in
Hollywood.

"We will have what it takes to win this election,'' Meek said. "Just as a
reminder - we were 10 points down two weeks before the last election and we were
able to win by 23 points. We're going to be very, very competitive.''

Meek has been underestimated as a candidate for much of the past 18 months, and
he enjoys considerable advantages that Crist lacks. The Democratic Party
infrastructure is behind him, and nobody should underestimate the potential
potency of Clinton campaigning for him in Democratic strongholds.

Even if the White House and national party conclude Crist is their best shot for
beating Rubio, few Democratic strategists see the party overtly snubbing the
only major African-American candidate running for U.S. Senate.

Crist's challenge is to make Democrats comfortable embracing him over a
lifelong, stalwart Democrat. A number of prominent legislators, including Senate
Minority Leader Al Lawson of Tallahassee and state Rep. Darryl Rouson of St.
Petersburg, have endorsed Crist and some allies hope popular former South
Florida congressman Robert Wexler might do the same.

Meek acknowledged the expectation gap last week when he spoke to Democrats in
Delray Beach.

"I am going to make sure that everyone who ever doubted my candidacy will know
that I am there fighting on behalf of people of goodwill,'' Meek told about 150
Democratic activists. "You're not going to find a candidate in this Senate race
who is going to work harder than me.''

But confidence in Meek wavered from person to person. Bob Kleinberg, 76, of Lake
Worth pointed to Meek's victory in the primary and said, "Don't underestimate
him.''

Sitting to his left was Arnold Halperin, 83, also of Lake Worth. He shook his
head when asked if he believed Meek could defeat Rubio. "I really feel Crist is
a very formidable foe,'' he said.

Adam C. Smith can be reached at asmith@sptimes.com Beth Reinhard can be reached
at breinhard@miamiherald.com

* * *

See the TV ads

Watch ads from Charlie Crist and Kendrick Meek at links.tampabay.com

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO - SKIP O'ROURKE - Times: Gov. Charlie Crist, looking at a lung
cancer cell, visits H. Lee Moffitt Cancer Center and Research Institute on
Tuesday to highlight his support for stem cell research.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright  2010 Times Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              244 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             April 28, 2003 Monday
                              Late Edition - Final

The Luster of Glass Joins Art's Mainstream;
Works Once Dismissed as Crafts Enjoy a New Level of Respect

BYLINE:  By STEPHEN KINZER

SECTION: Section E; Column 1; The Arts/Cultural Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 990 words

DATELINE: TACOMA, Wash.


When the Museum of Glass opened in a striking cone-shaped building here last
summer, many people in Tacoma took it as a symbol of this city's rebirth. Long
considered a gritty and drab stepsister to sophisticated Seattle, 30 miles to
the north, Tacoma is becoming chic, with boutiques and cafes lining waterfront
blocks that were ugly and crime-ridden just a few years ago.

The opening of this museum also reflects a growing recognition that glassmaking
and other pursuits traditionally dismissed as crafts have reached a level of
artistic quality. An exhibition now at the Museum of Glass reflects the rising
ambitions of many glassmakers, ceramic artists, woodworkers, metalsmiths, fabric
creators and others who work in fields once considered by critics and curators
as mere artisanry. This show focuses on the work of the Swedish-born Bertil
Vallien, who uses sand, embedded masks and figurines, and other techniques in
his glass sculptures.

Although this museum is formally known as the Museum of Glass: International
Center for Contemporary Art, it does not use terms like glass artist or glass
art. "That tends to be a way to marginalize the work, the same thing that
happens when you say black artists or female artists," said the museum's
director, Josi Callan. "We consider ourselves a contemporary art museum with a
focus on glass but an interest in the broader artistic context. There's no
question we're breaking new ground, and we sense a great public interest in what
we're doing.

"Over the last 10 years," she added, "glass has really been coming into its own
as a fine-arts medium. We're where photography was 20 years ago. More museums
are adding glass works to their permanent collections. It's part of this
broadening view of what constitutes fine art."

One reason that glass has made the jump from being perceived as craft to being
perceived as art is the work of Dale Chihuly, who critics say pushed the
boundaries of glassworking and, in his sculpture, blurred the line between
decorative and fine art. Mr. Chihuly, who was born in Tacoma, has work in
hundreds of public and private collections around the world, displayed
everywhere from museums to restaurants and casinos.

The Museum of Glass was originally envisioned as a place where Mr. Chihuly could
show his own work, but now the museum features rotating shows, although two
permanent installations by Mr. Chihuly decorate a bridge that leads to the
entrance.

"Boundaries between artists and craftsmen have melded considerably since the
1960's, when I began exhibiting," Mr. Chihuly said. "Now people use the
materials that suit the ideas they want to express."

The line separating art from craft has always been subjectively drawn. Sometimes
the difference was said to be in intent, art created solely for its own sake
while crafted objects were meant to be useful. At other times the medium has
been considered the key difference. Oil painting, for example, was automatically
considered an artist's medium, and works in fabric, wood or clay consigned to
lesser talents.

In recent years, however, glassmakers seem to have succeeded in changing the
public's perception of what they do. Those working in other mediums view the
glassmakers' success with a mixture of admiration and envy.

"The glass people are definitely ahead of us," said James A. Wallace, director
of the National Ornamental Metal Museum in Memphis, which exhibits works ranging
from jewelry to monumental sculpture. "They did it right. They never sold cheap,
and they very consciously nurtured the image of being artists rather than
craftspeople."

But Mr. Wallace said that the rising quality of metalwork, woodwork and ceramics
had led many art lovers and critics to shift their perceptions. "Since the
beginning of art history, crafts have been considered minor arts, the bastard
child left out on the street corner," he said. "Just in the last few years I've
seen that stereotype really start to change. We're moving into the artistic
mainstream."

Recent exhibitions at the metal museum reflect this move. One show featured
strikingly original jars, vases and incense burners by Harlan W. Butt, whose
work is collected by mainstream museums like the Museum of Fine Arts, Boston.

Some curators consider the word craft a negative term and seek to avoid it. Last
year the American Craft Museum in New York changed its name to the Museum of
Arts and Design.

David Revere McFadden, that museum's chief curator, explained: "We did a lot of
consultation and work with focus groups, and when we asked them what craft
means, they came up with reactions like handiwork, busy work, rural,
nonprofessional, folk art, humble, brown and scratchy, macrame plant hangers.
There's been such an eroding of the traditional borders between various fields
that we decided it was a mistake to keep using that word."

"Since we announced the change," he said, "we've had a tremendous positive
response from artists. They tell us that they've always considered themselves
artists."

Not every museum that features craft-based art, however, is running from the
word. The Mint Museum of Craft and Design in Charlotte, N.C., continues to
embrace it. "There is a misperception of what the word craft really means," said
Mark Richard Leach, who until recently was the museum's director. "Many people
link it to handicrafts and think of hooked rugs or paint-by-number projects.
We've failed to brand the word properly.

"Our goal is to train and sensitize the unfamiliar eye to distinguish the fine
line that delineates where intent, skill, experience and outcome conspire to
transcend hobby," Mr. Leach said. "This is where craft assumes a different order
of meaning and begins to exemplify a fundamental human impulse to manipulate
materials into objects of utility, beauty or contemplation.

"I hope," he added, "that a newly educated and admiring public will demand use
of the word craft as a measure of respect for that impulse."

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Patrick Dougherty's "Call of the Wild," an installation formed
of twisted branches, outside the Museum of Glass.; Top, "Seaform Pavillion," a
glass ceiling by Dale Chihuly on the pedestrian bridge leading to the Museum of
Glass in Tacoma; above, glass sculptures by Bertil Vallien at the museum.
(Photographs by Gary Settle for The New York Times)(pg. E1); Bertil Vallien,
whose works are featured in an exhibition at the Museum of Glass in Tacoma.
(Hans Runesson)(pg. E5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2003 The New York Times Company


                              245 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Washington Post

                      July 3, 2000, Monday, Final Edition

DIGITAL CAPITAL; A Fair With One Gender Provokes Two Reactions

Shannon Henry

SECTION: FINANCIAL; Pg. F04

LENGTH: 896 words


A venture capital fair--where a slew of executives make brief pitches to an
audience of their would-be funders--is one of the ultimate networking events for
young companies looking for money.

But if you've ever been to a venture fair, you know there's something missing:
women.

Next week, on July 11 and 12, Springboard 2000 in Dulles will have a very
different crowd. It's a venture fair only for women-owned or -run companies,
created by the National Women's Business Council in Washington. About 45 women
will pitch their technology company ideas to an audience of 200 financiers. The
organizers held a Silicon Valley version in January and will have a Boston fair
in November.

But while the idea seems logical enough on its surface, it has created a
controversy in the region, much like the debate over the launch of
WomenAngels.net, an all-women angel investing club, earlier this year.

Some are boycotting the fair, saying it marginalizes women.

"It's reverse discrimination," says Robin Rains, chief executive of online
restaurant supplies clearinghouse 86.com of Washington, who decided not to
present at Springboard.

"It's like we had to go to a sorority to get funded. When I go in front of a VC,
I would not like them to recognize my gender. I want them to look at my numbers
and hear my words."

Some, however, are supporting Springboard full force.

Amy Millman, executive director of the National Women's Business Council, says
there are some great companies that might otherwise not exist without appearing
at Springboard. Millman says the organizers screened out all the nonserious
"Mom.com's" of the 300-some applicants and have some good deals to offer. As the
name suggests, she expects Springboard will give female entrepreneurs a needed
boost.

"Over the next six months, you'll see women move up faster," says Millman.

But bring up the concept of Springboard to most women or men in the area and,
angst-ridden, they'll say it's both a wonderful and horrible idea.

"I have mixed feelings about it," says Angie Kim, chief executive of
EqualFooting.com, who spoke at a Springboard coaching session before the fair.
"I know my two [male] partners would not be into it at all."

"I also recognize . . . there are challenges women face," she says.

Kim, 31, who emigrated to the Washington area from Korea when she was 13, now
runs an electronic commerce Web site for industrial supplies. She is aware that
people may stereotype her, and she doesn't like that. "People might look at me,
a Korean immigrant lawyer, and say, what do you know about these products? They
might not say the same to a guy."

On one hand, says John Backus, managing partner of Reston venture firm Draper
Atlantic, "it's always a good idea when CEOs get exposure to investors." And on
the other: "I would not like to see the [gender-specific] compartmentalization
of companies. That starts slicing and dicing the market a little too much," says
Backus, whose company is a venture capital partner to Springboard.

Post-Newsweek Business Information, a subsidiary of The Washington Post Co., is
also a sponsor of the fair.

Even the strongest supporters, such as Springboard organizer Patty Abramson, who
runs Women's Growth Capital Fund, which invests in women-run companies, think
the fair will not become an annual event and hope it results in more women
applying to other venture fairs, rather than creating a new venue.

"I have no inclination to institutionalize Springboard," says Abramson.

Ginger Lew, a venture capitalist with Telecommunications Development Fund in
Washington and one of the organizers, says she learned more about the
differences between men and women business leaders as she worked on Springboard,
and that there are more subtle issues to address than just pushing more women
into the networks.

"Women entrepreneurs tend to be more thorough in their market analysis and
thoughtful in their presentations," says Lew. "Many of them over-prepared."

According to the National Foundation for Women Business Owners, the number of
women-owned companies in the mid-Atlantic region has increased by 50 percent
since 1992.

But when you ask venture capitalists why they aren't funding more women-owned or
-run companies, most say they simply aren't seeing these deals. Mary Naylor,
president of online concierge service VIPDesk.com, is unusual in that she was
one of only two women to present at the most recent Mid-Atlantic Venture
Association fair. She's also presenting at Springboard.

"It's great to get women in the pipeline," says Naylor. But she also says she
feels success comes not from the women-only events, but also from the
non-gender-specific ones where she has built a network in the technology
community.

Like many others, she's of two minds. Maybe it will be easier to assess the role
of Springboard after seeing the quality of the companies presenting and how many
receive funding. Or, maybe it will just stay one of those hotly debated issues
where both sides clearly have a point.

"It's puzzling that there's not a right answer," says Kim.


Shannon Henry covers regional technology issues every other Monday in Washington
Business. Her e-mail address is henrys@washpost.com. Look for her colleague
Sarah Schafer's coverage of Springboard in the July 17 issue of Washington
Business.


LOAD-DATE: July 03, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 2000 The Washington Post


                              246 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             March 30, 2010 Tuesday

News in Brief

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 914 words


Wednesday March 31, 2010

Obama careful about tea party movement

WASHINGTON (AP) -- President Barack Obama stepped carefully when talking for the
first time about the conservative tea party movement, saying the core of the
loose anti-government network is "on the fringe" but acknowledging others have
legitimate concerns about federal reach and spending.

The latest political phenomenon, barely a year old, has leaders on both sides of
the political spectrum puzzled.

Republicans want to co-opt the passion -- and votes -- of tea party disciples to
help them oust Democrats from congressional control in the fall midterm
elections. As for Democrats, they have focused mainly on trying to marginalize
and ignore them. For instance, several Democratic officials say there s no
apparent strategy yet at the White House for combatting the network s growing
influence.

A Washington Post-ABC News poll taken last week showed that more people view the
movement favorably than unfavorably -- and that 62 percent believe it has either
the right amount or not enough influence on the Republican Party.

Imminent threat spurred militia raids, arrests

DETROIT (AP) -- Federal authorities had been monitoring members of a
Michigan-based Christian militia for some time but were forced to "take them
down" over the weekend after learning of an imminent threat against police, the
U.S. attorney leading the prosecution said Tuesday.

Barbara McQuade s comments came three days after eight members of a small group
of "Christian warriors" were arrested in several Midwestern states and a day
after the FBI nabbed a ninth suspect, Joshua Stone, following a standoff at a
trailer in rural Michigan.

"The time had come that we needed to arrest them and take them down," McQuade
told The Associated Press in an interview at her office.

Across the street in Detroit federal court, Stone was arraigned Tuesday and was
ordered held without bond until a hearing Wednesday.

Vatican cites sovereignty as defense in abuse case

VATICAN CITY (AP) -- Dragged deeper than ever into the clerical sex abuse
scandal, the Vatican is launching a legal defense that the church hopes will
shield the pope from a lawsuit in Kentucky seeking to have him deposed.

Court documents obtained Tuesday by The Associated Press show that Vatican
lawyers plan to argue that the pope has immunity as head of state, that American
bishops who oversaw abusive priests weren t employees of the Vatican, and that a
1962 document is not the "smoking gun" that provides proof of a cover-up.

The Holy See is trying to fend off the first U.S. case to reach the stage of
determining whether victims actually have a claim against the Vatican itself for
negligence for allegedly failing to alert police or the public about Roman
Catholic priests who molested children.

The case was filed in 2004 in Kentucky by three men who claim they were abused
by priests and claim negligence by the Vatican.

Dems seize on GOP nightclub spending flap

WASHINGTON (AP) -- Democratic groups tried Tuesday to make a campaign issue out
of news that the national Republican Party spent $1,946 at a sex-themed
California nightclub, but GOP activists said party chairman Michael Steele will
weather the hubbub.

The Republican National Committee fired a staffer who helped organize the Jan.
31 visit to Voyeur Hollywood West, which features topless dancers, bondage
outfits and erotic themes. It said it will recoup the money from a donor who
paid the tab and was reimbursed by the party on Feb. 4.

The episode raises new questions about Steele s oversight of the RNC. But party
officials said Steele knew nothing of the nightclub visit by a group of young
Republicans, which was listed in a federally required financial disclosure
report, and they promised to tighten accounting practices.

The Democratic Senatorial Campaign Committee pressed numerous GOP candidates to
say whether Steele should remain as head of the NRC. But GOP activists predicted
the matter would blow over soon.

China: 2 mortuary workers detained

BEIJING (AP) -- The bodies of 21 babies, some with hospital identification tags
around their tiny ankles, washed ashore on a river in eastern China and two
mortuary workers were detained for allegedly dumping them.

News footage Tuesday showed the babies -- at least one of whom was stuffed in a
yellow plastic bag marked "medical waste" -- strewn along a dirt riverbank near
a highway overpass. A few wore diapers. All were caked in mud.

Some of the babies appeared several months old, while the official Xinhua News
Agency said the bodies included fetuses.

Interviews with residents who made the grisly find were broadcast on the Web
site of the Shandong Broadcasting Company. One said he thought a body was a toy,
but then he spotted several others. Another expressed concern because the river
is a source of drinking water for villagers living nearby.

Man fleeing police jumps fence, lands in prison

CLEVELAND (AP) -- Police say a motorist fleeing officers in Cleveland abandoned
his car and jumped a fence -- landing in what turned out to be a prison yard.

Garfield Heights police say the chase started in that suburb early Monday over a
traffic violation and reached speeds of 90 mph.

Police say that after a race through several communities, the driver and a
passenger bolted from the car and headed for a fence.

They apparently did not realize it was on the outside the state women s prison
in Cleveland.

They were arrested along with two other passengers who also tried to flee.

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2010 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              247 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                           August 12, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Metro Edition

letters

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2AA

LENGTH: 352 words


Health care reform

Several years ago, the city of Andover attempted to route a gas pipeline through
a neighborhood without giving the residents sufficient time to become informed
of the situation and let their opinions be heard. The resulting public forums at
city hall were spirited to say the least, and, yes, some residents were angry
and did not follow Roberts Rules of Order when addressing the council.

These residents were organized, hired legal council and eventually prevailed.
They were ordinary citizens getting involved with choices being made for them by
local government.

The Democrats, and to some extent the media, are attempting to marginalize the
grass-roots opposition to health care reform by painting the picture that these
citizens are part of some sort of vast right-wing conspiracy. Sure, some are
angry; sure, some do not give the respect due their representatives, but make no
mistake, these are normal folks who are fed up with government and government
mismanagement and do not want government to control their health-care choices.

BERNIE BAUHOF

Andover

Spend wisely

There have been a lot of articles in the press recently about Petters, Madoff,
Hecker and the bonuses being paid to Wall Street employees. The United States is
truly a land of wealth, excess consumption and greed.

I volunteer at an organization called Feed My Starving Children with
headquarters in Brooklyn Park. The people that volunteer for FMSC have an
opportunity to see how other parts of the world live; children across the world
die of hunger by the thousands on a daily basis. For 17 cents, a child can be
given life for another day.

Denny Hecker's charges to the Bellagio and Mirage hotels and casinos of $590,000
for goods and services could have fed 9,508 children for one year. The numbers
go on and on!

The examples above are extreme. But most of us, including myself, have practiced
excess consumption to some extent in our lives. We buy a $45,000 car when a
$30,000 car will treat us very well.

Next time you plan a large purchase, think of the alternatives to how you want
to spend your money.

DUANE CROSLAND

Otsego

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: NORTH ONLY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2009 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              248 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                          December 18, 2002 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

When Integration Was a Crime

BYLINE: Robert A. Slayton

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A35

LENGTH: 747 words


As the nation debates Trent Lott's comments, it is important to understand what
segregation really meant. First and foremost, this was not just a bad attitude
but a vast set of laws designed to marginalize one group on the basis of skin
color. Thus, racism was being enforced not by skinheads but by the police, by
the courts and even by society itself; individuals who broke these statutes were
condemned by the local community, just as we would do to lawbreakers today.

This legal web, furthermore, was amazingly complex. The South Carolina law
covering textile factories barred workers of different races from working in the
same room or using the same entrances, exits, stairways, pay windows or
bathrooms. They could not stand at a window at the same time to comment on a new
model car, and they could not use the same water fountains, drinking pails,
dippers or cups. Oklahoma required separate phone booths for white and black
patrons. North Carolina and Florida not only segregated schoolchildren but
insisted that their schoolbooks be segregated -- in Florida they even had to be
stored in separate warehouses -- so that no white boys or girls could ever be
contaminated by even the dream of racial contact. States enforced segregation in
prisons and in homes for orphans, the deaf, the poor and -- my favorite -- the
blind. People who could not even see color had to be separated by race.

It was always clear, as well, that this was not just about physical separation
but about keeping one group constantly ostracized, always humiliated. The
Clarion-Ledger, Mississippi's leading paper, editorialized that, "If every
negro" in the state "was a graduate of Harvard and had been elected class
orator, he would not be as well fitted to exercise the rights of suffrage as the
Anglo-Saxon farm laborer." In one small Delta community, the local postmaster
made sure, before he boxed any mail for black residents, to mark out one word --
Mr., Miss or Mrs. -- so that no African American would ever be addressed by a
title.

And to a vile extent, this system worked. Historians write about the heroes who
stood up and challenged this travesty of the legal system, but they often forget
the people who had to live with it every minute of every day and what it could
do to them.

Lyman Johnson was a leader of the civil rights movement, but he recognized how
segregation could affect a human being. In a book-length oral history memoir, he
told about the time when he was in college at Virginia Union and he and a bunch
of his buddies "went over to visit with some sorority girls in their rooming
house." This was an old-fashioned courting party; as he noted: "We were all
spruced up, and the girls were dolled up."

As the young people sat outside talking, a car came screaming around the corner
of their dead-end street, with police in hot pursuit. The occupant was a
bootlegger; his car couldn't handle the tight curve and plunged into an
embankment. Officers went into the gully and began beating the lawbreaker, even
though his legs and an arm were broken in the crash.

Hearing the screams, the house mother came out and beseeched the young men to
intervene, pleading, "Don't let them treat that man like that. He's helpless.
They'll kill him." But as Johnson noted, "we all sat still." The older woman
then confronted the police, and paid a price in humiliation. When she asked them
to stop attacking an injured man, they told her, "You tend to your own goddamn
business. You better shut up and go back in your house, or you'll get some of
this same medicine," and began calling her what Johnson referred to as "crude
names."

As she came back on the porch, Johnson recalled, "She looked at us, but we
couldn't look at her. There we were -- five healthy young black men. . . . Just
a few minutes before we had been bragging with those girls making them think we
were the saviors of civilization. Now we were cringing in fear." He explained,
"In less than five minutes our manhood had been stripped from us. We felt
completely impotent as the police threw that poor . . . man into the police car.
. . . We were afraid of what would have happened to us if we had tried to
interfere." He concluded, "We were like helpless aliens in our own country."

Running for president on a ticket of blind, absolute segregation was a nasty
business in 1948; commenting favorably on that episode in 2002 should be
unthinkable.

The writer is a professor of history at Chapman University in California.

LOAD-DATE: December 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              249 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                    Variety

                      October 21, 1996 - October 27, 1996

TV-starved, they're Hungary for cable

BYLINE: By JOHN NADLER

SECTION: TELEVISION/INTERNATIONAL; Pg. 207

LENGTH: 390 words

BUDAPEST

With inertia gripping the government's seven-year bid to open up the nation's TV
frequencies to commercial interests, two U.S.-based broadcasters have launched
state-of-the-art cable networks that could eventually marginalize terrestrial TV
in Hungary.

Cable broadcaster M Sat, owned by New York-based Hungarian Broadcasting Corp.,
and telecom/cable TV service Monor Telefon Tarsasag (MTT) -- owned by
Denver-based cable developer United Intl. Holdings, Pennsylvania-based Denver &
Ephrata Telephone, Nebraska-based companies Huntel Systems and Consolidated
Ltd., and 31 Hungarian municipalities -- have just gone on the air with
innovative systems dramatically increasing the viability of cable TV here.

M Sat, launched with $ 8 million in venture capital, is a 24-hour entertainment
network that reaches cable outlets in Hungary by way of an Astra satellite
uplink conducted through the Netherlands.  It's seen by 1.1 million Hungarian
households out of 3.7 million nationwide.

MTT's $ 90 million cable TV/telecommunications network is now accessible in
38,000 homes in the Hungarian region of Monor.  Offering state-of-the-art
cable-telecom synergy, MTT's fledgling network provides subscribers with both
fiberoptic telephone and cable TV access.  The service includes 26 channels and
the pay TV movie service HBO Hungary.

By entering the Hungarian TV market, cable networks MTT and M Sat are exploiting
Hungary's high cable TV penetration rate (estimated at between 42% and 50%), and
the absence of a terrestrial commercial TV sector in this nascent market.

"Satellite and cable is the future of TV here and everywhere," said Justin
Bodle, M Sat programming head and managing director of London-based Power TV.

M Sat director of sales and marketing Marian Peppers argues that programming --
not just technology -- is what will win the Hungarian market.  M Sat is airing a
roster of contemporary commercial fodder ("Muppets Tonight!" "Power Rangers" and
"Homicide"), which is already luring audiences away from state TV's uneven
lineup of public service, political and commercial programs.

Some analysts expect cable penetration to exceed 55% over the next three years.

"I think in five years' time," Bodle says, "you'll draw a line between Eastern
and Western Europe and it will be the same on one side as the other."

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

 Copyright 1996 Reed Business Information, US, a division of Reed Elsevier Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              250 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Sarasota Herald Tribune (Florida)

                              May 9, 2013 Thursday

A pastor celebrates 44 years

BYLINE: JENNIFER SHEA Correspondent

SECTION: B; ARCHIVES; Pg. BS04

LENGTH: 545 words


'My name is Porter," the man said.

"I open doors."

For the past 44 years Dr. Henry Porter has opened the door of faith via music,
oration and fellowship in the church, school and gospel group that he built.

Porter planted The Church of Continuous Joy, West Coast Gospel Chorus and the
West Coast Center for Human Development; he has been the driving force behind
the success of the faith organizations for decades.

His philosophies, "Stay true to whom you are, take yourself seriously and
understand the beauty inside," have served Porter well.

Born and reared in Newtown, Porter was valedictorian of his Booker High
graduating class. He earned a bachelor in mathematics from Florida A&M and a
doctorate from Yale.

Porter said that he was always musically inclined: "I remember taking music
lessons from Miss Mary Jane Wilson. She could pull things out of you -- she
would say, 'Sing this, Henry,' and I would.

"She saw something more in me and her vision made me want to do more."

God called, he said, in 1969.

"I came home from college," Porter recalled. "There were kids everywhere, in the
streets.

"They were singing 'O Happy Day.'"

Porter often breaks into song; his smooth melodious voice and entirely unlined
brow belie his age. "That old hymn, that old hymn just washed my sins away," he
sang.

Porter said he never intended to stay in Newtown.

"I was going back to New York City and to Paris, France -- but then I saw that
the children needed a hand, the Spirit of God moved me and I fell in love with
my community," Porter said.

As Porter began to build a ministry, he said that it "went way beyond what our
conception of a church was -- it was about life and living, growth and bringing
out the best in you.

"It became broader than anything I could imagine."

Porter opened the door to poets and sponsored plays; "We had a choir and then
more came," he said. "We formed a chorus of believers, helpers and ministers.

"We became the very definition of a unified chorus."

Connections, Porter said, are his specialty.

"We are on the edge of something new -- there is so much talent in this area. I
tell the kids to meet people and to connect. I tell them that the one thing that
you cannot ever be is unlearned.

"Find out what you can, make the connections, be a guide in music and writing
because music and words are God's greatest gift to us."

Porter sang a series of original compositions. His lyrics praise, but more than
that, they inspire.

"Words create and inform," he said. "They have the power -- when used correctly
-- to empower others to great things."

He paused in prayer; "Music comes to me," he said. Then Porter sang "Hold your
heart next to mine, let our spirits merge.

"Power, most divine, bring us peace to all time."

Porter smiled; he acknowledged, "His Spirit communicates with me in my music and
I stand in awe of it."

After 44 years in the community, Porter said that he has "a full life and no
plans for retirement.

"It really doesn't seem like 44 years to me -- I never intended to put my name
on something -- I just fell in love," he said.

The man who opens the doors is exceptionally well-traveled; "I've been on five
of seven continents, France, Rome, Africa," he trailed off. "But I always come
back home, just trying to provide platforms, just trying to open doors."

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Dr. Henry Porter has penned more than 3000 songs and recorded more than
a dozen albums. He has serenaded hundreds of thousands of people in concert, he
said, in his effort to unify people with Jesus through music. Porter recently
celebrated 44 years of service to his ministry in Sarasota; "I say to the young
people, don't marginalize your talents, believe in yourself." PHOTO BY JENNIFER
SHEA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2013 Sarasota Herald-Tribune Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              251 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           November 26, 2015 Thursday

Washington: Calls to Restrict Expression Among Student Demands to Fight Campus
Racism

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 In response to high-profile protests over allegations of racism at schools like
Yale University and the University of Missouri in recent weeks, student
activists at more than 40 colleges and universities across the country have
articulated lists of demands for campus administrators, insisting their schools
rectify inequities that protesters say marginalize minority students.





 At FIRE, the support and defense of students who speak their minds is at the
very core of our mission. However, some of the demands made by students in
recent days and weeks, if accepted, would restrict the ability of others on
campus to do exactly that. To be clear, students have the right to call for
repressive, unconstitutional measures. But colleges should not, and must not,
give into these calls.



 Among the enumerated items on lists of demands popping up at dozens of
schools--at institutions like the University of Wyoming, San Francisco State
University, and Amherst College--demands that college authorities take steps to
dissuade or even sanction community members who express disagreement with the
protesters are worryingly common.



 Particularly concerning are calls for speech codes demanding punishment of
constitutionally protected &ldquo;hate speech,&rdquo; mandatory trainings
requiring students to voice agreement with certain ideologies (compelled
speech), and rules about what faculty cannot, or must, teach.



 While students have the right to ask for mandatory education programs on racial
issues, those who create and administer those programs must do so in ways that
do not require students or faculty to express themselves in approved ways on
pain of punishment. Yet the demands are not always compatible with this
principle. For example, students at the University of California, Los Angeles
and Boston's Simmons College demanded that administrators provide
&ldquo;repercussions&rdquo; for microaggressions.



 But microaggressions, by their nature, are nearly always examples of
constitutionally protected expression. Rules against this kind of expression,
therefore, are virtually certain to infringe upon freedom of speech.



 At Johns Hopkins University, activists have asked for mandatory diversity
training and &ldquo;impactful repercussions&rdquo; for those who make black
students &ldquo;uncomfortable.&rdquo; While Johns Hopkins is a private
institution, it bills itself as &ldquo;a forum for the free expression of
ideas.&rdquo; With no objective definitions to determine when that discomfort
rises to an actionable level, such a policy could and very likely would be
readily abused and chill expression of unpopular ideas. Any comment that
subjectively upsets another student, however innocuous, could be grounds for
punishment.



 Many of the student protesters would also ban &ldquo;hate speech.&rdquo; For
example, at Missouri State University, students have demanded &ldquo;[a]
commitment to differentiating 'hate speech' from 'freedom of speech,'&rdquo;
even though &ldquo;hate speech&rdquo; has no legal definition in the United
States and the vast majority of expression that people label as &ldquo;hate
speech&rdquo; is constitutionally protected. And it is protected for good
reason: There is no broad agreement on what constitutes hate speech as opposed
to vehement criticism. Further, whatever one's definition, banning hateful
speech does not make it go away, but rather empowers it and allows it to fester.
Under hate speech regulations, the underlying problems that cause it to exist,
and the kinds of debate that might allow those problems to be effectively vetted
and addressed, are simply shoved out of sight rather than resolved.



 As a reminder, at public colleges and universities, free expression is the law.
The Supreme Court has ruled that speech protected by the First Amendment
includes much expression that makes people uncomfortable. In Terminiello v.
Chicago, 337 U.S. 1, 4 (1949), the Court made clear that protecting speech that
makes people uncomfortable is precisely the point of the First Amendment:



     Speech is often provocative and challenging. It may &hellip; have profound
unsettling effects as it presses for acceptance of an idea. That is why freedom
of speech, though not absolute, is nevertheless protected against censorship or
punishment, unless shown likely to produce a clear and present danger of a
serious substantive evil that rises far above public inconvenience, annoyance,
or unrest. There is no room under our Constitution for a more restrictive view.



 FIRE is a free speech advocacy organization, and we believe in the power and
necessity of robust free expression protections on campus. So while we fight for
the right of these students to insist upon change, we are critical of demands
for illiberal policy reforms that silence dissenting, unpopular, or
controversial views. The answer to speech with which one disagrees is more
speech, not censorship.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 26, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              252 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          November 25, 2015 Wednesday

Washington: Calls to Restrict Expression Among Student Demands to Fight Campus
Racism

LENGTH: 864 words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: Foundation for Individual Rights in Education has issued the
following news release:



 In response to high-profile protests over allegations of racism at schools like
Yale University and the University of Missouri in recent weeks, student
activists at more than 40 colleges and universities across the country have
articulated lists of demands for campus administrators, insisting their schools
rectify inequities that protesters say marginalize minority students.





 At FIRE, the support and defense of students who speak their minds is at the
very core of our mission. However, some of the demands made by students in
recent days and weeks, if accepted, would restrict the ability of others on
campus to do exactly that. To be clear, students have the right to call for
repressive, unconstitutional measures. But colleges should not, and must not,
give into these calls.



 Among the enumerated items on lists of demands popping up at dozens of
schools--at institutions like the University of Wyoming, San Francisco State
University, and Amherst College--demands that college authorities take steps to
dissuade or even sanction community members who express disagreement with the
protesters are worryingly common.



 Particularly concerning are calls for speech codes demanding punishment of
constitutionally protected &ldquo;hate speech,&rdquo; mandatory trainings
requiring students to voice agreement with certain ideologies (compelled
speech), and rules about what faculty cannot, or must, teach.



 While students have the right to ask for mandatory education programs on racial
issues, those who create and administer those programs must do so in ways that
do not require students or faculty to express themselves in approved ways on
pain of punishment. Yet the demands are not always compatible with this
principle. For example, students at the University of California, Los Angeles
and Boston's Simmons College demanded that administrators provide
&ldquo;repercussions&rdquo; for microaggressions.



 But microaggressions, by their nature, are nearly always examples of
constitutionally protected expression. Rules against this kind of expression,
therefore, are virtually certain to infringe upon freedom of speech.



 At Johns Hopkins University, activists have asked for mandatory diversity
training and &ldquo;impactful repercussions&rdquo; for those who make black
students &ldquo;uncomfortable.&rdquo; While Johns Hopkins is a private
institution, it bills itself as &ldquo;a forum for the free expression of
ideas.&rdquo; With no objective definitions to determine when that discomfort
rises to an actionable level, such a policy could and very likely would be
readily abused and chill expression of unpopular ideas. Any comment that
subjectively upsets another student, however innocuous, could be grounds for
punishment.



 Many of the student protesters would also ban &ldquo;hate speech.&rdquo; For
example, at Missouri State University, students have demanded &ldquo;[a]
commitment to differentiating 'hate speech' from 'freedom of speech,'&rdquo;
even though &ldquo;hate speech&rdquo; has no legal definition in the United
States and the vast majority of expression that people label as &ldquo;hate
speech&rdquo; is constitutionally protected. And it is protected for good
reason: There is no broad agreement on what constitutes hate speech as opposed
to vehement criticism. Further, whatever one's definition, banning hateful
speech does not make it go away, but rather empowers it and allows it to fester.
Under hate speech regulations, the underlying problems that cause it to exist,
and the kinds of debate that might allow those problems to be effectively vetted
and addressed, are simply shoved out of sight rather than resolved.



 As a reminder, at public colleges and universities, free expression is the law.
The Supreme Court has ruled that speech protected by the First Amendment
includes much expression that makes people uncomfortable. In Terminiello v.
Chicago, 337 U.S. 1, 4 (1949), the Court made clear that protecting speech that
makes people uncomfortable is precisely the point of the First Amendment:



     Speech is often provocative and challenging. It may &hellip; have profound
unsettling effects as it presses for acceptance of an idea. That is why freedom
of speech, though not absolute, is nevertheless protected against censorship or
punishment, unless shown likely to produce a clear and present danger of a
serious substantive evil that rises far above public inconvenience, annoyance,
or unrest. There is no room under our Constitution for a more restrictive view.



 FIRE is a free speech advocacy organization, and we believe in the power and
necessity of robust free expression protections on campus. So while we fight for
the right of these students to insist upon change, we are critical of demands
for illiberal policy reforms that silence dissenting, unpopular, or
controversial views. The answer to speech with which one disagrees is more
speech, not censorship.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: November 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              253 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                            March 26, 2008 Wednesday

Lawmakers from caucus states roiled over Clinton criticism

BYLINE: By Manu Raju

SECTION: Pg. 3

LENGTH: 991 words


Democratic lawmakers from caucus states are agitated by the Clinton campaign's
attempts to dismiss Sen. Barack Obama's (Ill.) victories in their home states.
Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton (N.Y.) and her campaign surrogates have tried to
marginalize Obama's caucus wins by saying the process is unfair because it
limits participation.

In a televised interview earlier this month, Pennsylvania Gov. Edward Rendell
(D), a top Clinton supporter, went as far as to call the caucus process
"undemocratic." In interviews, a host of superdelegates supportive of the caucus
system pushed back against that criticism, and said the attacks reflect hardball
tactics by a Clinton campaign trying to diminish Obama's overwhelming success in
caucus states. Rep. Bruce Braley (D-Iowa), an uncommitted superdelegate whose
state and district were won by Obama, said the Clinton campaign's attack on the
caucus system is a "cause for concern" in evaluating her candidacy and one of a
number of factors he'll consider in making his endorsement. He said his home
state's January caucuses "were one of the most democratic processes we've ever
seen." "If you had seen what I saw in my precinct caucus, and the overwhelming
number of first-time caucus attendees, including my two older children, I think
that it would put to rest all of this nonsense about caucuses being an
undemocratic process," Braley said. Braley's concerns were echoed by
superdelegates from Washington state, where Obama also won. "The first thing I
would say to any national leader, whoever they are, is, 'Don't boss around
states and tell them how to select their delegates,' " said Rep. Rick Larsen
(D-Wash.), who, like Braley, has not picked a candidate to support in the race.
The attacks by the Clinton campaign, which makes the pitch that she is the most
electable Democratic candidate because of her success in large states with
primaries, risks alienating lawmakers and other superdelegates who are expected
to determine the outcome of the nomination battle. Neither Obama nor Clinton is
likely to clinch the nomination after the last primaries are held in early June,
so the candidates are taking their case directly to 795 superdelegates - the
members of Congress, governors, Democratic National Committee members and other
local officials whose backing might determine the outcome of the race. At least
50, or more than 15 percent, of the uncommitted superdelegates come from the 13
states that hold caucuses. The caucus system differs markedly from primaries,
where voters cast a secret ballot. Under the caucus system, voters gather in a
town-hall meeting format, where they talk about the platforms and issues of each
candidate. When the voting begins, attendees divide themselves into groups
depending on which candidate they support. Supporters of the other candidates
then try to woo undecided voters to their side. The candidates win the precincts
where more of their supporters turn up. Critics of the caucus process, including
the Clinton campaign, have argued that the system does not accurately reflect
the will of the voters, since Democratic Party activists, rather than general
voters, are more likely to participate in a deliberative caucus process. They
argue that primaries have a longer voting window and allow for absentee ballots,
unlike a caucus that is held at a set time. On NBC's "Meet the Press" this
month, Rendell cited those arguments in claiming that the caucuses are
"undemocratic." "We want primaries - that's the way we elect presidents,"
Rendell said. "We don't have caucuses to elect presidents in the fall." Just
prior to the Wyoming caucuses - which Obama won - Clinton told an audience in
Cheyenne that "it isn't any secret that a lot of people who vote for me have
never caucused for me," according to The New York Times. "It's not an election."
Supporters of the Clinton campaign have sought legal action to prevent some
caucuses from going forward in Nevada. A Clinton campaign spokesman did not
respond to an inquiry seeking comment. Some state parties are discussing ways to
encourage more participation in the caucus system, but supporters say the
caucuses award candidates who are the best organized, which is critical in the
general election. They also say the process helps facilitate discussion over the
issues facing candidates and energize their supporters far more than simply
pulling a lever at a ballot box. "A vote is different - you cast your ballot
behind a couple of curtains," said Sen. Byron Dorgan (D-N.D.), a supporter of
Obama, who won his state's caucuses. "Caucuses are a social event and they breed
enthusiasm in the party." In Iowa, where Democrats take perhaps the most pride
in the caucus process, given its role in kicking off the presidential nominating
season, 239,000 people participated this year. That broke the previous record,
set in 2004, of 124,000 attendees, according to the state's Democratic Party. "I
think the criticism this cycle of the caucus system is probably predicated on
how you finished," said uncommitted superdelegate Richard Machacek, a Democratic
National Committee member and farmer in Winthrop, Iowa. Lawmakers have responded
similarly. Senate Majority Leader Harry Reid (D-Nev.), one of the most
influential uncommitted superdelegates remaining, said his state's January
caucuses - in which Clinton won fewer delegates than Obama despite receiving a
majority of the popular vote - represented a "tremendous sea change" and
unprecedented participation in Nevada politics. "If we're going to change any of
the rules it has to be [in the] next election," Reid said to reporters earlier
this month. Sen. Amy Klobuchar (D-Minn.), who is uncommitted in the race, said
the process has its pluses and minuses, and added that Obama's strong win in her
state's caucuses was "very impressive and will be a significant factor" in
awarding her endorsement. J. Taylor Rushing contributed to this article.

LOAD-DATE: April 11, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2008 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              254 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Portland Press Herald (Maine)

                            February 16, 2007 Friday
                                 FINAL Edition

Another ad seen as being anti-Semitic;
Managers of the Press Herald apologize and say steps will be taken to prevent
similar incidents.

BYLINE: DAVID HENCH Staff Writer

SECTION: LOCAL & STATE; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 736 words


Senior managers at the Portland Press Herald will meet with leaders of Maine's
Jewish community this morning to discuss how an advertisement that some people
criticized as anti-Semitic appeared in Wednesday's newspaper, the second such
incident in two weeks.

The advertisement for PeoplesChoice Credit Union featured an Old West ''Wanted''
poster with a photo of a man purporting to be a banker intent on collecting fees
from customers. Some people felt the photo resembled a Hasidic Jew and drew on
painful stereotypes.

The advertiser and those involved in the ad's creation apologized and said no
slight was intended. But anti-discrimination activists said the fact that the ad
ran shows more education is needed.

''There are images and caricatures that have historically been used to demonize
and marginalize Jewish people, with grave, grave consequences,'' said Andrew
Tarsy, director of the Anti-Defamation League New England. ''You put that ad in
front of a person who has been sensitized to that experience, and you see the
reaction on their face.''

Tarsy called on the newspaper to better train its staff to be alert to
inflammatory and painful references.

Robert Bickler, president and general manager of the Portland Press Herald/Maine
Sunday Telegram, said the newspaper will provide its staff with sensitivity
training and institute controls to prevent such problems in the future.

''One of this company's core values is to bring the communities we serve
together, certainly not to divide them,'' said Bickler. ''Obviously this
represents an error on our part.''

The newspaper was involved in a similar controversy earlier this month.

An ad for the First Baptist Church that appeared on the Religion & Values page
of the Feb. 3 newspaper promoted a sermon titled, ''The Only Way to Destroy the
Jewish Race.''

The sermon was supportive of Jews but the title led to complaints to the church
and the newspaper.

Newspaper executives apologized then for what they described as an oversight and
said additional safeguards had been put in place to prevent similar situations.

''We did something we thought would prohibit this from happening again,''
Bickler said. ''Unfortunately, that failed. I will take responsibility to make
sure we do what we need to do to make sure there is not a reoccurrence.''

A statement issued by the newspaper's publisher, Charles C. Cochrane, appearing
in today's newspaper expressed his apologies as well.

''Publishing these advertisements was an unfortunate mistake and an error in
judgment on our part, for which I accept full responsibility,'' the statement
said in part.

Rosie Wohl, president of the board of Congregation Bet Ha'am in South Portland,
said she received numerous e-mails from people who were upset by the ad.

''I think people are feeling pretty hyper-vigilant right now,'' said Wohl, who
planned to attend this morning's meeting. ''Both of these ads show a lack of
sensitivity and lack of awareness.''

The advertisement was for PeoplesChoice Credit Union. Luke Labbe, manager of
PeoplesChoice, and Kimberly McCall of McCall Media & Marketing, an advertising
professional who helped to create the ad, said no slight was intended.

Both said they plan to attend today's meeting to apologize.

Labbe said the ad campaign was intended to evoke old themes. A previous ad
featured a pirate image and called for customers to use the credit union to
avoid being charged high fees.

The next image was intended to be an Old West banker.

''We didn't mean it to be offensive, but in hindsight, it is, and we've pulled
that ad ... We plead ignorance, I guess,'' Labbe said.

The picture featured a smiling, bespectacled man with a bushy beard, wearing a
suit and tipping a short-brimmed hat.

''This is so unfortunate,'' McCall said Thursday. ''I am truly sorry for any
pain the ad caused the Jewish community, and it was completely unintentional.''

The Rev. Bill Gregory, a retired Christian pastor who writes regularly for the
Portland Press Herald, said unconscious stereotyping needs to be confronted.

''Is this nit-picking? Not to many Jews who have to live with the ashes of death
camps still drifting down upon them in their dreams,'' he said in an e-mail. And
others should speak out, he said.

''It should not be left to the Jewish community alone to take the scales of
bigotry from our collective eyes,'' he said.


Staff Writer David Hench can be contacted at 791-6327 or at:

dhench@pressherald.com

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2007 Blethen Maine Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              255 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           February 4, 2006 Saturday

Political dissent has long been target;
Message T-shirts got two ousted from Bush's speech. But such actions aren't
limited to one party.

BYLINE: Steven Thomma, Inquirer Washington Bureau

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 613 words


The ejection of two women from the U.S. Capitol for wearing message T-shirts
during President Bush's State of the Union speech was the latest incident of
stifling dissent in politics.

Capitol Police later apologized for ejecting the women - one of them a
congressman's wife - and acknowledged acting overzealously.

But their actions were not atypical in today's overheated political climate.
Protesters outside political conventions are herded behind razor wire far from
the action, citizens wearing a rival candidate's stickers are forcefully ejected
from presidential campaign rallies on public property, and those who heckle the
President can be prosecuted.

The tension reflected in Tuesday night's ejections is symbolic of the eternal
conflict between those who seek to silence dissent and those who advocate free
speech.

"This is the latest manifestation of the desire by those in power to minimize
criticism and marginalize critics," said Nadine Strossen, president of the
American Civil Liberties Union.

Antiwar activist Cindy Sheehan wore a T-shirt to Tuesday's speech that
proclaimed "2245 Dead. How many more?" Police initially charged her with a
misdemeanor for alleged unlawful disruptive conduct in the Capitol.

Later, police ejected Beverly Young, wife of Rep. C.W. Bill Young (R., Fla.),
for wearing a shirt that said, "Support the Troops - Defending Our Freedom."

In Denver last year, three people were ejected from a Bush town-hall meeting on
Social Security after they arrived in a car sporting a bumper sticker that
proclaimed "No more blood for oil." They wore T-shirts under their other clothes
that said "Stop the Lies."

In 2004, protesters at both national party conventions were herded into areas
far away from delegates, officials and the news media. At the Democratic
National Convention in Boston, protesters were kept in enclosed areas surrounded
by fences topped with razor wire and watched by armed police.

It is a crime, punishable by up to six months in prison, to "disrupt" an event
guarded by the Secret Service, which includes presidential rallies. (A proposed
extension of the Patriot Act now being negotiated in Congress would broaden such
prohibitions to other vaguely defined national events.)

Does a T-shirt disrupt an event? To the political operatives who ejected people
based on their shirts - or ordered them arrested - a shirt can be disruptive.
But no one has been convicted yet, and T-shirt prosecutions probably would be
challenged as an affront to the First Amendment's guarantee of free speech.

The Supreme Court ruled in 1971 that wearing an obscene anti-Vietnam-War jacket
in a California courthouse was not illegal, despite a state law prohibiting such
messages because they might incite violence.

"The state may not, consistently with the First and 14th Amendments, make the
simple public display of this four-letter expletive a criminal offense," the
court said.

Silencing dissent is not unique to the national government. Former New York
Mayor Rudolph Giuliani once ordered city buses to remove an ad for the New
Yorker magazine that made fun of him.

Nor is it limited to one political party, noted Robert O'Neil, director of the
Thomas Jefferson Center for the Protection of Free Expression in
Charlottesville, Va.

In 1992, Democrats refused to let an abortion opponent, Pennsylvania Gov. Robert
Casey, speak from the podium.

This trend has a chilling effect on those who disagree with people in power,
analysts say.

"The long-term consequence is a higher degree of self-censorship," O'Neil said.
"Society is the poorer when deprived of the marketplace of ideas."

Contact reporter Steven Thomma at 202-383-6042 or sthomma@krwashington.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              256 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                            August 23, 2005 Tuesday
                          FIVE STAR LATE LIFT EDITION

Bigotry splits the party Republicans must unite to offer fairness, freedom and
equality to gay and lesbian Americans.

BYLINE: By PATRICK GUERRIERO AND CHARLES STADTLANDER

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. C7

LENGTH: 828 words


Former President Ronald Reagan once said, "Whatever else history may say about
me when I am gone, I hope it will record that I appealed to your best hopes and
not your worst fears."

Unfortunately, too many Missouri Republican leaders are turning their backs on
Reagan's legacy and using the politics of fear in an effort to marginalize gay
and lesbian families.

In 1978, Reagan stepped forward to defend common decency by opposing a
California ballot initiative that would have prevented gays and lesbians from
teaching in public schools. The initiative was heading for victory until Reagan
spoke out against it. He understood then what we understand now: All citizens
deserve to be treated with basic fairness and respect.

Log Cabin Republicans formed during that pivotal campaign. Three decades later,
Log Cabin has become the nation's largest organization of Republicans who
support fairness, freedom and equality for gay and lesbian Americans.

The fight for gay rights is truly a conservative one. What is more conservative
than protecting hard workers and fighting violent crime? What is more
conservative than taking on the responsibility of caring for a life partner so
that taxpayers don't have to? What is more conservative than seeking to serve
openly and honestly in our military to help win the war against terror? What is
more conservative than seeking to worship God as people of faith in churches,
mosques and synagogues?

Forty years ago this month huge bi-partisan majorities in both the U.S. House
and Senate passed the historic Voting Rights Act. The courageous stand taken by
many members of Congress at that time stands in stark contrast to many of
today's Republican politicians in Missouri who oppose any measure of basic
fairness for gay and lesbian Americans.

The fight for racial equality is very different from the struggle for gay and
lesbian rights; however, there are some important parallels. Coretta Scott King,
widow of the slain civil rights leader, said that she believes there are
significant similarities, so she supports equal rights for gay and lesbian
Americans. She said, "As my husband, Martin Luther King Jr., said: 'Injustice
anywhere is a threat to justice everywhere.' Like Martin, I don't believe you
can stand for freedom for one group of people and deny it to others."

Both these civil rights movements involve issues that are at the core of the
meaning of liberty and equality in our free society. Just as you cannot choose
your skin color, the overwhelming scientific evidence also indicates you cannot
choose your sexual orientation. Countless studies of both humans and animals
irrefutably show that human beings don't choose their sexual orientation.

Unfortunately, enemies of science, fact and common sense on the radical right
continue misrepresenting the truth by using terms such as "lifestyle choice." We
know more about the genetic causes of sexual orientation than we do about the
genetic origins of handedness, but we don't say someone chooses the "left-handed
lifestyle." Is it realistic to think people would choose to risk getting fired
from their job, beat up, rejected by their family or turned away from their
faith community? The answer is obviously "no."

We are all created in God's image. It isn't for us to understand why God made us
the way we are. Those who advocate the marginalization of gay and lesbian people
are turning their backs on God's creation.

People who use faith in an effort to justify their bigotry against gay people
should listen to Missouri's former Republican Sen. John Danforth. He's an
ordained Episcopal minister who is speaking out about the role of religion in
politics. "The only absolute standard of behavior is the commandment to love our
neighbors as ourselves.

"Repeatedly in the Gospels, we find that the Love Commandment takes precedence
when it conflicts with laws. We struggle to follow that commandment as we face
the realities of everyday living, and we do not agree that our responsibility to
live as Christians can be codified by legislators."

Danforth encourages dignified treatment of gay and lesbian Americans. "Following
a Lord who reached out in compassion to all human beings, we oppose amending the
Constitution in a way that would humiliate homosexuals. As a senator, I worried
every day about the size of the federal deficit. I did not spend a single minute
worrying about the effect of gays on the institution of marriage. Today it seems
to be the other way around."

Log Cabin Republicans are working to build a GOP in the model of John Danforth's
vision; a party in which every person has value and is treated equally under the
law. Missouri Republican leaders must either embrace those values and create a
stronger GOP or choose the politics of exclusion that will only lead to defeat.
We must choose hope over fear.

---

Patrick Guerriero is the president of Log Cabin Republicans. Charles Stadtlander
is president of the Log Cabin Republicans of Greater St. Louis.

LOAD-DATE: August 24, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  GAY RIGHTS

GRAPHIC: PHOTO
 PHOTO FROM THE ASSOCIATED PRESS - (Arlington Street Unitarian Universalist Rev.
Kim Crawford Harvie, center, marries partners David Wilson, left, and Robert
Compton, right, during their official Massachussets sanctioned wedding ceremony
Monday, May 17, 2004 in Boston.)

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COMMENTARY

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2005 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              257 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                November 12, 2000, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

BLACKFACE;
Out of Context

SECTION: Section 2; Page 4; Column 5; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 294 words



To the Editor:

In the first of two astoundingly decontextualized and offensive views of
blackface performance, Ted Gioia fails to mention the larger context as more
than an aside "A Megastar Long Buried Under a Layer of Blackface," Oct. 22 . He
writes of Al Jolson: "A fellow performer had counseled him that wearing
blackface was like putting on a mask -- one looked, and even felt, more like a
performer. The advice proved tremendously helpful. . . ." Of course it proved
helpful: it prevented Jolson from having to drive a bus or work in an office for
the rest of his life.

Despite the innocuous road that brought Jolson to blackface performance, a
thoughtful article must still highlight the fact that the method developed to
provide entertainment by caricaturing and ridiculing African-Americans. That
thousands of people turned out to see Jolson, and hundreds turn out to see the
Jolson impersonator Clive Baldwin, does not negate the offense. Thousands turned
out for lynchings as well.

In an accompanying article "An Incorrect Artifact With Aging Fans" , Joe Hagan
profiles Mr. Baldwin. Mr. Hagan lays out the rise (1870's) and fall (1930's) of
blackface performance. The rise of blackface being tied to the influx of newly
freed blacks into the cities and the need for whites to marginalize them isn't
mentioned. Nor does Mr. Hagan consider that blackface's demise could be linked
to the burgeoning civil rights movement and the growth of black middle and upper
classes.

Mr. Hagan makes sure to point out that even blacks performed in blackface during
its heyday. As everyone knows, black performers, like black people in general,
have done a lot of things to pay the bills and do what we dream of doing.

CLARENCE PATTON
Brooklyn

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: November 12, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              258 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                 Daily Variety

                            October 18, 1996 Friday

HUNGARY FOR CABLEU.S. b'casters M Sat, MTT launch high-tech nets

BYLINE: By JOHN NADLER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 31

LENGTH: 554 words


BUDAPEST With inertia gripping the government's seven-year bid to open up the
nation's TV frequencies to commercial interests, two U.S.-based broadcasters
have launched state-of-the-art cable networks that could eventually marginalize
terrestrial TV in Hungary.

Cable broadcaster M Sat, owned by New York-based Hungarian Broadcasting Corp.,
and telecom/cable TV service Monor Telefon Tarsasag (MTT) owned by Denver-based
cable developer United Intl. Holdings, Pennsylvania-based Denver & Ephrata
Telephone, Nebraska-based companies Huntel Systems and Consolidated Ltd., and 31
Hungarian municipalities have just gone on the air with innovative systems
dramatically increasing the viability of cable TV here.

M Sat, launched with $ 8 million in venture capital, is a 24-hour entertainment
network that reaches cable outlets in Hungary by way of an Astra satellite
uplink conducted through the Netherlands. It's currently seen by 1.1 million
Hungarian households out of 3.7 million nationwide.

MTT's $ 90 million cable TV/telecommunications network is now accessible in
38,000 homes in the Hungarian region of Monor. Offering a state-of-the-art
cable-telecom synergy, MTT's fledgling network provides subscribers with both
fiberoptic telephone and cable TV access. The service includes 26 channels and
the pay TV movie service HBO Hungary.

By entering the Hungarian TV market, cable networks MTT and M Sat are exploiting
Hungary's high cable TV penetration rate (estimated at between 42% and 50%), and
the absence of a terrestrial commercial TV sector in this nascent market.

Hungary passed post-communist media legislation only in December 1995; since
then, endless delays in privatizing two state-owned national frequencies means
that commercial terrestrial TV will probably not be up and running in this
market before June or July 1997.

"Satellite and cable is the future of TV here and everywhere," said Justin
Bodle, M Sat Programming head and managing director of London-based Power TV.
"Terrestrial television will become secondary in Hungary just like it is
becoming secondary in the West."

Despite the advent of high tech, M Sat director of sales and marketing Marian
Peppers argues that programming not just technology is what will win the
Hungarian market. M Sat is airing a roster of contemporary commercial fodder
(shows such as "Muppets Tonight!" "'Power Rangers" and "Homicide"), which is
already luring audiences away from state TV's uneven lineup of public service,
political and commercial programs. U.S. cult re-run '"Beauty and the Beast" one
of M Sat's top-rated shows has achieved market shares as high as 29%.

HBO Hungary, available in the MTT network, has also exploited the dearth of
commercial programs on terrestrial TV by scheduling an eclectic line-up of
sitcoms such as "Friends," movies, music concerts and documentaries programs
state TV is not offering, or is not offering enough of.

Given that Hungary's cable infrastructure is growing (some analysts expect cable
penetration to exceed 55% over the next three years), the sector has ample room
to expand.

"Hungary tends to be the most advanced TV market in the region," Bodle said. "I
think in five year's time you'll draw a line between Eastern and Western Europe
and it will be the same on one side as the other."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 Reed Elsevier Inc.


                              259 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         The Gazette (Montreal, Quebec)

                       May 30, 2004 Sunday Final Edition

Owners own worst enemy: Flames' run shows current deal works

SOURCE: CanWest News Service

BYLINE: TONY GALLAGHER

SECTION: Sunday Sports; Pg. C3

LENGTH: 467 words

DATELINE: VANCOUVER

Two years ago when NHL commissioner Gary Bettman spoke of needing cost certainty
in the next collective bargaining agreement, he had a pretty solid basis for his
view.

But over these past 18 to 24 months, a lot has happened to marginalize the
owners' argument for a new system, and the commissioner's moral authority
disappeared.

It is now completely accepted by all but the most moronic that the owners have
been authors of their own problem. Other than the fact these guys want to
skyrocket the value of their franchises, there is no good reason for a new
system.

Over these past two years this has been abundantly demonstrated. Three of the
last four Cup finalists have been in the lower half of payroll and the Devils
were only in the top third because they've won consistently and had two earlier
Cups dating back to '95. The fact Calgary has made the final is a crushing blow
to the 'competitive balance' argument. After all, it was to save these helpless
Canadian teams that this war was originally deemed necessary by a commissioner
who wrapped himself in a Canadian flag after overseeing the demise of teams in
Quebec and Winnipeg.

It's becoming clear competitive balance is about management skills, not
spending. Bettman would have been much wiser to focus over the past 10 years on
finding people who actually knew how to manage rather than wringing his hands
over the deal he himself signed.

In these last two years, many management teams have finally learned how to spend
their money. They've learned they can walk from unfair arbitrations, they don't
have to pay Keith Tkachuk, Paul Kariya, Todd Bertuzzi or anyone $10 million U.S.
Nobody had to pay Joe-Thornton-type bonuses to rookies just because they
happened to be first-round draft picks. All of these inflationary practices can
be avoided now that the owners know how this present agreement can and should
work.

But just as his owners' managers are learning lessons, Bettman seeks to bludgeon
the players into an even more restrictive system, simply because he has made his
bosses promises he needs to keep.

Rather than seek to get rid of the idiots running teams, Bettman now insists the
players submit to a system that will not permit any team to overspend. If he's
successful, teams like the Rangers, Dallas, Philly, Boston, Toronto, Detroit,
Colorado and others will make obscene profits on the backs of those who provide
the product and risk life and limb doing so.

The players know they have to give back. And they're raring to do just that
within the present framework. Bettman says no, this has to be idiot proof. The
commissioner may well achieve his objective. But it will be done only after
throttling the game and its fans, and for no other reason than making
billionaires richer.

Vancouver Province

LOAD-DATE: May 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2004 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              260 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 9, 1995, Monday, Late Edition - Final

Anti-Abortion Tactics Debated By Nation's Christian Leaders

BYLINE: By GUSTAV NIEBUHR

SECTION: Section A;   Page 1;   Column 2;   National Desk

LENGTH: 1138 words


The killings of two workers at abortion clinics in Massachusetts 10 days ago has
touched off a debate among some of the nation's more prominent Catholic and
Evangelical Protestant leaders over whether opponents of abortion should pull
back from sidewalk protests and turn instead to prayer within church walls.

The debate reflects a concern among some anti-abortion leaders that tensions
over abortion have escalated to a point that some dramatic gesture must be made
to defuse them.

At the same time, a number of anti-abortion leaders have voiced concern that the
broad movement is at risk of being tarnished because of the acts of a violent
few. In a homily yesterday in which he decried violence against abortion
clinics, John Cardinal O'Connor, Archbishop of New York, said that he would like
to believe that "the current outcries against the pro-life movement are a
reflection of frustration, rather than a concerted effort to marginalize
millions of nonviolent, peaceful people."

In his homily, Cardinal O'Connor indicated that he would not follow the lead of
Bernard Cardinal Law, Archbishop of Boston, who has called for a moratorium on
sidewalk protest vigils outside abortion clinics in Boston.

Cardinal O'Connor, speaking at a Mass in St. Patrick's Cathedral, said that if
he was the Archbishop in Boston, he, too, might have called for a moratorium
there. But he said that in New York, he was prepared to take such action only
"on condition that a moratorium be called on abortions." The statement drew
applause from parishioners.

The Cardinal also praised Bishop Thomas Daily, the Bishop of Brooklyn, who has
led monthly prayer vigils at abortion clinics in the Brooklyn Diocese. A
spokesman for Bishop Daily said he would continue to lead the vigils.

It was within hours after a gunman attacked the two clinics in Brookline, Mass.,
on Dec. 30, that Cardinal Law called on people who were mounting prayer vigils
at abortion clinics to "refrain from such manifestations." He also asked
abortion rights supporters not to blame "the unconscionable acts of a few" on
the "millions who advocate a pro-life position."

The Cardinal's call for a moratorium was particularly dramatic given the fact
that he has long been one of the most outspoken abortion opponents among the
nation's Catholic bishops. A decade ago, during the 1984 Presidential campaign,
Cardinal Law described abortion as "the critical issue in this campaign" and
asked voters to make it their top concern at the ballot box.

The Cardinal has since elaborated on his call for a moratorium. Writing in
Friday's issue of The Pilot, the newspaper of the Boston Archdiocese, the
Cardinal said he would designate churches where scheduled times of prayer for
"for pregnant women and the children they bear" might replace sidewalk vigils.
And he said that he was impelled by "prudential judgment" to seek the
moratorium.

"My motive in asking for this moratorium is to avoid, on the side of the
pro-life movement, anything which might engender anger or some other form of
violence. The pro-life message cannot be heard in the midst of violence, whether
that violence be in thought, word or deed."

Catholic bishops and evangelical Protestant leaders, who speak for large
components of the anti-abortion movement, have been divided in their response to
Cardinal Law's moratorium.

Bishop Leo O'Neil of Manchester, N.H., issued a letter on Saturday to be read
from the pulpits of his diocese, stating he would follow the Cardinal's lead.
"While I fully understand that peaceful protest serves a valid purpose, I
believe at this time we must step back for a while," he stated. He asked
abortion opponents in his diocese to work to change people's hearts and minds
through "the calm voice of reason, quietly, intelligently, steadfastly,
logically presenting the truth that all life is a gift that must be respected."

Bishop Sean O'Malley of Fall River, Mass., also issued a statement in his
diocese's newspaper, "in solidarity" with Cardinal Law. He described the
shootings at the Brookline clinics as "the greatest tragedy imaginable for the
victims and their families and for the pro-life movement."

Response to Cardinal Law's action appeared to be confined mainly to Catholic
bishops in the Northeast. A spokesman for Roger Cardinal Mahony, Archbishop of
Los Angeles and chairman of the bishops' Committee on Pro-Life Activities, said
he had no comment. But another member of the committee, Bishop James T. McHugh
of Camden, N.J., issued a letter to anti-abortion demonstrators saying that
their activities must "always reflect Gospel values and be law-abiding." The
letter included six guidelines for peaceful demonstrations.

Among evangelical Protestant leaders interviewed, the Rev. Jerry Falwell,
chancellor of Liberty University, voiced sympathy with Cardinal Law's position.
Had the suspect been "the son of some prominent Baptist, I think we Baptist
preachers might be making the same plea for a cooling-off period," the Rev.
Falwell said, adding that it would be important to show that the church did not
condone violence.

But Richard Land, executive director of the Southern Baptist Convention's
Christian Life Commission, said he disagreed with the Cardinal's moratorium.
"The abolitionists didn't call off the protests because of John Brown," he said,
referring to the anti-slavery crusader who led a violent raid on a Federal
arsenal in Harpers Ferry, Va., in 1859. Both Mr. Brown and those who shoot at
abortion clinics represent a "lunatic fringe," Dr. Land said.

The Rev. Flip Benham, director of Operation Rescue National, took a considerably
more critical approach, calling the moratorium "unconscionable."

"I pray he changes his mind immediately," Mr. Benham said of Cardinal Law. He
said, however, that he expected many who have protested outside abortion clinics
to heed the Cardinal's call. "We'll have to replace those precious saints in
Boston with others from around the nation," he said.

Like other major social movements in American history, the anti-abortion
movement is highly diverse, a loose coalition of organizations, informal groups
and individuals. And like other movements, it incorporates moderates and
militants -- those dedicated to pushing the cause through law, education and
huge marches, and those who register their protests directly at the clinic
doors.

"The division between the moderates and the purists in the movement is deep,"
said Michael W. Cuneo, a professor of sociology and anthropology at Fordham
University, who has studied Catholic anti-abortion demonstrators. Among many of
the most militant, he said, "it's unqualified, no-holds-barred commitment."

"You could have every bishop in this country telling them to stop it," he added.
"It would not make one iota of difference."

LOAD-DATE: January 9, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH  ; BROOKLINE (MASS);

GRAPHIC: Photos: John Cardinal O'Connor talked yesterday at St. Patrick's
Cathedral about abortion protests. (Dith Pran/The New York Times)(pg. A1);
Bishop Thomas Daily, left (Chester Higgins Jr./The New York Times), was praised
yesterday by John Cardinal O'Connor, the Archbishop of New York, for leading
monthly prayer vigils at abortion clinics in the Brooklyn Diocese. Bernard
Cardinal Law, right (David Ryan/The Boston Globe), the Archbishop of Boston,
declared a moratorium on sidewalk vigils after killings in Brookline, Mass., 10
days ago. The Rev. Jerry Falwell, chancellor of Liberty University, said he
understood why Bernard Cardinal Law imposed a moratorium on vigils at abortion
clinics. (Associated Press)(pg. A16)

                   Copyright 1995 The New York Times Company


                              261 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                  May 27, 2004 Thursday MORNING FINAL EDITION

PLAYWRIGHT AIRS FRUSTRATION

BYLINE: MIKE ANTONUCCI, Mercury News

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 996 words


Luis Valdez, the playwright and director who developed his theater company as a
part of the farmworkers' labor movement, is planning to open a non-union tour of
his signature production, "Zoot Suit," in San Jose in August.

Valdez says the "tremendous irony" of staging non-union performances at the
Center for Employment Training throws a spotlight on the cultural, financial and
political challenges faced by regional arts groups.

The plan also reflects some frustration over the limited exposure his work has
received in San Jose, where he grew up and embarked on his career in the 1950s
and '60s.

During a question-and-answer session after his keynote address at the recent
Silicon Valley Arts Summit, Valdez cited the San Jose Repertory Theatre as an
example of an organization "that can do a better job of making their audiences
more multicultural by putting more multicultural stuff on the stage."

Valdez said in a follow-up interview, "I really haven't been able to get into a
theater in San Jose. If I can't, how the hell can anybody else?

"This isn't about my needs, because my plays have been produced all over the
world," added Valdez. "This is about a system that through its processes
marginalizes minority arts groups.

"It's comparable to the situation in public education that creates a separate
but unequal condition. The system as it exists supports a basic white
middle-class structure, with white middle-class values, and it denies America
the chance to evolve into its new self."

Alexandra Urbanowski, managing director of the San Jose Rep, says she assumes
"there are many, many artists who might say the same thing" as Valdez.

"We do seven shows a year, and it's hard to choose," said Urbanowski. She noted
that the 2003 season included an anthology of stage work from the Latino comedy
trio Culture Clash and a Rep-commissioned Philip Kan Gotanda play, "The Wind
Cries Mary."

"Until economic circumstances required the Rep to suspend its new play festival
two years ago," added Urbanowski, "the Rep annually produced the New America
Playwrights Festival, providing readings and script development opportunities
for writers traditionally under-represented on stages in America."

Valdez, whose El Teatro Campesino company has been based in San Juan Bautista
since 1971, says a deterioration in arts funding has led to "tremendously
complex" problems for theater companies nationally.

Among those problems, says Valdez, are the pay scales that have to be negotiated
with the Actor's Equity union for touring productions. Valdez, who founded El
Teatro Campesino (The Farmworkers Theater) in 1965 by taking one-act plays about
Chicano life to migrant farmworker camps, says he couldn't get contract terms
from Actor's Equity that would make a union tour of "Zoot Suit" viable.

John Holly, the western regional director for Actor's Equity, said the union
offered some concessions, but that Valdez broke off talks. He said the union
planned to contact Valdez to try to reopen negotiations. He also said there are
no plans to picket or protest any part of a non-union tour.

Valdez also contends there are "more than economics involved" in the
under-exposure for his work in San Jose. He says another problem is the scarcity
of suitably sized theaters that can showcase his plays in an extended run --
hence his chiding of the obviously desirable San Jose Rep.

The Mexican Heritage Center considered the possibility of hosting "Zoot Suit,"
but the discussion involved a union production of the musical. The cost would
have been larger than the institution's arts budget, said Executive Director
Laura Esparza.

The upshot, Valdez says, "is that San Jose has an enormous Latino population
that is not being serviced by any of the theater companies in San Jose." He says
similar situations can be found coast to coast as part of a "casual racism" in
not developing a market for Latino artists with theater fans in general.

Aldo Billingslea, a Santa Clara University assistant professor who teaches
multicultural theater, says Valdez's work would attract a far broader audience
than Latinos if it got more exposure.

When Valdez's company was able to perform his "La Carpa de los Rasquachis" at
Santa Clara University, said Billingslea, "Our audience was asking, 'How come we
don't see more of his stuff?' "

In addition to the performances at the Center for Employment Training's Anthony
Soto Theatre, which is being made available rent free, the "Zoot Suit" tour this
summer expects to include Phoenix, San Antonio and Austin, among other cities.
The San Jose dates are Aug. 26 to Sept. 11.
LUIS VALDEZ
Born: June 26, 1940, in Delano.
Education: Graduated from James Lick High School in 1958 and San Jose State
University in 1964. One of his honorary doctorates is also from San Jose State.

First play he wrote: "The Theft," produced by the San Jose Theater Guild in a
park while Valdez was still attending San Jose State.

Theater company: Founded El Teatro Campesino (The Farmworkers Theater) when he
returned to Delano in 1965 to work with Cesar Chavez to organize migrant
farmworkers. The company moved to San Juan Bautista in 1971.

Best-known work: "Zoot Suit," which opened on stage in Los Angeles and later
became the first play produced by a Chicano on Broadway. The 1982 movie version
starring Edward James Olmos received a Golden Globe nomination for best musical.
Valdez also wrote and directed "La Bamba," the 1987 film about singer Ritchie
Valens.
Current work: "Earthquake Sun," which opened in April in San Diego.

Achievements and honors: They include the 1978 Los Angeles Drama Critics Award
for "Zoot Suit" and Mexico's Aguila Azteca Award in 1994. He was a founding
member of the California Arts Council and served as a council member for the
National Endowment for the Arts.

Resides: In San Juan Bautista with his wife, Lupe, and three grown sons who help
manage and direct El Teatro Campesino.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos (2);
PHOTO: MERI SIMON -- MERCURY NEWS ARCHIVES
Luis Valdez says a deterioration in arts funding has led to problems for theater
companies nationally.
PHOTO: Luis Valdez

                     Copyright 2004 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              262 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                              June 28, 2009 Sunday

Editorial: Legislator's defection demonstrates special interest power

BYLINE: MediaNews editorial

SECTION: OPINION; Editorials

LENGTH: 673 words


WE'VE SEEN THIS script before: A state legislator tries to reason with his party
and find solutions that solve California's financial problems rather than
seeking to appease special interests. Rather than appreciate the efforts, the
partisan colleagues ignore the warnings and marginalize the messenger.

A few years ago, it was Assemblymen Joe Canciamilla, D-Pittsburg, and Keith
Richman, R-Granada Hills, both later forced out of Sacramento by term limits.
More recently, it was Assemblyman Juan Arambula of Fresno. Things have became so
bad for the third-term legislator that last week he quit the Democratic Party
and re-registered as decline to state, California's equivalent of an
independent.

His decision to bolt his party should serve as an indicator of just how bad
things have become in the Capitol. On his way out, Arambula lamented in his
hometown newspaper, the Fresno Bee, that independent voices are not welcome in
the Capitol where "special interests have a lot to say about what goes on in
both parties."

The day after news broke of his party re-registration, Democrats were proving
his point by trying to push through a budget package that had no chance of
mustering the bipartisan two-thirds vote it needed.

One of the bills would have cut K-12 spending, which is clearly unavoidable in
this ugly financial environment. But part of that bill would have required the
state to guarantee more school spending in future years to make up for the loss.

It was essentially the same bad deal voters rejected when they defeated
Proposition 1B in this spring's special election. Locking in future state
spending that California will not be able to afford will merely prolong the
state's financial pain.

So why push this horrible proposal that voters have already rejected? Because
the powerful teacher unions demand it. It's the sort of business as usual in
Sacramento that drove Arambula from his party.

"There are genuine and entrenched labor interests   CTA, SEIU and the rest of
the alphabet soup of labor agencies   and it's difficult to do anything without
running into significant and well-funded opposition," Arambula told the Bee.
"The tentacles go all over the place. You can't get meaningful reforms without
stepping on powerful toes."

It's a shame that Democrats didn't listen to Arambula, who has argued that his
former party needs to be more realistic about the state budget. He has rightly
called for cuts in prison spending and recognition that California cannot afford
reduced class sizes.

For their part, Republicans were quick to try to capitalize on Arambula's
defection. But they miss the point. Their party is no better. They are just as
guilty of sacrificing the interests of the state to the demands of special
interests.

The fact is that no one has put forward a realistic, long-term solution to the
state's fiscal crisis that is free of budget gimmicks.

Democrats propose delaying state workers' June 2010 paychecks due on the final
day of the fiscal year so that they could be accounted for in the next year.
That merely increases the expenses for the following year.

Schwarzenegger proposes postponing $1.7 billion in school funding until the next
fiscal year. School mandates wouldn't change, only the timing of the state
payments. That too would merely push the state liability further down the road.

Democrats and the governor seem to be in agreement on increasing tax
withholdings from worker paychecks, which would accelerate the cash flow in the
short term but force the state to pay larger tax refunds down the line.

Meanwhile, Republican legislators sit intransigently clinging to the mantra of
no new taxes, showing no regard for the human consequences of the cuts that
would ensue and offering no substantive alternative.

With the state headed for the fiscal cliff   with Democrats and the governor
living in financial fantasy land and Republican legislators proposing no viable
options   it seems that no meaningful discussion is taking place.

Little wonder Arambula wanted to step outside for some fresh air.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2009 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              263 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Chronicle of Philanthropy

                             May 15, 2008 Thursday

Sociologists Study Volunteerism

BYLINE: Anne W. Howard

SECTION: MANAGING; Pg. 36 Vol. 20 No. 15

LENGTH: 304 words


Volunteers: A Social Profile
by Marc A. Musick and John Wilson

The study of volunteerism is a rather new development, "in part because the
volunteer role has only recently become fully institutionalized and in part
because of a tendency to marginalize volunteer work as a leisure-time pursuit,"
write Marc A. Musick, a professor of sociology at the University of Texas at
Austin, and John Wilson, a sociology professor at Duke University.

"Although volunteers are widely admired because they give their time freely to
help others, their work is devalued precisely because it is given away," they
add in the first chapter of this book, which explores who volunteers, why and
how individuals contribute their time and labor, and what the experience means
to the individual and to the wider society.

After the introduction, two sections discuss how a person's temperament, race,
financial resources, health, religious affiliation, values and other
characteristics affect the likelihood of volunteering.

The fourth section focuses on the social context of volunteering, including
schools and congregations, differences between countries, and recruitment of
volunteers. The authors write that people "who are asked are four times as
likely to volunteer as those who are not," and that "part of the explanation why
lower-class people and members of minority groups volunteer at lower rates is
that they have not been asked."

The final two sections examine how volunteer work is organized and how
volunteering leads people to get engaged in politics, develop strong social and
professional networks, and stay in good health.

Publisher: Indiana University Press, 601 North Morton Street, Bloomington, Ind.
47404; (800) 842-6796; fax (812) 855-7931; iuporder@indiana.edu;
http://iupress.indiana.edu; 663 pages; $39.95; ISBN 978-0-253-34929-3.

LOAD-DATE: May 14, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Chronicle of Philanthropy
                              All Rights Reserved


                              264 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Star Tribune (Minneapolis, MN)

                             August 27, 2012 Monday
                                 METRO EDITION

Minnesotans in mix as GOP fights over its brand

BYLINE: BAIRD HELGESON; STAFF WRITER, STAR TRIBUNE (Mpls.-St. Paul)

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1129 words



HIGHLIGHT: Rep. Bachmann and Ron Paul's state chair threatened efforts to show
that Republicans solidly support Romney.


TAMPA, FLA. - If the Republican National Convention takes on a Tea Party flavor
with some libertarian spice, Mitt Romney backers can blame two women from
Minnesota: Rep. Michele Bachmann and Marianne Stebbins.

Stebbins, a longtime GOP activist from Excelsior who led Ron Paul's Minnesota
campaign, has become a key player in the fight to get Paul activists a
front-and-center role at the convention.

Bachmann, who waited four months after dropping her own presidential bid to
endorse Romney, headlined a fiery Tea Party rally on the eve of a convention
choreographed to be a political coronation Romney.

"Our goal is not political power, our goal is to live free," Stebbins told
thousands of Paul supporters who gathered at a college arena a few miles from
the convention, where the libertarian Texas congressman will command upwards of
500 delegates, including most of Minnesota's delegates. "When politics becomes
the goal, we have lost the mission."

The Sunday rallies are the freshest threats to GOP efforts to portray the party
as solidly behind Romney.

With many Minnesota GOP delegates firmly backing Paul, the state's GOP activists
are at the forefront of a ragtag and tenacious collection of small-government
libertarians who are ushering in what is proving to be one of the most
transformative political movements in a generation.

Paul lashed out at Republican efforts to marginalize his supporters at the
convention, telling those at the Sunday rally to stand firm because "we will
become the tent eventually."

In a New York Times story published on Sunday, Paul complained that he was
denied a chance to speak to the convention because he refused to let the Romney
campaign vet his remarks and give an unconditional endorsement.

Learning how to fight

Stebbins, the only Minnesotan to speak at Paul's Sunday rally, talked about the
scrappy origins of the Paul campaign in Minnesota, growing from obscurity to
becoming a driving force in state Republican politics.

She described the Paul uprising as beginning about five years ago, when many
"introverts and nerds crawled out of their parents' basements" and got involved,
alarmed at the amount of government intrusion in their lives.

She talked about how they became friends first, then allies. The Paul supporters
helped each others' businesses, set up ham radios and began "drinking raw milk
from each others' farms."

"The overriding thing we had in common was that we wanted to live free," she
said.

But they also have learned not to back down from a fight.

In the weeks leading up to the convention, Stebbins and other Ron Paul delegates
were locked in a testy and increasingly public spat with Romney's campaign as it
tried to tamp down any uprising and get control over which delegates are seated.

"Governor Romney's campaign ... adopted an attitude toward liberty Republicans
that if you can't beat them, then beat them with a stick," Stebbins said last
week. Romney's campaign "made it clear today that liberty Republicans and Tea
Party Republicans are unwelcome guests at this party."

Republican National Committee leaders have been frantically negotiating with Ron
Paul supports to cut a deal to prevent a convention-floor drama that could turn
into an embarrassment for the presumptive nominee. Romney supporters have been
fretting that Paul supporters could bring the opening ceremonies to a grinding
and public halt. In a show of goodwill, the Romney campaign agreed to help add
several key Paul principles to the GOP platform, including tough language about
monetary policy. The Romney campaign also agreed to give Paul's son, Sen. Rand
Paul of Kentucky, a prime speaking spot at the convention.

That was not enough for Stebbins and many of the most devout Paul backers. She
blasted the "party establishment" for snuffing out "the discussion of issues
important to Americans but that might challenge party candidates."

Paul supporters said on Sunday that the party's candidates have strayed from
Republican fundamentals and that they see themselves as a corrective force.
Without naming Romney specifically, many speakers blasted fellow Republicans who
have lost their way as much as they took shots at President Obama.

"Loyalty to the party or a candidate is having the courage to tell them they are
wrong when they propose a policy that is contrary to small 'r' republican
principles and bad for the country. That's best for party and country," Stebbins
said. "They would prefer to put tape over the 'check engine light' rather than
heed its warning."

The Ron Paul rally was a stark difference from more typical red-white-and-blue
Republican gatherings in the Tampa area on Sunday. There were no Mitt Romney
shirts or signs, but rather glowing portraits of a grinning Paul and impassioned
pleas to audit the Federal Reserve Bank.

A call from the podium to audit those running the national convention drew
uproarious applause. Even with tropical storm Isaac threatening the Tampa area,
the mood was feisty and upbeat. The crowd exploded when John Popper, the lead
singer for the band Blues Traveler, launched into a searing harmonica solo
between speakers.

Craig Westover, a former spokesman for the Minnesota Republican Party, reminded
more establishment Republicans of the movement's tenacity.

"If Governor Romney can condone a power grab by the RNC, what's to say he won't
initiate an Obama-like power grab by the federal government when he is
president?" he asked. "The real battle for the soul of America is taking place
within the Republican Party."

Stirring up a storm

Across town, Bachmann addressed hundreds of religious conservatives at gathering
called Unity Rally 2012.

"I am so proud of you," she said after being greeted by roaring applause and
cheers as she jumped onto the stage at the River at Tampa Bay Church, a massive
palm tree-lined charismatic ministry. "You have braved a hurricane to be here."

Bachmann said the Tea Party's insistence on less government spending and strict
adherence to the Constitution are now etched in the GOP platform. She credited
the Tea Party's pressure for prompting Romney's insistence he will repeal
Obama's health care overhaul if he is elected.

"It is the Tea Party that has led the way," she said. "The Tea Party has been
all over that platform."

In an interview after the speech, she warned that "we must always be vigilant.
There is a lot of government we need to disable and a lot of freedom that we
need to enable ... Now we need people to act, act in concert, and make sure our
principles prevail."

Bachmann did not say whether she was disappointed to not have a speaking role at
this convention, as she did in 2008.

"I will have a supportive role," said Bachmann, who is also a delegate. "I have
already spoken at a number of related events."

Baird Helgeson - 651-925-5044#

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2012 Star Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              265 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             August 8, 2004 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

TO THE POINT

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. E-03

LENGTH: 208 words


State Sen. John Andrews claims that Amendment 23 is the problem, not

TABOR. Who needs schools anyway? Besides, the more ignorant people there are,
the easier it is to get them to vote Republican.

Frederick C. Sage, Boulder

The Los Angeles police will soon be using rubber flashlights. Perhaps we should
embrace that logic in Denver, and issue our police rubber guns and bullets. It
might give citizens a fighting chance to survive police encounters.

Jim Smith, Fort Collins

Gov. Bill Owens thinks splitting the electoral vote for president will
marginalize Colorado. To the contrary, it means both parties will be eager, due
to the expected close nature of the election, to garner even a few electoral
votes. Colorado could very well pick the next president.

Mike Stover, Golden

Dick Cheney was quoted as saying, "Terrorist acts are not caused by the use of
strength, they are caused by the perception of weakness." Isn't that an
admission that Cheney and George W. Bush are responsible for Sept. 11?

Roger Piwowarski, Green Mountain Falls

To have your comments printed in To the Point, please send letters of no more
than 40 words to openforum@denverpost.com (no attachments, please) or 1560
Broadway, Denver, 80202. Writers are limited to one letter per month.

LOAD-DATE: August 9, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2004 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              266 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                  April 9, 1993, Friday, Late Edition - Final

On Terming Proposed U.S. Attorneys a 'Woman and a Black'

SECTION: Section A; Page 26; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 392 words


To the Editors:

"Woman and a Black," a March 31 headline states, have been proposed as United
States Attorneys in New York. By identifying Mary Jo White and Zachary W. Carter
exclusively by race and gender, you perpetuate problems that you condemn in your
editorials. Moreover, you reinforce the marginalization of both women and
blacks, and indirectly help to marginalize black women doubly.

These were the thoughts that three virtual strangers discovered they held in
common March 31. And the questions that arose during our conversation were
these:

If race and gender are the key criteria in the nomination of these two people,
as your headline suggests, are we to assume that all "women" are white and all
"blacks" are men?

Are "blacks" somehow exempt from gender classification, and are "women" somehow
exempt from distinction by race?

Could you ever dream of a headline that read "Male and a Jew Proposed as United
States Attorneys in New York"? Or even, "A White and a Heterosexual"?

This is certainly an exciting time for women and minorities in this country. But
as the Clinton Administration has repeatedly tried to stress, the point is not
to put heretofore marginalized groups into office simply because they are
so-called minorities, but rather to fill offices with people who have always
been qualified to fill these positions and who, as a group, reflect the larger
group that is the public. An Administration that looks like us has not been the
case in any of our lifetimes.

The appointment of women and minorities is important to the betterment of our
sociopolitical environment and is indeed newsworthy. But why not reflect that
real progress is being made by rejecting categories that only reinforce
marginalization?

As we three -- differing in age, occupation, economic status and sexual
orientation -- immediately realized, headlines like this ultimately work against
achievement of equality between races and genders. The labels you choose to give
your subjects can help or hinder, accelerate or freeze progress in this area.
Race and gender are closely allied categories, and the Rev. Dr. Martin Luther
King Jr.'s dream applies here -- to judge one by the "content of one's
character" -- to resist the tendency to label.

K. M. HOBBS, G. RUSSELL JUELG, BERNARD SEEMAN
New Brunswick, N.J., April 1, 1993

LOAD-DATE: April 9, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1993 The New York Times Company


                              267 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    January 31, 1995, Tuesday, FINAL EDITION

Governors let welfare debate ride / Summit's agreement: Disagree

BYLINE: Leslie Phillips

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 5A

LENGTH: 634 words


Irretrievably split over how to finance welfare reform, the nation's governors
punted Monday on one of the most popular 1994 legislative goals of President
Clinton and the new Republican Congress.

Instead of agreeing to a unified policy that could influence the congressional
debate, the National Governors' Association plans to ratify a watered-down
statement that doesn't reconcile the group's ideological differences.

"It would be more powerful if all the governors agree on a policy," says
Wisconsin Gov. Tommy Thompson, a Republican. "But if we can't, Republican
governors will still have a voice in what comes out of (the House) committee."

Because the GOP Congress is pushing "devolution" of federal authority to the
states, governors are suddenly enjoying a new advisory role.

Their failure to agree on welfare reform, however, undermines that power and
foretells how difficult it will be for Congress to reach accord.

"They're reflective of Congress and we're reflective of them," says Sen. John
Breaux, D-La. "There are political differences. But this won't happen without a
bipartisan approach."

Indeed, the division among governors, in Washington for their winter conference,
could marginalize Democrats even more than they already are.

And it could impair Republican lobbying efforts to eliminate all federal
controls, such as denying benefits to teen mothers and legal aliens.

"There is a danger the NGA becomes irrelevant," says Massachusetts Gov. William
Weld, a Republican.

At issue is whether Congress should:

Combine funding for anti-poverty programs into lump sums of cash called "block
grants," which give states freedom to construct their own programs but limit the
amount of money they get;

Or keep a form of the current system, which guarantees that anyone eligible for
assistance is "entitled" to receive it, even though state authority is
curtailed.

Because they can't agree, governors will approve guidelines for both lump sums
and the guaranteed funding.

But a House subcommittee is forging ahead on a bill that incorporates block
grants for the main state-welfare programs, Aid to Families with Dependent
Children, as well as nutrition programs like food stamps and school lunches, and
assistance for abused children.

Senate Republicans support a similar approach.

Democrats object because they want guaranteed funding to protect states from
increasing case loads, which are most acute in economic recessions.

It's essential to preserve benefits for children, they say, since Congress will
be hunting for massive spending cuts in an effort to balance the federal budget
by 2002.

"There needs to be a federal safety net for children," says Gov. Howard Dean, a
Vermont Democrat, who heads the association.

Shaw has told governors he is sensitive to Democratic fears. He says he will
propose a fund, similar to the fund for unemployment insurance, that states
could tap into during a recession.

"We're not going to let babies starve," he says. "We're not going to let the
money dry up in times of recession. Have faith we will react to these problems."

Says New Jersey Gov. Christie Whitman: "I don't know a governor who is going to
abandon children."

Children in poverty The number of poor children under age 6 rose to 6 million
from 5 million between 1987 and 1992, says a report by the National Center for
Children in Poverty. Who those 6 million are:

(in millions)
Whites    2.5
Blacks    2.0

Hispanics 1.3
Other       .2
Total      6 million

Poverty rates by age group
Under 6     26%
6-17        20%
18-64       12%
65+         13%

Poverty rates for under 6 by race/ethnicity
White      16%
Blacks     54%
Hispanics   44%

1 - Non-Hispanic

LOAD-DATE: February 01, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, b/w, Elys A. McLean, USA TODAY, Source: U.S. Census Bureau
(Pie chart, bar graph); PHOTO, b/w, Greg Gibson, AP

WASHINGTON; See info box at end of text

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              268 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                  September 17, 1994, Saturday, Final Edition

'Defining Deviancy Up'

SECTION: EDITORIAL; PAGE A14; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 364 words


While I was not surprised to read the headline that "Half of U.S. Children Live
in Nontraditional Setting" [news story, Aug. 30], I was taken aback to learn
that the Census Bureau now defines the traditional family as consisting of two
married parents, their biological children and no one else.

Granted, Buffy, Jodie, Uncle Bill and Mr. French may not have been a
"traditional family." But the Census Bureau redefinition marginalizes the
Waltons, Andy and Opie, Fred McMurray and his three sons, and other icons of
family life.

Unfortunately, many readers may not have made it far enough into the article to
learn that the Census Bureau lumped everything into the nontraditional category
from families led by teenage mothers to families that have an adopted child or a
parent who was widowed and remarried.

For those pursuing a values-neutral society, narrowing the definition of the
norm is a standard tactic to legitimize the illegitimate, what Sen. Daniel
Patrick Moynihan might call defining deviancy up. By narrowing the definition of
the traditional family, the Census Bureau report has given the values-neutral
crowd great fodder with which to confuse public debate on these issues.

Readers of the Los Angeles Times, the Dallas Morning News and the Cleveland
Plain Dealer, for example, woke up on Aug. 30 to this blaring and erroneous lead
paragraph: "The conventional model of American family life -- a married couple
with kids and a stable home -- is on the verge of becoming the exception rather
than the rule. ... " While a far cry from what the Census Bureau reported, that
mischaracterization has now become the "truth" for millions of Americans. We can
look forward to even worse distortion of the data in the coming months and
years.

The result will be that many will fall victim to the false conclusion recently
reached by a Detroit Free Press editorial that "A new Census Bureau report
illustrates the growing irrelevance of political debate over 'family values.' "

It is disheartening to see Census Bureau researchers, perhaps unwittingly,
become tools of those more committed to a political agenda than to the facts.

JAMES M. BODNER

Washington


LOAD-DATE: September 17, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, AP

TYPE: LETTER

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              269 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                            December 2, 2005 Friday
                                 SOONER EDITION

PUBLIC SCHOOL INFILTRATION;
FLOOD OF TEACHERS WHO BELIEVE IN CREATIONISM BUT TEACH EVOLUTION CALLED
TROUBLING

BYLINE: ARTHUR HIRSCH, THE BALTIMORE SUN

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-14

LENGTH: 662 words


Barbara Reger says she believes that God created the Earth, animals, plants and,
of course, woman and man, and she tells children that some scientists insist
that nature shows the mark of a higher power's design.

This might not be worth noting but for the fact that Ms. Reger teaches biology
in a public school. She is also head of the science department in a middle
school in Indianapolis, Ind., one of the quiet proponents of intelligent design
and creationism -- whose numbers science education experts call "troubling" and
surprising -- among the ranks of public school teachers.

These challengers of evolution don't have to push the state Legislature to
revise education standards or run for the school board. They're inside, right
there in the classroom.

"There's a consistent, a significant number of biology teachers in public
schools who are creationists," says Randy Moore, a University of Minnesota
biology professor who has written extensively on what might be called the
"closet creationism" in public schools. "Despite decades of science education
reform, these numbers have remained pretty consistent."

The great majority of science teachers accept and teach evolutionary theory, but
in a national survey this year, one-third of teachers said they have faced
pressure to marginalize the subject, chiefly from parents and students, and that
they often do so to avoid conflicts.

At least 10 statewide studies into these issues have been published since 1999.
In six of them, public school biology teachers endorsed teaching creationism in
some form alongside evolutionary theory in numbers ranging from nearly 20
percent in Minnesota to nearly half in some Kansas schools and more than
two-thirds in Kentucky.

In two states, 40 percent of biology teachers say they allow little or no class
time for evolutionary theory, a fundamental part of modern biology. In five
states, nearly 1 in 5 teachers do not accept the scientific validity of
evolutionary theory. In Texas, Louisiana and Minnesota, more than 1 in 5
teachers say they accept the scientific validity of creationism -- rejecting
common ancestry of living things and accepting the involvement of a supernatural
force in the development of life on Earth.

Intelligent design advocates insist that they're not pushing creationism, which
the U.S. Supreme Court in 1987 found unconstitutional for public school science
classes. While they accept some aspects of evolutionary theory and insist that
intelligent design is a scientific concept, they argue that causes other than
those accepted by mainstream science should be included to explain the
complexity of life.

The line between tscience and religion is being tested lately in ways both new
and familiar to those who have studied Charles Darwin's bumpy ride through the
American scene. Historian Edward J. Larson, who has written several books on the
creationism-evolution conflict in the United States, says religiously based
opposition to evolutionary theory simmers constantly in this country, and every
so often, when cultural conditions are right, the argument breaks into general
notice. "It's like phases of the moon," he said.

Consider this phase active. The Dover, Pa., school district's attempt to
recommend intelligent design to biology students awaits a ruling by a U.S.
district judge in Pennsylvania. Another evolution challenge is expected to go
before a federal appeals court next month in a Georgia school district case.
Both cases involve disclaimers -- one spoken, one affixed to textbooks -- saying
evolutionary science is "a theory, not a fact."

Moves are afoot in Michigan and Indiana legislatures to revise science education
standards to challenge evolutionary theory, and Kansas adopted standards this
month to expand the bounds of scientific inquiry beyond the confines of the
natural world. The move reversing a few centuries of scientific devotion to
"methodological naturalism" was considered friendly to intelligent design
proponents.

LOAD-DATE: December 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              270 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                          February 21, 2001 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

``Battle in Seattle'' depicted in film showing in Nelson

BYLINE: Stephen Fowler, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: ARTS; Art's Alive!; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 734  words


Democracy is coming to Nelson.

This is What Democracy Looks Like, a 70-minute documentary about the Battle in
Seattle during the World Trade Organization conference in November and December,
1999, will be screened at Sidewinders Cafe, 696 Baker St. on Wednesday, February
28th at 7:30 p.m.

A co-production of the Independent Media Center and Big Noise Films, This is
What Democracy Looks Like was edited from over 300 hours of video shot by more
than 100 media activists during ``the week that changed the world.''

The Independent Media Center is an international grassroots organization
committed to using media production and distribution as tools for promoting
social and economic justice.

Big Noise Films is a non-profit media collective that believes that the
corporate media ``distorts, marginalizes and co-opts subversive cultural
voices.''

With a driving soundtrack by Rage Against the Machine, DJ Shadow, DJ Splice, and
Cypher A.D, and with narration by Susan Sarandon and Michael Franti, This is
What Democracy Looks Like captures the raw energy of the WTO protests by people
who were right in the middle of it.

- - -

Marilyn Engle is coming back to Nelson to lead a workshop on Baroque Music on
Saturday, February 24th at the Nelson United Church from 10 a.m. to noon.

This award winning pianist was last here for a recital at the Capitol Theatre in
October 2000 but many music students will best remember her as one of the piano
adjudicators during the BC Festival of the Arts last May.

Engle has performed widely on radio and television and has given numerous solo
and chamber recitals and concerto appearances in Europe, the Orient, Israel and
North America.

A Professor of Music at the University of Calgary, Engle attended the Julliard
School and pursued graduate studies in musicology at New York University.

Sponsored by the Registered Music Teachers Association of Nelson, workshop fees
are $25 for adults and $10 for students.

- - -

The new HorseFly Literary Magazine, produced by KSA writing students, is holding
its second reading in a series of three at the Dancing Bear Inn, 171 Baker St.,
on Thursday, March 1st at 7:30 p.m.

This time, the writers will explore the theme of The Ides of March.

They're a couple of weeks early, of course, the ides of March falling on the
15th and thought to bring ill omen, especially to Julius Caesar. It was on the
ides of March, according to Shakespeare, the Caesar was assassinated.

The line-up at the reading features first and second year KSA students Stuart
Carlson, Jana Daniels, Renee Jackson, Clay McCann and Joy Moon as well as local
poet an performer Jessica Michaelofsky. Harpist Simone Varey will again provide
musical entertainment during the interval.

A suggested donation of $5 will be accepted at the door, as will any daggers you
might have about your person.

- - -

The Queens Hotel is opening its doors in an effort to help the Capitol Theatre
with their financial woes.

Starting on Tuesday, March 6th through to Saturday the 10th, they'll be donating
all the proceeds form the door.

Six local bands will be helping out on the Friday and Saturday, but it's the
beginning of the week that puts this benefit out of the ordinary.

The Northern Pikes will be at the Queens that Tuesday.

After fourteen years, eight albums and eight Juno nominations, the Northern
Pikes have become a household name.

Their 1987 debut album Big Blue Sky, set the Pikes apart from the rest of the
Canadian Rock scene.

After recording the theme song for the TV series, Due South and releasing two
albums in 1993, they took a break for a few years.

They've just released a new album, Truest Inspiration and are out on tour.

Tickets for the Northern Pikes are $10 in advance and $12 at the door.

- - -

Theres only one week left to submit your video for consideration in the Kootenay
Big Screen Premiers and Kootenay Mini Mountain Fest. The deadline is Wednesday,
February 28th.

The films chosen for these events will be shown in Nelson at the Civic Theatre
during the Moving Pictures Film Festival, March 23rd to 25th.

For more information visit the KFVC web site and click on "screenings" at

http://www.angelfire.com/film/kfvc/index.html or call Robert Irving at (250)
229-2209.

- - -

Aerofit Fitness Centre is offering on-going Bellydance classes on Tuesdays from
1 to 1:50 p.m. and Thursdays from 12:05 to 12:50 p.m.

The first class is free. Call Aerofit at 352-6667 for more information.

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2001 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              271 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                The Berkshire Eagle (Pittsfield, Massachusetts)

                            April 28, 2011 Thursday

Mass. gov. snipes birthers

SECTION: STATE

LENGTH: 536 words


Friday April 29, 2011

BOSTON (AP) -- Gov. Deval Patrick chided Donald Trump and others who questioned
President Barack Obama's birth records, calling it a "new low" in politics and
an attempt by critics to marginalize the president.

"I hope and I believe that the American people are bigger and better than this,"
Patrick said Thursday during his monthly "Ask the Governor" program on WTKK-FM.
"I hope and believe that the Republican party is bigger and better than this. So
let's move on."

The comments came one day after Obama, a close friend and political ally of
Patrick, released copies of his long form birth certificate that showed he was
born in Hawaii.

Patrick said he did not know whether race was a factor in the so-called
"birther" movement, but added: "Whatever is motivating it, it feels like a new
low in American politics."

Asked about the role in the controversy of Trump, a potential presidential
candidate, Patrick derisively referred to past bankruptcy cases involving
Trump's business interests.

"That a character like Donald Trump gets the kind of attention he gets from some
of these really ridiculous charges reflects poorly on all of us," the governor
said.

On another political topic, Patrick once again declared -- in some of the
strongest terms yet -- that he had no interest in running next year for the U.S.
Senate seat held by Republican Scott Brown.

The governor added that he would not enter the race even if Obama were to
personally ask him to run.

"I would say 'no' to the president of the United States. The president and I
have had conversations about other things ... he had some interest in my doing
and I have said no because the only job in politics that I want is the one I
have," he said.

Also during Thursday's program:

-- Patrick said he had questions in his mind about whether nonprofit insurance
companies in Massachusetts really deserve to keep their nonprofit status.

"These are great companies, great corporate citizens ... but they don't in other
ways look and smell like not-for- profits," Patrick said.

Among other things, the governor said he was troubled by the large cash reserves
kept by the firms. But he did not say whether he would consider pushing for a
change in the nonprofit status.

-- Asked about the ongoing municipal health care debate, the governor indicated
he was confident that the Legislature would ultimately send him a "good bill"
that would provide savings for cities and towns but also a "truncated form of
collective bargaining."

The House of Representatives angered public employee unions earlier this week by
voting to limit collective bargaining rights on health care benefits. The
governor on Wednesday asked both sides in the dispute to tone down their
rhetoric.

-- Patrick said he did not know whether he would be called to testify in the
corruption trial of former House Speaker Salvatore DiMasi and two co-defendants.
The governor, who is listed as a possible witness for both the prosecution and
the defense, said his administration has fully cooperated in the probe.

DiMasi is charged in a scheme to rig lucrative state software contracts in
exchange for payments. He has pleaded not guilty and jury selection for the
trial began earlier in the week.

LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              272 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 22, 2016 Friday
                          SPORTS FINAL REPLATE EDITION

NBA stand sets stage for further changes

BYLINE: BY EBENEZER SAMUEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 744 words


Carmelo Anthony and LeBron James and so many other athletes have talked of
taking action, of forcing much-needed social change.

And on Thursday, there finally was action. But it didn't come from an athlete.

It came from a league.

With little indication that North Carolina state legislators were going to
reconsider their bigoted House Bill 2, aka "The Bathroom Bill," that would ban
transgender people from using the bathroom of their gender identification - a
bill seemingly designed to marginalize the LGBT community - the NBA announced
that it is pulling its 2017 All-Star Game out of Charlotte.

No replacement location has been named, although the league is strongly
considering taking their All-Star spectacle to New Orleans, according to The
Vertical. And while Mayor Bill de Blasio is throwing New York's name into the
ring, New Orleans just might be a better choice.

In one move, NBA commissioner Adam Silver is taking a stand against LGBT
discrimination and potentially setting a stage for an even larger stand against
violence. He's also following through on a threat he first issued in March, when
he voiced concerns over the bill and hinted that those concerns could prompt the
league to move its midseason showcase elsewhere. North Carolina apparently
didn't take him seriously, so a move was made.

"Since March, when North Carolina enacted HB2 and the issue of legal protections
for the LGBT community in Charlotte became prominent, the NBA and the Charlotte
Hornets have been working diligently to foster constructive dialogue and try to
effect positive change," the league said in a statement. "While we recognize
that the NBA cannot choose the law in every city, state and country in which we
do business, we do not believe we can successfully host our All-Star festivities
in Charlotte in the climate created by HB2."

It's the kind of hardline stance that's rarely seen from a pro sports league ,
where money typically reigns above all. But the NBA is using its sizable wallet
to make a point.

Pro athletes looking to make their own statements should take note of the
action: As much as Anthony's eloquence at the ESPYs may spur action, the
movement of his finances can do even more. Money remains the only language that
lawmakers universally understand, and if players are serious about their desires
to push social change, that must be realized. The speeches are brilliant, but if
Anthony and Co. really want to make their points, they should keep Silver's
actions in mind when they head out on their free-agent tours.

North Carolina certainly didn't keep Silver in mind and perhaps didn't buy the
NBA's threat, because we've rarely seen an activist move like this from a league
before. Just two months ago, the NFL declined to move its owners meetings from
Charlotte, in part because, as Giants owner John Mara said at the time, it
wanted to push a message of "inclusion" to North Carolina.

Sadly, that didn't work, and the state kept the discriminatory bill on track. No
matter what you think of the LGBT community, no matter what your faith or
religion or life experience dictate, House Bill 2 seemed a train wreck from the
start, discriminating against an entire group in barely enforceable fashion. Who
keeps a birth certificate in their back pocket for public bathroom evaluation in
the first place?

The NBA makes a strong statement on this by moving, by leaving a city and a
franchise that could desperately have used the All-Star weekend influx of cash,
sending a message to the rest of the nation: If lawmakers don't handle things
properly, the NBA can go elsewhere.

And the league's next statement could be just as potent. An All-Star Weekend in
New Orleans, so close to the site of so much violence in recent weeks, could do
more than simply pump NBA dollars into the city.

If the NBA lands at the Smoothie King Center next February, it opens the door
for the league to actively assist in the healing process of a community, with
NBA stars such as Anthony and James attending community events that bring police
officers and citizens together. All-Star Weekend offers a platform for players
to deliver positivity to all of New Orleans; perhaps Anthony runs a town hall
meeting (something he's spoken of doing in California) or perhaps James and
local star Anthony Davis meet with New Orleans government.

The possibilities are endless, but it all starts with the NBA's willingness to
amplify its voice with the loudest microphone available: it's wallet.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                              273 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 March 1, 2000, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

THE 2000 CAMPAIGN: THE ARIZONA SENATOR;
McCain, in Further Attack, Calls Leaders of Christian Right 'Evil'

BYLINE: By DAVID BARSTOW

SECTION: Section A; Page 18; Column 1; National Desk

LENGTH: 834 words

DATELINE: BAKERSFIELD, Calif., Feb. 29


Senator John McCain intensified the battle over the political power of the
religious right today as he accused Pat Robertson and the Rev. Jerry Falwell of
having an "evil influence" over the Republican Party.

At the same time, Gov. George W. Bush sharply attacked Mr. McCain, his rival for
the Republican presidential nomination, for "pitting one religion against
another."

Their comments today came as the see-saw struggle for the nomination tilted once
again to the Bush side with the Texas governor winning a lopsided victory over
Mr. McCain in the Virginia primary. Speaking in Cincinnati, Mr. Bush said the
Virginia results brought the Republicans "one step closer to victory."

But Mr. McCain's statements today, following his attack on the leaders of the
Christian right on Monday, seemed to continue if not escalate his effort to
marginalize what has been an important segment of the Republican Party for two
decades.

In his speech on Monday, Mr. McCain called Mr. Robertson and Mr. Falwell -- both
supporters of Mr. Bush -- "agents of intolerance." Today, he went further,
criticizing them for "the evil influence that they exercise over the Republican
Party."

Even though Mr. McCain's assault on the Christian Right did him little good, if
any, with voters in Virginia, he is casting himself as the one candidate who can
rescue the Republican Party from religious leaders who, he argues, preach "a
message of intolerance and exclusion."

Mr. McCain has portrayed Mr. Bush as deeply indebted to the leadership of the
Christian right, which sprang to his aid during the bitter weeks of campaigning
in South Carolina before that state's Republican primary on Feb. 19.

To further the effort, Mr. McCain's campaign said today that it had been
telephoning voters in Washington State, which also held its Republican primary
today. The calls, McCain aides said, alerted voters that Mr. Bush had campaigned
at Bob Jones University in South Carolina without condemning that institution's
anti-Catholic teachings.

In addition, Mr. McCain complained today about "vicious attacks" by leaders of
the religious right on Gen. Colin L. Powell, the former chairman of the Joint
Chiefs of Staff, and on former Senator Warren B. Rudman of New Hampshire, the
co-chairman of Mr. McCain's national campaign.

Aides to Mr. Falwell and Mr. Robertson said both men declined to comment on Mr.
McCain's attacks.

In Stockton, Calif., a reporter asked Mr. McCain whether he was worried that his
speech on Monday would fracture a winning coalition for the Republican Party.

"Excuse me," Mr. McCain cut in. "A winning coalition? Which winning coalition
are we talking about in a state that has lost the last two presidential
elections, that has lost the last two Congressional elections. Here in
California, it's been an electoral disaster."

Mr. McCain also said today that he would participate after all in a debate here
on Thursday night. The debate, sponsored by The Los Angeles Times, is to be
broadcast live on CNN. On Sunday, Mr. McCain's aides said that he had pulled out
of the debate to campaign in New York.

The decision to pull out brought a wave of unfavorable news coverage, and the
Bush campaign gleefully portrayed it as a strategic retreat by Mr. McCain, who
continues to trail badly among California Republicans.

Mr. McCain's aides tried to counter that impression by citing all the time and
television money they are spending in California. But they came to recognize
that it simply looked terrible for their candidate not to appear at the only
debate scheduled before this state's primary on March 7.

Mr. McCain plans now to participate by satellite hook-up, and Mr. Bush's staff
said the governor might follow suit.

But in addressing one controversy, Mr. McCain created another about his level of
candor when reporters confront him with questions about the conduct of his
campaign.

Last week, Mr. McCain and his aides first denied responsibility for a series of
telephone calls to Roman Catholic voters in Michigan discussing Mr. Bush's
appearance at Bob Jones University. Later, they acknowledged that the campaign
had paid a telemarketing firm $8,000 to make 24,000 phone calls.

This morning, when first asked whether he had ruled out appearing at the debate,
either in person or by satellite feed, Mr. McCain replied in seemingly
unambiguous terms.

"There's no possible way," he said, adding that "we cannot flex our schedule" to
debate Mr. Bush.

An hour later, minutes after finishing a town hall meeting, Mr. McCain called a
news conference to say he would debate after all.

Finally, under persistent questioning, Mr. McCain acknowledged he had not been
candid.

"As frank and honest and straight talk as our express is, sometimes I don't
share all of the inner workings and contemplations of our campaign," he said.

"Until we were ready to make that change, I apologize for not sharing my musings
with you as to how we achieve being in the debate," he said.


http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: March 1, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Senator John McCain, center, conferred yesterday with his
strategists, Mike Murphy, left, and Kenneth Khachigian, just before announcing
his plan to debate Gov. George W. Bush via satellite on Thursday night. (Ruth
Fremson/The New York Times)


                   Copyright 2000 The New York Times Company


                              274 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday

LENGTH: 694 words


NEW YORK - In a year of diplomatic breakthroughs, President Barack Obama can't
escape the shadow of Syria's intractable crisis.

Obama arrived for his annual trip to the United Nations this week eager to tout
the restoration of U.S. diplomatic ties with Cuba and the completion of a
landmark nuclear accord with Iran. To the president, the openings with Cuba and
Iran aren't just validation of his own belief in the pursuit of diplomacy over
military force, but also affirmation of a broader international order that
marginalizes bad actors while giving them clear pathways to redemption.

The chaos in Syria, however, has defied all that. He returned to Washington on
Tuesday with the path forward no clearer than when he arrived in New York, even
after lengthy talks with Russian President Vladimir Putin, Syria's most powerful
backer.

NATION

ENVIRONMENTAL GROUPS SEEK END TO ALL ARCTIC DRILLING: Royal Dutch Shell's
decision to end its quest for oil in the Arctic waters off Alaska sparked
jubilation among environmental activists, who said Tuesday they will seize the
opportunity to seek an end to all drilling in the region.

But while Shell's move is a definite setback for oil companies, it doesn't mean
offshore drilling is dead or that the Arctic Ocean has any greater protection.

Shell's decision gives advocates on both sides a chance to pause and consider
whether Arctic drilling should continue, said Mike LeVine, of the ocean-advocacy
group Oceana in Juneau, Alaska.

AUTHORITIES ASK FAMILIES OF MISSING PERSONS FOR DNA, RECORDS: Authorities are
urging Southern California residents with missing family members to give DNA
samples to try to find them among unidentified human remains.

In Orange County, the Sheriff's Department Coroner Division is hosting an event
Saturday to try to identify the missing by speaking with their relatives and
collecting photographs, dental records and DNA swabs. Similar events have been
held in Michigan and New York and are becoming more common across the country as
investigators rely on ever-improving DNA technology to make connections.

CONGRESS: U.S. FAILS TO STOP MOST PEOPLE TRYING TO JOIN TERRORISTS: The
government has largely failed to stop more than 250 Americans who have traveled
overseas since 2011 to join or try to join terrorist groups, including the
Islamic State group, a new congressional study concluded Tuesday.

"The findings are concerning; we are losing in this struggle to keep Americans
from the battlefield," House Homeland Security Committee Chairman Michael McCaul
said after his committee released the 65-page report.

WORLD

TALIBAN TIGHTEN HOLD ON AFGHAN CITY DESPITE U.S. AIRSTRIKES: A day after a
strategic northern city fell to the Taliban, the insurgents fanned out in full
force Tuesday, closing roads, throwing up checkpoints and torching government
buildings as fearful residents huddled indoors amid signs a promised
counteroffensive was faltering.

U.S. warplanes carried out two airstrikes on Taliban positions, but government
ground troops sent to try to retake Kunduz, one of Afghanistan's wealthiest
cities, were stalled by roadblocks and ambushes, unable to move closer than
about a mile toward their target. A NATO officer said more airstrikes were
unlikely.

SEARCH FOR EGYPT'S NEFERTITI GAINS NEW MOMENTUM: The search for ancient Egypt's
Queen Nefertiti in an alleged hidden chamber in King Tut's tomb gained new
momentum as Egypt's Antiquities Minister said Tuesday he is now more convinced a
queen's tomb may lay hidden behind King Tutankhamun's final resting place.

While touring the burial sites of pharaohs in Luxor's famed Valley of the Kings
with British Egyptologist Nicholas Reeves, Minister Mamdouh el-Damaty said he
now thinks King Tut's 3,300 year-old mausoleum probably contains at least one
hidden chamber.

BURKINA FASO ATTACKS COUP LEADERS' BARRACKS: Burkina Faso's army took over the
barracks of the presidential guard that carried out a short-lived coup this
month, barraging them with gunfire Tuesday after they refused to disarm, the
government said.

The government confirmed the takeover on national TV but gave no immediate
casualty toll.

FROM WIRE REPORTS

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              275 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                October 21, 1998 Wednesday MORNING FINAL EDITION

WASHINGTON STATE SPLIT ON PROP. 209 CLONE

BYLINE: PATRICK MAY, Mercury News Staff Writer

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1514 words

DATELINE: SEATTLE


Faced with a state ballot initiative that would end race and sex preferences in
government hiring and public education -- a fraternal twin of California's
2-year-old Proposition 209 -- voters in this more-liberal-than-thou city are
catching a curious reflection of themselves in the public-opinion polls.

What's surprising is not that 44 percent of those polled two weeks ago said
they'll vote against Initiative 200. It's that another 44 percent said they're
for it.

"And if it's 50-50 here in Seattle, arguably the most liberal place this side of
Madison, Wis.," said pollster Stuart Elway, "that's not a good sign for I-200's
opponents."

And time's running out. Foes of I-200 plan to spend buckets of cash before the
Nov. 3 election to get out their message: "What this is really about," said
Michelle Ackermann of the No!200 campaign, housed in a Seattle office building
targeted for demolition, "is ending affirmative action in this state. Washington
prides itself on its values of inclusion and fairness. I-200 is going to just
whip the ladder out from beneath those who need it the most."

Connerly's role

To the contrary, said Ward Connerly, the African-American University of
California regent who led the 1996 drive to end race- and sex-based preferences
in California before lending his support to the fledgling campaign in the
Northwest.

"It doesn't take an idiot to realize the flip side of giving a preference to one
person is discriminating against another," said Connerly, who dismisses critics'
claim that the ballot language is misleading and favors a "yes" vote.
"Preference based on race marginalizes black people."

"This mindset that blacks and women and Latinos can't do something without
having some sort of edge is in itself a form of racism," Connerly said.

Support for I-200 in the polls has run at more than 60 percent statewide since
January. Much of eastern Washington, typically the more conservative flank of
the state, has come out most strongly in favor of I-200, though nearly 20
percent of voters there remain undecided. So Seattle, the liberal King County
bastion that tends to vote Democratic, may turn out to be the battleground over
I-200.

While the city tries to make up its mind, the country watches to see ifanother
state will follow California's lead.

If Washington voters -- a predominantly white electorate -- agree to kill
state-supported affirmative action, initiative backers figure they'll have a
much better shot nationally at launching a mainstream movement. Right now,
anti-affirmative-action campaigns are stalled in as many as 16 states.

I-200 was spawned last year by a Washington state lawmaker with a beef about
what he saw as discriminatory hiring practices at a county police department.
Seven years ago, Rep. Scott Smith, a Republican from south of Seattle, and his
wife applied for jobs as police officers. Though his wife scored lower on the
entrance exam, she got a job offer. "I felt it was unethical," Smith told
reporters, "to hire someone because of gender."

Mirroring California

The campaign to place the so-called Washington Civil Rights Initiative on the
ballot was a carbon copy of California's 209 effort: the wording of I-200 mimics
California's ballot title, with neither mentioning the words "affirmative
action." Both campaigns worked closely with Connerly. And Washington's campaign,
like California's, chose an outspoken black as co-chair -- a retired homemaker
named Mary Radcliffe.

"Government is working on the wrong end of the problem by pushing affirmative
action," said Radcliffe, who suggests the best way to help minority students
would be through education reform at the grade-school level, not through giving
them an admission boost into college.

"I-200 will prod black people to work twice as hard to get into the jobs and
schools they want," she said. "Some of them are still waiting for their 40 acres
and a mule. But I have faith in blacks that once you remove the crutch (of
racial preferences), people will excel."

Beyond race, I-200 foes -- including the Seattle Times and its male publisher --
are pushing another message hard: that the primary beneficiaries of affirmative
action in Washington state -- and hence, the ones who now stand to lose the most
-- are white women. "In this state, as opposed to California, the measure is
really a question of gender," Ackermann said. "The proponents focus mainly on
race, saying that 200 will result in a colorblind society, but there's no
mention of its effects on women."

Ackermann quotes a U.S. Department of Labor survey showing women earn 75 cents
to every dollar men earn for the same work, and that only 3 to 5 percent of
senior management positions are held by women.

"I don't want my 2-year-old daughter facing the same obstacles I faced 20 years
ago," said Tammy Kincaid of the Greater Seattle Chamber of Commerce, which has
galvanized much of the state's corporate world against the ballot measure.

Opponents of the initiative say affirmative action has helped open doors for
members of minority groups and for women who would otherwise be left outside,
and that it's too soon for government to withdraw that helping hand. Two years
ago voters in Washington, whose minority population is 14 percent, made Gary
Locke the first Asian-American governor on the U.S. mainland. Locke, who has
rallied business support and money against I-200, reminds the electorate that he
benefited from affirmative action.

"Many whites feel that especially over the past 20 years, the playing field has
been leveled," said Larry Gossett, a black King County council member who has
come out strongly against I-200. "But look at the facts: Black King County
residents still have an 8 1/2-year shorter lifespan than whites because of
poverty, according to a health department study. And the gap is growing."

As in California, where 54 percent of voters approved Proposition 209, opponents
say the electorate is being deliberately confused, starting with the wording of
the ballot measure: "Shall government be prohibited from discriminating or
granting preferential treatment based on race, sex, color, ethnicity, or
national origin in public employment, education, and contracting?"

Voter approval for a proposition worded that way is a no-brainer, said No!200
campaign manager Kelly Evans. But she points to polls that show much more
ambivalence when voters are told I-200 would effectively end affirmative action
in the state.

Effect on outreach

Opponents are cranking up an 11th-hour campaign to explain what they say is the
measure's true intent: to not only kill race-based job set-asides and academic
admission policies, but also end outreach programs targeting minority and female
government job candidates and college students. And they point to California --
where Gov. Pete Wilson moved to dismantle several outreach programs after 209
passed -- as proof that I-200 would cut a wide swath into gains made by
historically disadvantaged groups.

I-200 opponents warn that the measure threatens everything from programs that
encourage minority high-school students to pursue teaching careers to research
programs dedicated to curing breast cancer. Some of their claims go even
further. "I-200 could end the search for bone-marrow donors," said the Chamber's
Kincaid.

No!200's effort to link the measure to affirmative action could actually be its
downfall, said Elway, the state's leading pollster.

"The label of 'affirmative action' has all this baggage in voters' minds," he
said. "They think it means 'quotas,' which most people object to. They say,
'We're all for helping our little girls learn science and minorities get jobs,
but we're against affirmative action.' "

So by pushing for an affirmative-action link, he said, the No!200 people "are
making a tactical mistake."

Connerly also said his opponents are helping his cause "every time they make
that argument, because they're showing people that affirmative action and
preferences are the same thing." "

Tenor increases

Foes insist I-200 is the work of rabble-rousing out-of-staters.

Replies Connerly of California: "I pay one hell of a lot of federal taxes and
much of them go into Washington state. Saying I have no right to be there is the
same crap they used to say about Martin Luther King being an 'outside agitator.'
"

Backers cry that preferences encourage resentment and division among races.

Replies Jim Cullinan, press officer for Redmond-based Microsoft, one of No!200's
big backers: "We believe diversity, thanks to affirmative action, has benefited
Microsoft's workforce by providing input from a wide range of viewpoints."

While the two sides debate the best path to take to a colorblind society, even
the initiative's foes would probably embrace Radcliffe's vision of that
destination.

"My hope," said the proponents' co-chair, "is that 200 will encourage all people
to start looking at their real abilities, and not let someone else tell them
what they are because of their gender or the color of their skin."

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: ELECTION '98
RELATED STORIES: pages 1A & 6A

                     Copyright 1998 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              276 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             March 22, 2011 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

New wave of abortion laws limits women's right to choose

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 609 words


Twice in recent years, abortion-rights opponents went to the ballot box in bids
to ban abortion in South Dakota. And twice they lost. The second time, in 2008,
55% of state voters rejected a proposition that would have prohibited abortion,
with exceptions for rape, incest or the mother's health. Abortion remains legal
in South Dakota, as its voters wish.

But legal doesn't necessarily mean accessible. In South Dakota and in
legislatures across the USA, this is proving to be a banner year for lawmakers
attempting to marginalize a woman's right to choose, under the guise of other
objectives.

Take just two of the new obstacles South Dakota lawmakers would place in a
woman's path.

One would require that women wait 72 hours after consulting with a doctor before
getting the procedure. Reasonable on the surface, perhaps, but not when you
consider the circumstances. Non-emergency abortions in South Dakota are
available only at a single Planned Parenthood clinic in Sioux Falls, which
performs abortions one day each week when a doctor flies in from Minnesota. If a
woman lives in Rapid City, that's a 700-mile round trip. Under the legislation,
she'd have to make the trek twice, or find a place to stay in Sioux Falls during
the waiting period. Never mind that the vast majority of women seeking abortions
surely give the decision plenty of thought before going to a doctor.

The same bill, passed by the Legislature and awaiting the governor's signature,
would require that women hear what amounts to political persuasion by opponents
of legal abortion who run "pregnancy help centers." Women must get a
"consultation" at a center and sign a statement saying that they have. This is
no more acceptable than it would be for government to force a pregnant woman who
wants to give up her infant for adoption to consult with an abortion provider.
Such demands go far beyond the government's proper role in any medical decision.

Elsewhere, abortion-rights opponents already have managed to cut off insurance
coverage for the procedure for large numbers of women. With rare exceptions,
federal funds for abortions are banned for women covered by military insurance,
Medicaid and the health benefits program for federal workers.

Now, Utah is about to ban abortion coverage, with limited exceptions, in private
health plans that women pay for themselves. Eight other states are moving to do
the same thing. Last year, five states passed laws to ensure that private plans
offered on state exchanges, to be set up in 2014 under the new federal health
care law, won't pay for abortions. This is excessive government meddling. People
should be free to choose the insurance plan that best suits them, and insurers
should be free to offer plans that serve people's needs.

Other states are seeking to emulate a 2010 Nebraska law that bars most abortions
at and after the 20th week of pregnancy, even though the law conflicts with the
1973 ruling that legalized abortion. Still others have regulated abortion
clinics almost out of existence. In Mississippi, just one clinic remains. In
Virginia, where clinics are already regulated like doctor's offices and some
surgical centers, which is appropriate, some lawmakers want abortion clinics to
meet the stringent requirements of hospitals, which might force clinics to
close. There is no evidence of medical problems to support such burdensome
regulation.

No one expects abortion-rights foes to stop fighting for their deeply held
beliefs. But they go too far when they try to force those beliefs on women who
don't agree, seeking to ban through the back door what they are unable to outlaw
through the courts or Congress.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: GRAPHIC, B/W, Janet Loehrke, USA TODAY, Source: Guttmacher Institute
(Line graph)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2011 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              277 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                            October 2, 2014 Thursday
                               THU FINAL Edition

500-TD club

BYLINE: Troy E. Renck

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 773 words


The temptation to marginalize the number exists. Footballs fly through the air
with alarming frequency in today's NFL. Many are caught in the end zone.

At some point Sunday against the Arizona Cardinals, Peyton Manning probably will
take a shotgun snap, pitter pat his feet, cock his arm and throw himself into
the arms of history. The significance of his 500th touchdown pass will resonate,
probably with a Jumbo Tron moment and a standing ovation from a sellout crowd at
Sports Authority Field at Mile High.

The NFL began 94 years ago. In that time, 1,249 players have thrown touchdown
passes. There is one member of the Fortune 500 club: Brett Favre with 508. Let
that sink in.

Manning, with his next touchdown pass, will join him.

"You don't throw that many touchdowns without a lot of help," Manning said
Wednesday. "When I reflect on it, I think about how grateful I am to have played
with some great teammates in all positions and that I had excellent coaching."

The true meaning will be understood not in the coming days, but in years. Sunday
viewing fools us, makes passing records seem temporary. Yet in mathematical
terms and MRIs, Manning's feat should be interpreted no differently from 700
major league home runs, an eye opening accomplishment few others, if any, will
reach.

"Ridiculous. Five hundred is just a ridiculous number," said longtime pass
rushing great DeMarcus Ware. "It defines his consistency. No matter what
obstacle you put in front of him, he has still found a way to produce for a
long, long time."

It's impossible to diminish Manning's statistics, even with the rules favoring
receivers and linemen more equipped to protect passers.

Plenty of quarterbacks carried the ambition to reach 500. Only one had the
health, durability, talent and personnel to pull it off. The others haven't
sniffed it. New Orleans Saints quarterback Drew Brees, second to Manning among
active players, sits at 370 touchdown passes. The New England Patriots' Tom
Brady owns 363, and eclipsing 400 appears difficult given his current crop of
receivers.

"That number 500. It' s so big. It's not first downs. We're talking about
touchdowns," Broncos safety T.J. Ward said. "It's amazing. It's not going to be
easy for anyone else to get it. It's just not."

Manning benefited from predictability. He played every single game in
Indianapolis with offensive coordinator Tom Moore on the sideline. He received
good protection from his offensive line, as former Colts center Jeff Saturday
likes to remind him. And he learned from his mistakes, racing to records after
setting the rookie mark for interceptions in a season.

"That turnaround he made from the first year to the second year, you saw the
greatness coming, the beginnings of the no huddle and how he was going to go
along with that," said Cardinals coach Bruce Arians, who worked with Manning
with the Colts. "He really took it to a whole new level."

Manning is not just a compiler. He makes those around him better and hits
milestones in breathtaking fashion. According to the Elias Sports Bureau,
Manning was the second fastest to 200 touchdown passes, tied for first to 300
with Dan Marino and required the fewest games to post 400. If he reaches 500 on
Sunday, it will be in 49 fewer games than Favre.

"It'll be a great milestone for him. He'll probably brush it off like it's
another touchdown," defensive tackle Terrance Knighton said. "But I know it
means a lot to him."

Forty four players can boast of catching scoring passes from Manning. He
connected 112 times with Colts great Marvin Harrison, the most by any NFL duo.
Their relationship provided a glimpse of the history Manning would write over
the past 17 seasons.

"The first pass I ever threw was in a preseason game I threw a touchdown pass to
Marvin Harrison, and I thought in my head: 'I think we can throw the ball to
Marvin Harrison. It's a pretty good idea because good things can happen,' "
Manning said. "That's pretty much what happened every time I threw to him all
for those years good things. I think a lot of records will get broken. Players
are playing longer. The rules have changed somewhat. But that's one I was proud
of because of all the work Marvin and I put in together. All those touchdowns
resulted in a lot wins for our team, so I know I'm proud of that one."

Troy E. Renck: trenck@denverpost.com or twitter.com/troyrenck

Fortune 500

On his way to 500, Broncos quarterback Peyton Manning has thrown his 499
touchdown passes to 44 players. Here are the lucky ones involved in milestone
catches:

Football's evolution can be traced through the air. A timeline of the passing
touchdown milestones first reached:

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              278 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Berkeley: Questions surround plans to revitalize Adeline Street

BYLINE: By Judith Scherr Correspondent

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Oakland-Berkeley; News; Local

LENGTH: 677 words


BERKELEY -- When planners look at Adeline Street, they see opportunity.

"We have the auto dealership cluster, the farmers market, the flea market, great
restaurants and bakeries and a great arts district with theaters and galleries
and antiques," city planner Alisa Shen told some 150 people who gathered Jan. 31
at the South Berkeley Senior Center to launch a three-year planning effort to
revitalize the corridor.

"This plan is seeking to build on these great things," Shen said.

Most who spoke from the audience, however, warned that a development opportunity
for some might mean displacement for current businesses and residents in an area
that historically has been the heart of Berkeley's African American community.

"We need to make sure this development doesn't marginalize or disenfranchise a
group of people who have been living there for a long time," said Darryl
Bartlow, a resident of the area since 1953, characterizing the city planners'
talk as "a great sales presentation." It's appalling the demographic changes
that have taken place in the neighborhood," said Shyaam Shabaka, board chairman
of the Cooperative Credit Union, located at Ashby Avenue and Adeline, referring
to the exodus of the African American population.

Fighting gentrification "should be at the top of the list of challenges," he
said. "Everything else should be secondary."

The revitalization plan -- which includes south Shattuck Avenue from Dwight Way
to Ward Street, in addition to the Adeline corridor from Ward to the Oakland
border -- is supported by a three-year $750,000 Association of Bay Area
Governments and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission planning grant.

City staff presented statistics for the area: 12, 700 people, about 11 percent
of Berkeley's population, live within a quarter mile of the Adeline corridor
between Ward Street and the Oakland border; 25 percent are African American and
14 percent are Latinos, compared to 10-and-11 percent citywide.

The area has disproportionately higher recipients of federal assistance and
disproportionately lower educational and health levels than other parts of the
city.

The area's 190 businesses generate 8 percent of the city's sales taxes.

"That means this is a very important economic engine for the city," said city
Economic Development Director Michael Caplan. "It's very important to understand
the value of this area."

Caplan stressed the importance of the restaurant sector, saying "We need to do a
concerted effort to attract restaurants that have that catalytic effect so that
we can build on the clusters that we have."

But 10-year area resident Brian Edwards Tiekert noted that there are already
restaurants attracting a large African American clientele that he said are "not
the catalytic restaurant (the city is) looking for.

"My concern is that we seem to be having a conversation about how to build a
retail district serving a different kind of neighborhood."

Others speakers said the area needs affordable housing beyond the 73 units now
planned, along with the need for new construction in the area to create jobs for
African Americans, and the need to preserve the district's historic buildings.

One speaker suggested transforming part of the excessively wide street into
playgrounds, basketball courts, tennis courts and picnic areas.

Many criticized the city for limited outreach to the African American community
on the Saturday meeting.

City Councilman Max Anderson called on the community to organize to make sure
its needs are included in the plan and suggested the creation of a "friends of
the Adeline Corridor" group. City planners are forming a formal advisory
committee as part of the revitalization effort.

Mayor Tom Bates, who moderated the meeting, said he appreciates the need to
prevent the ills of gentrification.

"The problem with demographic changes is the market," he said. "It's really hard
to figure out how you stop people from selling their homes for higher prices
it's just happening."

For more information on the revitalization plan go to www.cityof
berkeley.info/adelinecorridor ---

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Live entertainment had the audience dancing at the annual Juneteenth
Festival, a June 15 street party on the Alcatraz-Adeline corridor.
Lowell Darling performs "borderline acupunture" with knitting needles at the
Oakland/Berkeley border at the site of the "HERE THERE" art installation by
Steve Gillman and Katherine Keefer on Adeline Street on June 7, 2010.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              279 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Berkeley: Questions surround plans to revitalize Adeline Street

BYLINE: By Judith Scherr Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 662 words


BERKELEY -- When planners look at Adeline Street, they see opportunity.

"We have the auto dealership cluster, the farmers market, the flea market, great
restaurants and bakeries, and a great arts district with theaters and galleries
and antiques," city planner Alisa Shen told some 150 people who gathered
Saturday at the South Berkeley Senior Center to launch a three-year planning
effort to revitalize the corridor.

"This plan is seeking to build on these great things," Shen said.

Most who spoke from the audience, however, warned that a development opportunity
for some might mean displacement for current businesses and residents in an area
that historically has been the heart of Berkeley's African-American community.

"We need to make sure this development doesn't marginalize or disenfranchise a
group of people who have been living there for a long time," said Darryl
Bartlow, a resident of the area since 1953, characterizing the city planners'
talk as "a great sales presentation."

"It's appalling the demographic changes that have taken place in the
neighborhood," said Shyaam Shabaka, board chairman of the Cooperative Center
Federal Credit Union, located at Ashby Avenue and Adeline, referring to the
exodus of the African-American population.

Fighting gentrification "should be at the top of the list of challenges," he
said. "Everything else should be secondary."

The revitalization plan -- which includes south Shattuck Avenue from Dwight Way
to Ward Street, in addition to the Adeline corridor from Ward to the Oakland
border -- is supported by a three-year $750,000 Association of Bay Area
Governments and Metropolitan Transportation Commission planning grant.

City staff presented statistics for the area: 12,700 people, about 11 percent of
Berkeley's population, live within a quarter of a mile of the Adeline corridor
between Ward Street and the Oakland border; 25 percent are African-American, and
14 percent are Latino, compared with 10 percent and 11 percent citywide.

The area has disproportionately higher recipients of federal assistance and
disproportionately lower educational and health levels than other parts of the
city.

The area's 190 businesses generate 8 percent of the city's sales taxes.

"That means this is a very important economic engine for the city," city
Economic Development Director Michael Caplan said. "It's very important to
understand the value of this area."

Caplan stressed the importance of the restaurant sector, saying, "We need to do
a concerted effort to attract restaurants that have that catalytic effect so
that we can build on the clusters that we have."

But 10-year area resident Brian Edwards Tiekert noted there are already
restaurants attracting a large African-American clientele that he said are "not
the catalytic restaurant (the city is) looking for."

"My concern is that we seem to be having a conversation about how to build a
retail district serving a different kind of neighborhood," he said.

Other speakers said the area needs affordable housing beyond the 73 units now
planned, new construction in the area to create jobs for African-Americans, and
the preservation of the district's historic buildings.

One speaker suggested transforming part of the excessively wide street into
playgrounds, basketball courts, tennis courts and picnic areas.

Many criticized the city for limited outreach to the African-American community
on the Saturday meeting.

Councilman Max Anderson called on the community to organize to make sure its
needs are included in the plan and suggested the creation of a "friends of the
Adeline corridor" group. City planners are forming a formal advisory committee
as part of the revitalization effort.

Mayor Tom Bates, who moderated the meeting, said he appreciates the need to
prevent the ills of gentrification.

"The problem with demographic changes is the market," he said. "It's really hard
to figure out how you stop people from selling their homes for higher prices --
it's just happening."

LOAD-DATE: February 6, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Live entertainment had the audience dancing at the annual Juneteenth
Festival, a June 15 street party on the Alcatraz-Adeline corridor.
Lowell Darling performs "borderline acupunture" with knitting needles at the
Oakland/Berkeley border at the site of the "HERE THERE" art installation by
Steve Gillman and Katherine Keefer on Adeline Street on June 7, 2010.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              280 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           February 4, 2015 Wednesday

Berkeley: Questions surround plans to revitalize Adeline Street

BYLINE: By Judith Scherr Correspondent

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 677 words


BERKELEY -- When planners look at Adeline Street, they see opportunity.

"We have the auto dealership cluster, the farmers market, the flea market, great
restaurants and bakeries and a great arts district with theaters and galleries
and antiques," city planner Alisa Shen told some 150 people who gathered Jan. 31
at the South Berkeley Senior Center to launch a three-year planning effort to
revitalize the corridor.

"This plan is seeking to build on these great things," Shen said.

Most who spoke from the audience, however, warned that a development opportunity
for some might mean displacement for current businesses and residents in an area
that historically has been the heart of Berkeley's African American community.

"We need to make sure this development doesn't marginalize or disenfranchise a
group of people who have been living there for a long time," said Darryl
Bartlow, a resident of the area since 1953, characterizing the city planners'
talk as "a great sales presentation." It's appalling the demographic changes
that have taken place in the neighborhood," said Shyaam Shabaka, board chairman
of the Cooperative Credit Union, located at Ashby Avenue and Adeline, referring
to the exodus of the African American population.

Fighting gentrification "should be at the top of the list of challenges," he
said. "Everything else should be secondary."

The revitalization plan -- which includes south Shattuck Avenue from Dwight Way
to Ward Street, in addition to the Adeline corridor from Ward to the Oakland
border -- is supported by a three-year $750,000 Association of Bay Area
Governments and the Metropolitan Transportation Commission planning grant.

City staff presented statistics for the area: 12, 700 people, about 11 percent
of Berkeley's population, live within a quarter mile of the Adeline corridor
between Ward Street and the Oakland border; 25 percent are African American and
14 percent are Latinos, compared to 10-and-11 percent citywide.

The area has disproportionately higher recipients of federal assistance and
disproportionately lower educational and health levels than other parts of the
city.

The area's 190 businesses generate 8 percent of the city's sales taxes.

"That means this is a very important economic engine for the city," said city
Economic Development Director Michael Caplan. "It's very important to understand
the value of this area."

Caplan stressed the importance of the restaurant sector, saying "We need to do a
concerted effort to attract restaurants that have that catalytic effect so that
we can build on the clusters that we have."

But 10-year area resident Brian Edwards Tiekert noted that there are already
restaurants attracting a large African American clientele that he said are "not
the catalytic restaurant (the city is) looking for.

"My concern is that we seem to be having a conversation about how to build a
retail district serving a different kind of neighborhood."

Others speakers said the area needs affordable housing beyond the 73 units now
planned, along with the need for new construction in the area to create jobs for
African Americans, and the need to preserve the district's historic buildings.

One speaker suggested transforming part of the excessively wide street into
playgrounds, basketball courts, tennis courts and picnic areas.

Many criticized the city for limited outreach to the African American community
on the Saturday meeting.

City Councilman Max Anderson called on the community to organize to make sure
its needs are included in the plan and suggested the creation of a "friends of
the Adeline Corridor" group. City planners are forming a formal advisory
committee as part of the revitalization effort.

Mayor Tom Bates, who moderated the meeting, said he appreciates the need to
prevent the ills of gentrification.

"The problem with demographic changes is the market," he said. "It's really hard
to figure out how you stop people from selling their homes for higher prices
it's just happening."

For more information on the revitalization plan go to www.cityof
berkeley.info/adelinecorridor

---

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              281 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                            February 3, 2015 Tuesday

Berkeley: Questions surround plans to revitalize Adeline Street

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 662 words


BERKELEY -- When planners look at Adeline Street, they see opportunity.

"We have the auto dealership cluster, the farmers market, the flea market, great
restaurants and bakeries, and a great arts district with theaters and galleries
and antiques," city planner Alisa Shen told some 150 people who gathered
Saturday at the South Berkeley Senior Center to launch a three-year planning
effort to revitalize the corridor.

"This plan is seeking to build on these great things," Shen said.

Most who spoke from the audience, however, warned that a development opportunity
for some might mean displacement for current businesses and residents in an area
that historically has been the heart of Berkeley's African-American community.

"We need to make sure this development doesn't marginalize or disenfranchise a
group of people who have been living there for a long time," said Darryl
Bartlow, a resident of the area since 1953, characterizing the city planners'
talk as "a great sales presentation."

"It's appalling the demographic changes that have taken place in the
neighborhood," said Shyaam Shabaka, board chairman of the Cooperative Center
Federal Credit Union, located at Ashby Avenue and Adeline, referring to the
exodus of the African-American population.

Fighting gentrification "should be at the top of the list of challenges," he
said. "Everything else should be secondary."

The revitalization plan -- which includes south Shattuck Avenue from Dwight Way
to Ward Street, in addition to the Adeline corridor from Ward to the Oakland
border -- is supported by a three-year $750,000 Association of Bay Area
Governments and Metropolitan Transportation Commission planning grant.

City staff presented statistics for the area: 12,700 people, about 11 percent of
Berkeley's population, live within a quarter of a mile of the Adeline corridor
between Ward Street and the Oakland border; 25 percent are African-American, and
14 percent are Latino, compared with 10 percent and 11 percent citywide.

The area has disproportionately higher recipients of federal assistance and
disproportionately lower educational and health levels than other parts of the
city.

The area's 190 businesses generate 8 percent of the city's sales taxes.

"That means this is a very important economic engine for the city," city
Economic Development Director Michael Caplan said. "It's very important to
understand the value of this area."

Caplan stressed the importance of the restaurant sector, saying, "We need to do
a concerted effort to attract restaurants that have that catalytic effect so
that we can build on the clusters that we have."

But 10-year area resident Brian Edwards Tiekert noted there are already
restaurants attracting a large African-American clientele that he said are "not
the catalytic restaurant (the city is) looking for."

"My concern is that we seem to be having a conversation about how to build a
retail district serving a different kind of neighborhood," he said.

Other speakers said the area needs affordable housing beyond the 73 units now
planned, new construction in the area to create jobs for African-Americans, and
the preservation of the district's historic buildings.

One speaker suggested transforming part of the excessively wide street into
playgrounds, basketball courts, tennis courts and picnic areas.

Many criticized the city for limited outreach to the African-American community
on the Saturday meeting.

Councilman Max Anderson called on the community to organize to make sure its
needs are included in the plan and suggested the creation of a "friends of the
Adeline corridor" group. City planners are forming a formal advisory committee
as part of the revitalization effort.

Mayor Tom Bates, who moderated the meeting, said he appreciates the need to
prevent the ills of gentrification.

"The problem with demographic changes is the market," he said. "It's really hard
to figure out how you stop people from selling their homes for higher prices --
it's just happening."

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2015 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              282 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                             March 12, 2007 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: PASCO; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 455 words


Secure Our Borders

Regarding "More Than A Wall, Nation Needs Real Fixes For Immigration,"
editorial, March 1:

The Tribune describes those favoring 700 miles of border fence as "extremists."

In you rush to marginalize those who believe our borders should be protected and
our laws enforced, you have besmirched the reputations of 80 of our U.S.
senators, (including Bill Nelson and Mel Martinez of Florida) and the majority
of House members who voted for this legislation.

In addition, Nelson reports that his constituents support increased border
security by a 20 to 1 margin. More extremists?

The Tribune also urges Congress not to follow through on its commitments to the
American people and only build a partial fence. Nice!

The Tribune ignores that the existing fence in the San Diego area has reduced
illegal border activity by 95 percent. Or that 85 percent of illegal drugs
entering the U.S., millions of illegal aliens and almost certainly potential
terrorists come across the unfenced portion of our southern border almost at
will.

Hmm. Install a border fence to drastically reduce the aforementioned bad things
at the risk of, oh yes, perhaps "insulting" our neighbors to the south? Common
sense to the Tribune. CNN indicates that 85 percent of Mexicans entering this
country are coming illegally. It may be the time to start "insulting" someone!

That was a great idea on the national identification card. Let's inconvenience
our legal population rather than the people who enter our country illegally by
stopping them at the border. I believe this is what is called treating the
symptom rather than the disease.

TOM WALDBART

Wesley Chapel

No Laughing Matter

The Veterans of Country Place on State Road 54, in partnership with VFW Post
6180 Auxiliary in Hudson, are putting on a dance March 19 to raise money to
purchase "Silly String" to send to our troops in Iraq.

"Silly String" saves our troops from injuries and death when entering buildings
at night in Iraq. The troops shoot the "Silly String" into rooms and then shine
flashlights in the rooms. If the "Silly String" is hanging in the air, they know
the building is booby-trapped. This keeps them from entering.

If any persons or businesses would like to donate to this wonderful cause, they
may send their gift to Veterans of Country Place, 10534 Crimson Lane, New Port
Richey, 34655.

RICHARD KIMMEL

Vice Commander

Simple Question

Regarding "Tight Money Stalls Road Improvements," March 7:

Is it just me, or are the approval of new subdivisions, town home communities
and Wal-Marts the only decisions not delayed by Pasco County government
officials?

STEVE BYLE

Bayonet Point

Copyright © 2007, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: March 15, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2007 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              283 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                          September 17, 2016 Saturday
                                 FINAL EDITION

QB Etling set to get test with LSU

BYLINE:  Associated Press

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 355 words


The 20th-ranked Louisiana State University Tigers are about to get a better idea
of how concerned they should be about their quarterback play.

Danny Etling restored a measure of hope to the Death Valley faithful when he
relieved season-opening starter Brandon Harris and produced three straight
touchdown drives in a victory over Jacksonville State last weekend.

But he's bound to get a tougher test Saturday night when LSU (1-1) opens
Southeastern Conference play by hosting Mississippi State (1-1, 1-0).

LSU coach Les Miles said his goals this week have included "exposing" Etling to
"the things we need to have him do and allow him to show us that he can continue
to do what he's done."

But with much still unknown about what Etling can do in SEC play, Miles has been
careful not to marginalize Harris.

Etling completed six of his first eight passes for 100 yards, including a
46-yard touchdown strike, but finished six of 14 after missing on all six of his
second-half passes with two turnovers - an interception and fumble.

Mississippi State, which labored through a stunning season-opening loss to South
Alabama, rebounded with a 27-14 win in its SEC opener against South Carolina
last weekend. That gave the Bulldogs more confidence in sophomore quarterback
Nick Fitzgerald, who can give defenses fits with his feet.

Fitzgerald's 195 yards rushing against the Gamecocks set a school record .

Ole Miss braces for 'Bama - Mississippi coach Hugh Freeze says beating Alabama
isn't just about having a great plan or possessing physical talent.

The coach said players have to believe they can win the game. And when it comes
to that, the Rebels should be just fine.

No. 19 Mississippi (1-1) is a 10½-point underdog in its home matchup Saturday
afternoon with No. 1 Alabama (2-0) in the SEC opener for both teams. But the
Rebels have a two-game winning streak in the series.

"You have to believe that you can and our kids do," Freeze said. "We believe
that we can play with anyone in the country.That doesn't mean we can beat them
on any given day, but we do believe we have gotten to a point where we can step
on a field and compete with them."

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              284 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                    April 26, 1997, Saturday, Final Edition

Community Service? Students Volunteer Their Dissent

Megan Rosenfeld, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: STYLE; Pg. H01

LENGTH: 759 words


While President Clinton and his predecessors are hoping this weekend to focus
the country on the spirit of voluntary community service, one admittedly small
group of Scrooges is hoping we'll say, "Bah, humbug."

The Coalition of Students Against Servitude, adherents of the Ayn Rand
philosophy of objectivism, which puts self-interest first, will be picketing the
summit meeting in Philadelphia with signs that say things like "I Am Not a
Sacrificial Lamb" and "Bill Clinton Wants Your Life."

"We're easy to marginalize as self-indulgent bastards, but that's not really
what we're about," said Nicholas P. Provenzo, a George Washington University
senior, veteran of six years in the Marine Corps and full-time advocate of
objectivism. Organizers expect no more than about 60 protesters in Philadelphia
tomorrow, but that's a pretty big deal for a bunch of people who generally
eschew lowbrow activities like picketing.

"I'm a little worried about whether we come off as intellectuals or are
marginalized by the stigma attached to protesting," said Philip Klein, a GWU
freshman from New York City. "It's a difficult argument to reduce to a sound
bite," added Provenzo. "How do you fight a battle for the mind on the
battlefield of the mindless?"

Their argument goes something like this: Altruism is bad because it suggests
that serving others is a higher goal than serving yourself. If all people
operated on self-interest, they would work harder and be highly contributing
members of society. The call to community service, they say, is a form of moral
coercion, suggesting that those who do not take time from their hard work to
"change bedpans for AIDS patients" are immoral.

Objectivists say it's fine to do volunteer work but it should not be held up as
a superior act. "If some Sally Struthers finds joy in pouring warm porridge down
the throats of starving Rwandans, let them take their pleasure with my
blessing," writes grad student John Opfer in the current edition of Independence
Magazine, a student-run publication that Provenzo edits.

" 'Mein Kampf' is laced with appeals to help the community and hold the
community above individuals," said Students Against Servitude president Barry
Wood, a graduate student in art history at Harvard and head of its five-member
Objectivist Club. "It's the notion that other people have a claim on you when
you need the money, that's what's evil," he said. Wood said he volunteered at a
convalescent home in high school as a member of a church group and didn't like
it. He felt guilty about his feelings until he discovered Rand's writings. ("The
Fountainhead" and "Atlas Shrugged" are Rand's most popular novels. She died in
1982.)

What really gets their juices flowing is the prospect of mandatory community
service, such as Maryland's requirement for public high school students in order
to graduate. To hear them talk, this is akin to forced labor, and "grosser" than
slavery, as Wood put it. "This kind of ethics asks you to slap the chains on
yourself in the name of love," he said.

"Once it's required, it's no longer volunteerism," said Klein. "If you make me
do it, I am no longer free to live my life." (His private high school in New
York rescinded its community service requirement a year before he would have had
to comply, he said with relief.)

The focus of the Presidents' Summit for America's Future in Philadelphia is on
helping 2 million disadvantaged American children whom organizers define as "at
risk." Clinton, Vice President Gore, former presidents George Bush, Jimmy Carter
and Gerald Ford, Nancy Reagan, Colin Powell and even Oprah Winfrey are expected
to attend. Surely these young Randites could not object to aiding children who,
through no fault of their own, are in need?

They're a little vague on that one, saying only that there's "plenty of
benevolence around" to aid those who really need it. If more people would listen
to Ayn Rand, and take responsibility for themselves and their children, there
would be fewer to help, they say.

Jason Crawford, a 17-year-old Silver Spring objectivist who will be attending
Carnegie Mellon University in the fall, said he dropped out of public high
school because it was too slow and boring. He was home-schooled for the past two
years and got his GED, thus avoiding Maryland's mandatory community service. If
he had stayed in school, however, he would have complied with the requirement.

"I would have done the work grudgingly," he said, "knowing that I was
compromising my moral principles."


LOAD-DATE: April 26, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo, susan biddle, Students Against Servitude Nicholas Provenzo, 27,
left, and Philip Klein, 18, on the George Washington University campus.

                       Copyright 1997 The Washington Post


                              285 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                        May 22, 1994 Sunday 1ST EDITION

Peace over OBE is far away

BYLINE: Tom Minnery

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. D-05

LENGTH: 682 words


Last week's proclamation of an impending truce between advocates and foes of
outcome-based education (OBE) is further off the mark than Denver International
Airport's opening date. Anyone who thinks peace is at hand also might think
George Bush and the Clintons became best friends because they sat next to each
other at Richard Nixon's funeral. There will be no armistice as long as
OBE-minded eductors mislead parents and attempts to marginalize critics as
closed-minded members of the "religious right."

Some OBE supporters, desperate to salvage a pet theory in the face of growing
public skepticism, have been vicious toward parents, portraying them as hateful
and anti-public education. Nothing could be further from the truth. Many of the
moms and dads worried about OBE are the same parents who chaperon field trips,
make cookies for school bake sales and sell Cokes at football games.

At the recent meeting between OBE guru Bill Spady and several groups, including
Focus on the Family, all of us communicated politely and respectfully, but that
shouldn't be confused with "finding common ground." What I heard confirmed my
fears about Spady's OBE theory: It's untested, poorly-defined and open to abuse
and mischief.

OBE supporters who attempt to fly under the radar have made matters worse. OBE
varies greatly from location to location. Educators often claim that their
school's version is different from controversial versions. To elude controversy
in Jefferson County, school officials denied they were members of an OBE
advocacy group even after parents obtained copies of checks, invoices and
letters proving school involvement.

When OBE can be pinned down, its objectionable components often come to the
foreground.

A proposed outcome of Pennsylvania's program stipulated, "All students relate
the history and nature of prejudice based on race, religion, age, gender,
ethnicity, disability, sexual orientation or culture to current issues facing
communities and nations, including the United States." With one slash of the OBE
pen, sexual orientation ascends to the level of religion, race and ethnicity,
while traditional moral considerations become mere "prejudice."

Guidelines for schools in Fort Wayne, Ind., state that graduates will
"demonstrate acceptance of cultural and individual diversity." There's no
acknowledgement that some "cultural and individual diversity" may morally offend
many people. Some cultures practice wife-swapping; others accept wife-beating
and the mutilation of female genitals. Shall we not distinguish good from bad?

Spady's OBE model calls for students to be equipped to "carry out adult
life-role responsibilities." Spady contends that local school districts should
hammer out how "life-role responsibilities" should be addressed. Does this mean
that Christian parents who want their children to grow up learning Bible-based
roles will be represented in OBE? Don't bet the school-based contraception
clinic on that one. A half-dozen national groups work overtime to keep Christian
parents out of public education, and OBE is one more way to do it.  At the very
least, we should reject Spady's efforts to promote the most radical form of OBE
because it has no track record. Spady admits there have been no scientifically
valid tests proving his program's value. As late as 1992, no school system was
even using it. We test arthritis drugs, automobiles and squirt guns for safety
and performance, yet we will foist this on our children? As it now stands, two
people can't even sit in a room and agree on what OBE is.

As we know it today, OBE does not deserve the benefit of the doubt. It deserves
to become an asterisk in the footnotes of history. The only clear and positive
outcome it has generated so far has been taught by voters. Just as they did in
Littleton last fall, large numbers of parents will continue saying no to social
experimentation in schools and yes to clear educational approaches with proven
track records.

Tom Minnery is vice president of Public Policy for Focus on the Family in
Colorado Springs

LOAD-DATE: September 27, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: OP-ED

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              286 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                              June 18, 2012 Monday

Proposed name change of Fish and Game's has some riled up

BYLINE: By BEN MULLIN - Staff Intern

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 576 words


Some hunters in Butte County are taking aim at pending state legislation that
would rename the California Department of Fish and Game as the California
Department of Fish and Wildlife.

Buzz Huntington, co-owner of Huntington's Sportsman's Store in Oroville, has
been hunting for 58 years and sees the name change as the first step in a change
of priorities for the state agency.

He believes it will begin over-regulating hunting.

"When you make the management of wildlife a political issue instead of a
practical issue, everything goes amok," Huntington said.

Anthony Portantino, D-La Cacada Flintridge, introduced the bill in the Assembly
because it would represent the purpose of the agency more accurately, he said.

"I don't think it marginalizes anything," Portantino said. "I think it better
describes the mission of open space preservation."

If the name change succeeds, the new California Department of Fish and Wildlife
could call itself "Cal Wild," Portantino said.

"Having an emphasis on the wildlife covers all interests," he said.

Many have criticized the bill because they think it requires the state to order
new uniforms, stationery, and vehicle decals with the new name, Portantino said.
But a provision in the bill states new equipment with the name will not be
ordered until the old gear wears out.

"We're not asking people to go buy new uniforms tomorrow," Portantino said.

State Sen. Doug LaMalfa, R-Richvale, will likely oppose the bill when it comes
up for vote because he thinks the name change is unnecessary. The state will
likely have to buy equipment with the new logo all at once instead of replacing
worn out gear, which will cost taxpayers money, he said.

Implementing the name change will cost $150,000, according to an analysis of the
bill prepared by Diana Colborn, a consultant to the California State Assembly.

Local hunter Philip Peeples, 65, doesn't mind the name change, but he thinks the
California Department of Fish and Game is not currently focused on managing
animal populations, and cited an incident where they acted as general law
enforcement.

Kristen Staggs, president of the Butte Humane Society, thinks the new name could
cause a shift in tone for the agency that will lead them to be better caretakers
of wildlife, she said.

If approved, the new name will better describe what the California Department of
Fish and Game does, said Jennifer Fearing, California director of the Humane
Society of the United States. The new name will tell taxpayers that the
department does more than maintain game for hunters.

In addition, California would not be the first state to make the change, Fearing
said. The Washington, Oregon and Kentucky departments all include "wildlife" in
their names, as does the federal department.

The new name could also better reflect priorities of people who enjoy
California's wildlife, Fearing said. According to a 2006 National Survey of
Fishing, Hunting and Wildlife-Associated Recreation, there are more than 6
million wildlife watchers in California, outnumbering its 280,000 hunters 22 to
1.

The survey also added that California wildlife watchers spent more than $4
billion dollars in 2006, about five times more than the $800 million California
hunters spent.

The bill, AB2283, has already passed the Assembly and will be voted on by the
state Senate by the end of August, Portantino said.

Staff intern Ben Mullin can be reached at 896-7761, bmullin@chicoer.com, or
followed on Twitter @benmullin.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: California Department of Fish and Game Naturalist Bruce Foreman is seen
on Jan. 19, 2011. A new bill could change the department's name. Some are
criticizing the bill, saying it requires the state to order new uniforms,
stationery, and vehicle decals with the new name.(Bill Husa/Staff Photo) All
Chico E-R photos are available here .

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              287 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                            October 24, 2008 Friday

North: Tots tumble to strains of Handel and Bach at Berkeley's Crowden

BYLINE: By Cheryl North Contra Costa Times correspondent

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Music

LENGTH: 837 words


THE TINIEST OF listeners are the target audience of this Sunday's first "Very
First Concerts" at Berkeley's Crowden Music Center, and absolutely nobody
expects them to sit still for it.

"It's unnatural to have to sit down and keep perfectly still while listening to
music," said Ben Simon, conductor of the San Francisco Chamber Orchestra, during
a telephone interview earlier this week.

"Did I hear that correctly?" I asked.

Yes," he emphasized and then continued, "Neuroscience has shown that being
involved in music activates more parts of the brain than almost any other
activity. Music is not only enjoyable, it's actually good for you!" The daunting
formality prevalent in concerts tends to marginalize classical music, according
to Simon. Music, he feels, should not only move your emotions, but make you want
to move your body   by clapping your hands, tapping your toes, singing along,
dancing, etc.

Doing whatever he's doing, whether it's conducting fiddlers in a bunch of
musical notes or fiddling about with English words, this irrepressible maestro
is the sort of fellow who seems to know how to have fun. "Our very first concert
this season is our very first 'Very First Concerts' concert," he quips about the
free family series that premieres at 11 a.m. Sunday at Crowden, 1475 Rose St.,
with a short program that repeats at 11:40 a.m. and again at 12:20 p.m.

The theme of Sunday's concerts will be "Meet the Orchestra," and they will
feature four each of strings, brass and woodwind instruments. Designed as an
integral attraction at the Crowden Music Center's popular annual Community Music
Day, the program Simon has chosen for this purpose will be selections from
Handel's lively "Water Music" and some of the Bach Chorales.

Let 'em squirm!

Instructs Simon, "Take off their seat belts and let your youngsters wriggle,
squirm and dance to first-rate classical music. We've designed this series for
very young listeners and want to give parents a path to escape the restrictions
of a traditional concert hall." Tumbling mats will be provided.

Crowden-sponsored activities following the concerts will include an instrumental
"petting zoo" at which children can explore and touch the instruments and be
shown how to make sounds on them, as well as face-painting, instrument-making
workshops and more.

Two more sets of concerts in the "Very First" format are planned for later in
the season   "All About Rhythm," on Jan. 19, and "Music and Dance," on June 11.

Simon, 53, was born in the Bay Area to musical parents. His mother was an
accomplished cellist and his father, a medical doctor, played drums in a dance
band during his youth.

Young Simon was started on the violin at an early age. He attended Berkeley High
School and then Yale University, where he initially studied medicine. However,
he happened to be one of those special souls who simply cannot leave music
alone. After graduating from Yale in 1977, he continued his studies at Juilliard
in New York City, where he specialized in the viola.

Since that time, he has played in a number of professional orchestras, including
the New York Philharmonic, the Los Angeles Philharmonic, the New World String
Quartet and more before returning to Palo Alto, in 1994 where he joined the
Stanford String Quartet. Then, in 1999, he succeeded the late Anne Crowden as
head of Berkeley's acclaimed Crowden Music Center.

A resident of Oakland for the past 10 years, he has a son attending UC Santa
Cruz and a daughter attending a school of massage in Vallejo.

The pup in the park

When I asked him what he does when he's not doing music, he seemed at a loss for
words for a few seconds before finally answering, "Well   I like to take long
walks with my dogs in Tilden Park." Simon is currently deeply involved as
conductor for the unique San Francisco Chamber Orchestra. SFCO is polished and
high-quality like a number of other area ensembles, but it stands out in a very
special way: All its concerts are free.

Simon notes that the formerly modestly attended concerts have now grown to
"standing-room-only events." Financing comes from foundations, and from selling
memberships at the grass-roots level, so that people feel they are stakeholders
in the performances. Members also have preferred seating at concerts, which are
given in at least three venues   in Berkeley at the Congregational Church; in
Palo Alto at St. Mark's Episcopal Church; and in San Francisco at Herbst
Theatre. The orchestra also has some significant foundational funding.

The performances are lively and original and have such tantalizing themes as
"Leading Ladies," "Clarinet Crazy," "Mendelssohn Madness" and "Bach to Bach."
Each features top-flight soloists and guest artists, among whom this season will
be the thrilling Sonos Handbell Ensemble and a musical oddity, P.D.Q. Bach's
side-splittingly funny "Schleptet." Go to www.sfchamberorchestra.org for exact
concert schedules, venue addresses, and more information.

Oh, and forget about ticket prices.

Reach Cheryl North at cherylnorth@hotmail.com

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: The irrepressible Ben Simon will lead a reduced force of his San
Francisco Chamber Orchestra through a series of concerts for small fry at the
Crowden Music Center in Berkeley on Sunday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              288 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        Calgary Herald (Alberta, Canada)

                          June 4, 2000, Sunday, FINAL

WPC protesters would put teens on front lines

BYLINE: Sydney Sharpe, Calgary Herald

SECTION: News; A3

LENGTH: 670 words


International protest organizers are inciting Calgary street kids and rave fans
to take the front lines against police during the World Petroleum Congress June
11-15.

''The kids have been invited to basically go to a riot, '' says a source with
strong contacts among involved young people.

''When you marginalize people, they find ways of exacting revenge,'' says the
source, who's sympathetic to the teenagers.

Protest organizers have talked to some street youths as well as distributed
flyers to high school students.

They're calling the event ROAR -- Rally for Oil Accountability and
Responsibility.

These organizers want local teens right up front as cannon fodder in any
potential conflict with police.

In some cases, I'm told, naive kids seem to think that's a great idea.

Any televised police action involving teenagers would give the city an
international black eye.

''They (the organizers) will take a certain demographic of people already
begrudging the city, the mayor's office or police, and will use them as
distraction for the police by putting them on the front lines,'' my source told
me Saturday.

''The people with the political agenda and propaganda will be safe in the back
lines.''

Organizers used the same tactics in Seattle. They find a disfranchised group,
one that feels hard put upon, and use them to demonstrate.

The manipulators won't be pepper-sprayed or handcuffed and arrested. The
teenagers will.

My source knows some who have been persuaded and is worried for them. He's also
familiar with the California-based Ruckus Society.

''Ruckus has strategic ways to rouse up people to protest. They will remind the
kids how much they're marginalized.''

The ravers are an easy target, especially since they've been stereotyped by the
city as empty- headed druggies who only want to party.

The kids who attend raves are angry at the city for putting them down. They're
protective of their culture and feel they are misunderstood. Basically we've got
a generation gap that organizers hope to exploit.

''They'll round up these kids to annoy the city and protest in front of
buildings and try to tie up the downtown,'' says my source. ''I know of kids
that have been approached.''

He feels city hall should try to make peace with the kids and the rave culture.

''There are people out there with political agendas who will try to use these
kids. You don't want to anger a large group of 16-to-20 year olds.''

Another source believes the police could be targeting the wrong groups. The
larger environmental groups already work strategically within the political
system, and quite successfully, given their victory last week over any Spray
Lakes development.

''Instead, it's the smaller flirtations that come together and get roped in by
Ruckus,'' the source says.

''It's the teens and young adults. At that age, they're all tempers and
testicles.''

They have no fear until they're handcuffed and thrown in jail.

The bizarre thing is that in many cases, these young people would be biting the
very hand that feeds them.

Many well-known oil companies, like PanCanadian, Alberta Energy and Shell, for
starters, fund numerous youth organizations and programs. Company executives
volunteer anonymously to help give abused and forgotten kids a better start in
life.

People like Jim Gray, the head of the WPC in Calgary, are known as much for
their tireless volunteer work for the disadvantaged as for their business
acumen.

The protest organizers don't care for Calgary or for the very kids they're
trying to exploit to riot.

They're global protest groups working against global business groups and taking
advantage of local people who need someone to voice their concerns.

Teens have enough people telling them what to do, so I'll tell the city what I
think it should do.

Stop dumping on the ravers. Throw a rave in their support during the Congress.
The people pulling the protest strings will have to find another scapegoat to
exploit.


LOAD-DATE: June 5, 2000

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 2000 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              289 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Hamilton Spectator (Ontario, Canada)

                     February 23, 1998 Monday Final Edition

Did You Hear?

SOURCE: Spectator wire services

SECTION: ENTERTAINMENT; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 494 words


PETER G. ON TV

Broadcaster Peter Gzowski is making a return to TV with a new one-hour, 13-part
series called Gzowski In Conversation. "I've believed for a long time that
television would welcome the kind of reflective, probing, civilized conversation
that seems to work so well in radio," Gzowski says. It will feature Gzowski with
personalities from politics, business and the arts. It will first air April 26.

SPICE GIRLS = PORNOGRAPHY

A top Indian classical dancer asked the government to ban a performance by the
Spice Girls at an archeological site known for its erotic sculptures. The
concert, scheduled for November in the central Indian town of Khajuraho, will "
marginalize the delicate spiritual context in which the temples were constructed
nearly 1,000 years ago," Geeta Chandran says. "The profile of the Spice Girls
does not match that of the temples ... Eroticism sans spirituality will be
reduced to pornography."

CRICHTON SAYS, TWIST THIS, PAL

A filmmaker who unsuccessfully sued the makers of Twister for copyright
infringement received a bill for about $1.2 million US from their lawyers.
Lawyers for Michael Crichton, Steven Spielberg and other Hollywood heavyweights
filed the bill in U.S. District Court in St. Louis. In his lawsuit, Stephen
Kessler accused Crichton and Spielberg of stealing his screenplay, Catch The
Wind, to make Twister. Both stories are about storm chasers. Kessler's seeking a
new trial.

CHURCHES CASH IN ON DI

In an effort to attract more worshippers, Britain's churches are planning an ad
campaign capitalizing on the huge outpouring of grief that followed the death of
Diana, Princess of Wales, reports The Associated Press. Posters will show the
banks of flowers, stuffed animals, handwritten messages and candles piled
outside Kensington Palace and other royal sites after Diana's death, with the
slogan: If all this started you thinking, carry on at church this Easter.
Organizers concede the campaign could draw accusations that the churches are
cashing in on Diana's death. The creators of the campaign, the Churches
Advertising Network, has already been criticized for some of its past work.

LIGHTHOUSE SINGER DEAD AT 51

After a lengthy illness, Bob McBride, 51, died Friday in hospital.

In his prime, McBride stood among the giants of the Canadian rock industry as
lead vocalist for Lighthouse, one of the country's premier jazz-rock bands of
the 1970s. But in recent years he had become a tragic figure, as he battled
heroin addiction, criminal charges, and health problems.

At the height of its success, the Canadian group played Carnegie Hall in New
York, filled a stadium in Los Angeles with 25,000 people, and played on the same
stage with such rock icons as Jimi Hendrix, Bob Dylan and the Band.

Songs such as Sunny Days and One Fine Morning are still favourites among the
generation that grew up with Lighthouse.

McBride leaves his wife, Janice Fobert-Seaton, and his son Shawn.

LOAD-DATE: October 16, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Bob McBride Photo: Michael Crichton Photo: Diana Photo: Spice
World Photo: Peter Gzowski

TYPE: News

                    Copyright 1998 Metroland Media Group Ltd


                              290 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Oroville Mercury Register (California)

                              June 17, 2012 Sunday

Proposed name change of Fish and Game's has some riled up

BYLINE: By BEN MULLIN - Staff Intern

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 576 words


Some hunters in Butte County are taking aim at pending state legislation that
would rename the California Department of Fish and Game as the California
Department of Fish and Wildlife.

Buzz Huntington, co-owner of Huntington's Sportsman's Store in Oroville, has
been hunting for 58 years and sees the name change as the first step in a change
of priorities for the state agency.

He believes it will begin over-regulating hunting.

"When you make the management of wildlife a political issue instead of a
practical issue, everything goes amok," Huntington said.

Anthony Portantino, D-La Cacada Flintridge, introduced the bill in the Assembly
because it would represent the purpose of the agency more accurately, he said.

"I don't think it marginalizes anything," Portantino said. "I think it better
describes the mission of open space preservation."

If the name change succeeds, the new California Department of Fish and Wildlife
could call itself "Cal Wild," Portantino said.

"Having an emphasis on the wildlife covers all interests," he said.

Many have criticized the bill because they think it requires the state to order
new uniforms, stationery, and vehicle decals with the new name, Portantino said.
But a provision in the bill states new equipment with the name will not be
ordered until the old gear wears out.

"We're not asking people to go buy new uniforms tomorrow," Portantino said.

State Sen. Doug LaMalfa, R-Richvale, will likely oppose the bill when it comes
up for vote because he thinks the name change is unnecessary. The state will
likely have to buy equipment with the new logo all at once instead of replacing
worn out gear, which will cost taxpayers money, he said.

Implementing the name change will cost $150,000, according to an analysis of the
bill prepared by Diana Colborn, a consultant to the California State Assembly.

Local hunter Philip Peeples, 65, doesn't mind the name change, but he thinks the
California Department of Fish and Game is not currently focused on managing
animal populations, and cited an incident where they acted as general law
enforcement.

Kristen Staggs, president of the Butte Humane Society, thinks the new name could
cause a shift in tone for the agency that will lead them to be better caretakers
of wildlife, she said.

If approved, the new name will better describe what the California Department of
Fish and Game does, said Jennifer Fearing, California director of the Humane
Society of the United States. The new name will tell taxpayers that the
department does more than maintain game for hunters.

In addition, California would not be the first state to make the change, Fearing
said. The Washington, Oregon and Kentucky departments all include "wildlife" in
their names, as does the federal department.

The new name could also better reflect priorities of people who enjoy
California's wildlife, Fearing said. According to a 2006 National Survey of
Fishing, Hunting and Wildlife-Associated Recreation, there are more than 6
million wildlife watchers in California, outnumbering its 280,000 hunters 22 to
1.

The survey also added that California wildlife watchers spent more than $4
billion dollars in 2006, about five times more than the $800 million California
hunters spent.

The bill, AB2283, has already passed the Assembly and will be voted on by the
state Senate by the end of August, Portantino said.

Staff intern Ben Mullin can be reached at 896-7761, bmullin@chicoer.com, or
followed on Twitter @benmullin.

LOAD-DATE: June 18, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: California Department of Fish and Game Naturalist Bruce Foreman is seen
on Jan. 19, 2011. A new bill could change the departmentÕs name. Some are
criticizing the bill, saying it requires the state to order new uniforms,
stationery, and vehicle decals with the new name. (Bill Husa/Staff Photo)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2012 Oroville Mercury Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              291 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                             May 4, 2011 Wednesday

Boy-girl dorms are off-limits at W&M

BYLINE: Susan Robertson, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 722 words


May 04--WILLIAMSBURG -- There's enthusiasm for gender-neutral housing among
students at the College of William & Mary, but the administration prefers the
status quo.

Boys room with boys, girls room with girls. No exceptions.

"We would not put two students of the opposite sex in a room together or
anywhere where they would share a bathroom," said Deb Boykin, director of
Residence Life.

Some students feel that marginalizes the gay population on campus. Jake Lewitz,
a sophomore senator, said a gender-neutral option would increase comfort levels
for those who are gay, lesbian, bisexual or transgender.

Distinguishing between "gender" and "sex" is a large part of the discussion
across the nation. Mary Pilger, a recent graduate of the University of Mary
Washington, summed it up in a 2009 interview with her student newspaper. "Gender
is what's between your ears. Sex is what's between your legs."

A referendum to gauge gender-neutral housing at W&M drew 81% support in the
Student Assembly election last month.

"William and Mary is a really diverse community and has a lot of students with a
lot of different needs," Lewitz said. "I think it's important to accommodate as
many of those students as possible."

Proposals for mixed housing have been around W&M since 2006 but never gained
traction with the administration. Boykin said that's because the college already
offers a wide variety of housing options as well as living & learning
communities that group students with similar interests or lifestyles.

Lewitz said the most recent proposal utilized models of gender-neutral
communities from the Ivy League because William & Mary is considered a "public
Ivy." Five of the eight Ivy colleges and 40 more nationwide have gender-neutral
housing.

The W&M proposal included four steps of gender evolution.

1 -- Let students with approved special needs apply for single rooms.

2 -- Set up an apartment pilot with same-sex bedrooms but mixed-sex living
spaces.

3 -- Expand the apartment pilot to the broader resident community.

4 -- Allow members of the opposite sex to reside in the same room.

Ludwell Apartments, just off campus, was proposed for gender-neutral residences.

No university in Virginia has true gender-neutral housing, since parents would
abhor such cohabitation. The closest is Mary Washington, which for three years
has had a gender-neutral community.

William & Mary's living & learning communities are similar in that they allow
students to create a housing community, stopping short of gender-neutral.
Students with gender-special needs reside in the Mosaic House, which is based on
diversity.

Christine Porter, director of Residence Life at Mary Washington, said that
"communities" are really theme floors. "They are dedicated to educating people
about gender being more of a continuum as opposed to a binary," she said. Only
upperclassmen are eligible, although Porter said transgendered freshmen are the
exception.

"For some of those students it's very important to live in that setting where
they don't have to explain on the first day about their gender," she said. "They
are in with a community that is already supportive and understands."

That's an option that W&M senior Jessee Vasold would have liked two years ago.
Vasold, who identifies as transgender, was randomly assigned a male roommate
sophomore year but would have preferred to live with a female. To secure a
single room, Vasold had to gain approval from the faculty advisers at Mosaic
Hall and had to explain the situation to at least four administrators.

Lewitz said the Student Assembly has backed down from gender-neutral for now
since the political climate in Richmond isn't right.

Boykin said that while William & Mary doesn't have plans for gender-neutral, it
is watching the trend.

Emory University in Atlanta is piloting gender-neutral in 60 campus units this
fall. According to a report from the local Fox affiliate, the only requirements
are that students must be upperclassmen and the housing request must be mutual.

To see more of The Virginia Gazette or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://vagazette.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The Virginia Gazette, Williamsburg
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110504-1VG-Boy-girl-dorms-are-off-limits-at-W-M-0504-20110504

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 1VG


                      Copyright 2011 The Virginia Gazette


                              292 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                   APRIL 3, 2003 Thursday CITY-D-EAST EDITION

Aid groups decry Pentagon role in Iraq relief effort

BYLINE: Tim Johnson KNIGHT RIDDER NEWS SERVICE

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A17

LENGTH: 814 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


The ongoing debate within the Bush administration over how to assist postwar
Iraq took a new twist yesterday as the nation's largest humanitarian groups
complained about what they see as the Pentagon's role in overseeing relief
efforts.

The relief groups said their workers risk becoming targets of reprisal if they
toil under the control of the Pentagon, and grumbled that their advice on
humanitarian efforts has been ignored.

In an unusually strongly worded statement, relief groups in the United States
demanded that the White House prevent the Pentagon from overseeing humanitarian
relief efforts.

The 160 groups, under the umbrella alliance known as InterAction, urged all
relief efforts to be given to the State Department and the U.S. Agency for
International Development (USAID).

"The Department of Defense's efforts to marginalize the State Department and
force nongovernmental organizations to operate under [Pentagon] jurisdiction
complicates our ability to help the Iraqi people and multiplies the dangers
faced by relief workers in the field," InterAction head Mary E. McClymont said.

The lead administration official on relief, Andrew Natsios, head of USAID,
denied that the Pentagon controls relief efforts.

Natsios said he and Secretary of State Colin L. Powell oversee U.S. relief
efforts, and not retired Army Lt. Gen. Jay M. Garner, the head of the Pentagon's
newly created Office of Reconstruction and Humanitarian Assistance. Garner could
not be reached for comment.

"The [relief] team reports to me and I report to Colin Powell. That is as it is
now," Natsios said.

InterAction represents some of the most well-known humanitarian groups in the
United States, including the American Red Cross, CARE, Save the Children, Oxfam
America, Catholic Relief Services, and Lutheran World Relief. They say they can
funnel tens of millions of dollars in medical, food and other assistance to
Iraqis once fighting subsides.

"The international humanitarian aid community has been kept at arm's length. And
it's a mistake," said Curtis R. Welling, president and chief executive of the
AmeriCares Foundation of New Canaan, Conn.

Other humanitarian officials said relief efforts couldn't begin fully until the
fighting is over. But they added that relief organizations should not be linked
to, or controlled by, the Pentagon.

"If you are siding with one military, you are against the other. That makes it
very dangerous," said Sid Balman Jr., a spokesman for InterAction, which has its
headquarters in Washington.

Natsios said no major humanitarian crises have yet developed from the war.

"There are pockets of humanitarian need in Iraq, but we are not facing a massive
humanitarian crisis," he said at a news conference.

Hundreds of millions of dollars and hundreds of thousands of tons of food are
ready to be distributed as soon as it's safe to do so, USAID officials said.

Food aid has been a concern for civilian relief agencies, which have urged the
Bush administration to move faster with plans to deliver aid in a country where
60 percent of households are largely dependent on government rations.

USAID officials said they had been planning for four months, stockpiling enough
commodities in three Middle East countries for one million people. The supplies
include 15,000 rolls of plastic sheeting, 265,000 wool blankets and 85,000
hygiene kits.

But the supplies remain in warehouses or at sea until coalition forces can
eliminate pockets of resistance.

Natsios said the United States is working to speed the dredging of Umm Qasr, the
port where much of the aid would be delivered.

"We have contracting mechanisms to dredge the port. We're trying to speed those
up now," he said. "We think it could be done in a matter of days, not weeks."

An Australian ship carrying 50,000 tons of wheat has been unable to unload its
cargo because it is too big, he said. The British navy brought in one small
shipload last week but the port has not yet been declared safe for commercial
shipping.

Underscoring the U.S. goal to speed humanitarian efforts, Natsios announced that
the Bush administration is donating an additional $200 million to the World Food
Program, bringing total relief allotments to $731 million.

He said plans are in place to meet Iraqi food needs for the next four months.
This is covered by the one-month food supply most Iraqis already have on hand,
plus donations from the United States, Britain and Australia.

Refugee flows within Iraq have been surprisingly minimal, another official said.

"Movements to date have been insignificant, except for some 300,000 moving in
with friends and families in the north, not moving out of Iraq," said Arthur E.
Dewey, the assistant secretary of state for populations, refugees and migration
issues.

This article contains information from Reuters.

LOAD-DATE: July 19, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                  Copyright 2003 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              293 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   December 1, 2005, Thursday, FINAL EDITION

Some residents worry town will grow too fast

BYLINE: Danna Harman

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 360 words

DATELINE: LORETO, Mexico

LORETO, Mexico -- Most residents of this Baja California community say they are
enthusiastic about the economic opportunities that development projects such as
the Villages of Loreto Bay will bring to their region.

They can see what has happened to Los Cabos, which 10 years ago was a village of
15,000. Today, it's a city of 160,000 with cinemas, shopping, improved education
and health care systems.

Some here, however, are wary of fast growth. They worry it will create traffic
jams and sewage spills, overstress the police force and marginalize locals. A
group of professors at Harvard's design school put together a report this year
called "Loreto Alternative Futures." The report, funded by the San Diego-based
International Community Foundation, warns of the ecological, social and economic
risks posed by the Loreto Bay development.


Rodolfo Palacios Castro, general director of Budget Rent A Car in Loreto, grew
up in Cabo San Lucas and has seen the effects of development there. "We used to
go to the beaches there (in Cabo San Lucas) with family," he says. "Now, they
have all been privatized by the resorts. There is no room for us."

He worries that the same thing will happen here. Americans, he says, "will
compete with us for everything -- for water, for the beaches, for fishing, for
business. ... And they will always win, because they are rich."

Sergio Morales Polo, president of Grupo Ecologista Antares, a local ecological
group, agrees. "If 10 Loretans can afford to buy here, that would be a lot," he
says. "We feel like we are about to be taken over." Morales says he is not
opposed to the entire Loreto Bay project, just its scale.

David Butterfield, the Loreto Bay developer, says he understands some of the
concerns but promises his project will be different. He says it will be
responsible, creative and attentive to the ecological and social needs of the
place.

"It's hard to find someone more responsible than developers for the devastation
of our planet," he says. He concedes, though, "I can't promise 100% that we will
be able to contribute to the environment here. We will certainly try."





LOAD-DATE: December 01, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2005 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              294 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 20, 1998 Friday

PEOPLE

SECTION: EXPRESS; People; Pg. 12C

LENGTH: 338 words


A bit too much spice

A top Indian classical dancer asked the government to ban a performance by the
Spice Girls at an archaeological site known for its erotic sculptures.

The concert, scheduled for November in the central Indian town of Khajuraho,
will "marginalize the delicate spiritual context in which the temples were
constructed nearly 1,000 years ago," Geeta Chandran says.

Suit blown away

A filmmaker who unsuccessfully sued the makers of "Twister" for copyright
infringement received a bill for about $1.2 million from their lawyers.

Lawyers for Michael Crichton, Steven Spielberg and other Hollywood heavyweights
filed the bill in U.S. District Court in St. Louis. They argued the lawsuit
brought by Stephen Kessler of Kirkwood was unreasonable, if not frivolous.

In his lawsuit, Kessler accused Crichton and Spielberg of stealing his
screenplay, "Catch the Wind," to make "Twister." Both stories are about storm
chasers.

On Jan. 28, a jury rejected Kessler's claim. He is seeking a new trial.

Hwy, it ain't summer camp

Robert Downey Jr. has to watch his back after brawling with another inmate in
the L.A. County Jail where he's doing time for drug and weapons offenses. A
Downey pal says the movie star was attacked because he wouldn't pay protection
money. The actor was slashed with a knife by another convict and sustained a cut
on his nose.

Make sure the TV works

Grammy nominee Rosemary Clooney may have to watch next week's awards show from
her sick bed.

The 69-year-old singer is recovering from flu that forced her to cancel a
Carnegie Hall concert last week. She was hospitalized with a high fever.

She'll know her way around

Beverly Sills will replace Hugh Downs as host of "Live From Lincoln Center" on
PBS.

The soprano's first telecast will be March 3, featuring the New York
Philharmonic with conductor Kurt Masur and young violinist Sarah Chang.

Downs, the program's host since 1988, said he found his "20/20" schedule
difficult to juggle with the PBS commitment.

LOAD-DATE: October 18, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Downey

                     Copyright 1998 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              295 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            August 13, 2015 Thursday

Help Trump marginalize himself

SECTION: NATION & WORLD; Views; Pg. 28

LENGTH: 681 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



HIGHLIGHT: Gerson on Trump


- In the first Republican debate, the klieg light that Donald Trump always
carries around with him revealed four or five presidential candidates who, under
the right circumstances, could beat Hillary Clinton. (Trump was not among them.)
But there was also a moment that could predict the defeat of the GOP in 2016.

No, I'm not talking about Sen. Ted Cruz heaping praise on Egyptian President
Abdel Fatah al-Sissi - a military-backed ruler who jails journalists and has
sentenced hundreds of opponents to death or life in prison - as a model in
dealing with Islamism. And no, I am not talking about Sen. Rand Paul's smirk
when New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie raised the memory of 9/11 victims and their
families.

The single most important event of the campaign so far was Trump raising his
hand and refusing to commit to the eventual GOP nominee. At that moment,
Republicans saw a likely dystopia. Trump has gotten a hint of what it might be
like to stand on the only stage sufficient to his self-image. He thinks that a
Trump-branded White House might actually be possible. It is not a view held by
any serious political observer. That doesn't matter. Some public figures -
Harold Stassen, Eugene McCarthy - never recovered from the beatific vision, and
spent the rest of their lives trying to recover it.

Trump will flame out. And since he is constitutionally incapable of accepting
fault, he will blame the GOP for arson. As someone prone to conspiracy theories
- on presidential birth records, vaccines and the scheming Mexican government -
Trump is probably gathering string to prove a plot against him involving Megyn
Kelly, the GOP establishment and the American Gynecological and Obstetrical
Association. So he is keeping his third-party options open.

Trump's actual performance in the debate demonstrated the real reason he will
flame out. He called the other candidates stupid while failing to show mastery
of a single policy issue. If you actually listen to him and try to follow his
reasoning, the result is the intellectual version of a hangover.

Trump says that the campaign finance system is broken, which he knows because he
took full advantage of it to buy politicians. So we are being told: You should
elect me to protect you from people like me. The taking of graft, it seems, is
deeply corrupt, while the giving of graft is just part of the game. The Trump
syllogism: Every politician is bought by billionaires. Only billionaires can
fund their own campaigns to avoid being bought. Therefore only billionaires can
save us from billionaires.

Listen again: During the debate, he boasted of taking his investors - who are
not babies but killers - for a ride, utilizing bankruptcy laws to his advantage,
then divesting from Atlantic City before its economy crashed. This fits the
image of the cold-hearted, capitalist fat cat better than anything Mitt Romney
managed. Trump plays monopoly with other people's money, then mocks them as
suckers for trusting him.

In a parliamentary system, Trump might found his own party and win a few seats
in the legislature (the Italians, after all, once elected a professionally
active porn star to parliament). In America, the options are all or nothing. As
a third-party candidate, Trump could easily tip a close election to Clinton. How
do Republicans persuade him to choose nothing?

The best, maybe only, option is to ensure that his poll numbers deflate quickly,
making it obvious that a lavish campaign for the Republican nomination and,
later, the difficult task of getting on 50 ballots will end in humiliation. This
will require establishment Republicans to stop playing political bank shots off
his rise and make clear he has moved beyond the boundaries of serious and civil
discourse. And it will require conservative populists to recognize that an
alliance with Trump is effectively tying their movement to an anvil (the Red
State summit disinvitation is a good start).

It is better to risk a short-term backlash than a predictable, long-term
political disaster. So Trump's inevitable self-marginalization must be given a
push.

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              296 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Herald-Sun (Durham, N.C.)

                             May 22, 2013 Wednesday

City vote further marginalizes commission

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; A; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 536  words


Liberty Warehouse might be falling apart, but it managed to bring together
Preservation Durham and Chapel Hill developer Roger Perry.

On Monday, The Herald-Sun's Ray Gronberg reported, the City Council agreed to
yank the historic landmark label off the Rigsbee Avenue relic, which suffered a
partial roof collapse and has earned a reputation as an eyesore (at least from
some vantage points).

The deal, approved 6-0 by council members, means that Greenfire Development -
the current property owners - are now on the hook to pay $29,000 in back taxes
that they didn't have to pay previously because of the historic designation. But
it also means that Perry no longer needs the blessing of the Historic
Preservation Commission to make changes to the exterior.

Preservation Durham dropped its opposition to the plan after its leaders reached
an agreement with Perry, who reiterated prior assurances that he'll keep the
southern and eastern brick facades and memorialize the tobacco-auction business
that took place in Liberty Warehouse through an exhibit or museum space.

So, preservationists win - as much as they can, under the circumstances. The
city wins, because it recoups lost tax dollars and looks ahead to the potential
for future revenues generated by the site. Greenfire wins, because Perry had
indicated that his purchase of Liberty Warehouse was contingent on reversing the
designation. And Perry wins, because he can now forward with plans to develop a
250-unit housing complex and 50,000 square feet of business space on the site.

The losers? Members of the Historic Preservation Commission, who find themselves
further marginalized by a City Council whose leaders appear to want more control
over downtown redevelopment.

"To remove the designation while the structure still meets the criteria would
undermine the landmark program as a whole," warned Heather Wagner, chairwoman of
the Historic Preservation Commission, during Monday's meeting.

Councilman Steve Schewel said the council had to weigh in this way for economics
and because "there isn't full community confidence" in the process that gives
the commission veto power over changes that owners and developers want to make
to city-designated landmarks.

Mayor Bill Bell sought to mend fences: "This is not an indictment of the
historic preservation side. We've got a process. It's open and transparent.
We've heard, we've listened and it's up to the council to make a decision. You
serve a valuable part, but that doesn't mean we're always going to agree."

But this vote, coupled with complaints in recent months from then-Downtown
Durham Inc. boss (and potential City Council candidate) Bill Kalkhof, Bell and
Councilman Eugene Brown, certainly suggests a trend in discontent about the
commission.

However, we shouldn't overlook the fact that the commission performs a vital
function in overseeing the integrity of all our local historic districts in
Durham.

The Historic Preservation Commission has stopped some inappropriate development
and, in the best cases, led developers or owners to make changes that helped
protect a site's historic integrity.

We might want to tweak the process, but it would be a mistake to dismiss the
value of the board's mandate.

LOAD-DATE: May 23, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 The Durham Herald Co.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              297 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            April 23, 2008 Wednesday
                                Regional Edition

Bill Clinton Insists He Is the Victim

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A09

LENGTH: 497 words

FLIPPING THE 'RACE CARD'

Bill Clinton Insists He Is the Victim

PHILADELPHIA -- Bill Clinton, a victim of racial politics?

That's his new take on the controversy involving his remarks ahead of January's
South Carolina primary.

"I think that they played the race card on me," Clinton said in an interview on
WHYY radio Monday, referring to Sen. Barack Obama's campaign. "And we now know
from memos on the campaign and everything that they planned to do it all along."

Clinton said that it was just a statement of fact that the Obama campaign was
similar to Jesse Jackson's in 1988, and that the Obama campaign then tried to
turn the remark against him, decrying it as an attempt to marginalize Obama.

"This was used out of context and twisted for political purposes by the Obama
campaign to try to breed resentment elsewhere," Clinton said.

Many black supporters of Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton said they were alienated
that Bill Clinton failed to take into account the broad support Obama has drawn,
from voters white and black, in races outside the South. The former president
has remained irritated, returning to  the issue in interviews.

On Tuesday, Clinton was asked by NBC/NJ what he meant when he "said that the
Obama campaign was playing the race card on you."

Clinton bristled and asked, "When did I say that, and to whom did I say that?"

When the reporter pointed to the WHYY radio interview, Clinton denied that was
what he had said. "No, no, no. That's not what I said," the former president
replied. "You always follow me around and play these little games, and I'm not
going to play your games today. This is a day about Election Day. Go back and
see what the question was, and what my answer was. You have mischaracterized it
to get another cheap story to divert the American people from the real urgent
issues before us, and I choose not to play your game today. Have a nice day."

-- Anne E. Kornblut

NO MODERATING FOR COURIC

Obama Rejects N.C. Debate Offer

It looks  as though Katie Couric is being shut out on the presidential debate
front.

Sen. Hillary Rodham Clinton had accepted an offer from CBS to debate Sen. Barack
Obama in North Carolina on Sunday after "60 Minutes," but he has turned down the
offer, and the session was officially called off Monday.

Obama had little incentive for another face-off. He is comfortably ahead in the
state and, after drawing most of the tough questions in last week's ABC debate
in Pennsylvania, undoubtedly wasn't looking forward to a sequel.

Ace Smith, director of Clinton's campaign in North Carolina, said in a statement
that "we are willing to move forward with another time and location for the
debate so that [Obama] has no excuse for not participating."

Obama spokesman Bill Burton  replied: "It's unfortunate that the Clinton
campaign decided to play politics with this. . . . Their attacks indicate they
are really not looking for a debate, but any forum to continue their negative,
throw-the-kitchen-sink campaign."

-- Howard Kurtz

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE
IMAGE; By Bradley C. Bower -- Reuters; Former president Bill Clinton, still
irritated.
IMAGE; Katie Couric, not bound for N.C.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              298 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                            December 28, 2001 Friday

State Farm agents file lawsuit against insurer

BYLINE: Joe Surkiewicz

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 669 words


You've heard the jingle, "Like a good neighbor, State Farm is there."

Yet independent State Farm agents may not be there for long, according to a
lawsuit filed by the National Association of State Farm Agents (NASFA),
headquartered in Baltimore.

The complaint, which originally was filed in Baltimore County Circuit Court but
removed to the U.S. District Court of Maryland earlier this month at State
Farm's request, claims the insurer is attempting to "marginalize its agents, to
reduce their incomes, and to unilaterally drive them out of business in
violation of their contractual and statutory rights."

"The agents are seeking to preserve the way they've done business with State
Farm -- essentially, where the agent was the centerpiece of the way insurance
service is delivered to the policyholder," explained W. Michael Garner, a
Minneapolis attorney and lead counsel for NASFA. "State Farm is trying to change
that, and the suit is trying to preserve it."

According to the complaint, the Bloomington, Ill.-based insurer initiated
several changes about three years ago that breached the contract between State
Farm and its agents. Garner said he didn't know how many agents are represented
by NASFA, "but it's in the thousands."

One change was an attempt to impose a "partnering" program that would require
State Farm agents to affiliate with agents qualified to sell non-insurance
products and to share marketing information -- a plan the complaint called a
"raid" on existing agents' businesses and customers.

Other complaints include a requirement that agents submit "a so-called 'business
plan,'" pay a $1-per-customer fee for use of a "customer response center" when
agents aren't available and include the customer response center in Yellow Pages
ads using the State Farm logo. The agents also object to the company's use of
the Internet to sell insurance.

"The key to what we're looking for is a declaration of the rights between the
agents and State Farm," Garner said. "Certainly, damages are a possibility in
some cases. But the essential fact is that the agents are in an ongoing business
and want to ensure they can keep their businesses."

State Farm's attorney, Gare A. Smith, did not return a phone call seeking
comment.

Bob D. Lamphier, the president of NASFA, also did not return a phone call.

But in a message to members on the NASFA Web page, Lamphier said the decision to
file the suit was "a hard call."

"When partnering came to the forefront, NASFA members made it overwhelmingly
clear to our board that the company had gone too far," Lamphier wrote. "We
listened to your concerns and voted at our last meeting to proceed."

Lamphier also noted that State Farm's efforts to promote sales of mutual funds
by insurance agents under the "partnering" program weren't successful.

"The imagined long lines outside our offices, filled with customers waiting to
purchase mutual funds (not!), tell the story," he wrote. "Those customers who
purchased State Farm mutual funds in January 2001 have lost more than 18
percent, and we aren't even on the top 100 mutual funds list. As someone has
stated so well, State Farm agents, as part-time, partly educated mutual fund
advisors, are not the best in the field."

The complaint also asserts that the contracts and relationships between State
Farm and its Maryland agents "satisfy all of the elements of the 'franchise'
definition under the Maryland Franchise Registration and Disclosure Act."

"Plaintiff requests a declaration that the contracts and relationship between
State Farm and its agents are 'franchises' within the meaning of [the act], and
State Farm may not lawfully act contrary to such statute," the complaint said,
adding that the firm "may not offer, or enter into or alter agent agreements
without first registering and disclosing the offer as a franchise, and it is
otherwise governed by the act."

The complaint also alleges that State Farm violated the franchise laws of 14
other states.

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

                      Copyright 2001 Dolan Media Newswires


                              299 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    December 22, 1997, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Method enables earlier abortion Procedure being taught in clinics

BYLINE: Robert Davis

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 403 words


Doctors across the nation are learning a new procedure that allows
an abortion as early as eight days after conception.

Based on more accurate pregnancy testing and guided by ultrasound
technology, surgeons can now detect, locate and remove gestational
cells weeks earlier than before.

The tissue taken is smaller than a pea, but controversy around
the procedure is huge.


Advocates say the earlier an abortion comes during a pregnancy,
the safer it is both physically and emotionally.

"I think that emotionally, earlier is better," says Gloria Feldt,
president of Planned Parenthood Federation of America. "The size
of the tissue is tiny, minuscule really."

Critics say the procedure makes abortion too easy.

"Before you can kill something, you have to marginalize it,"
says Flip Benham, national director of Operation Rescue. "This
is still innocent blood being shed."

Planned Parenthood is training surgeons in 23 clinics across the
nation to perform the relatively easy procedure.

With today's advanced pregnancy tests, women sometimes learn they
are pregnant a week to 10 days after fertilization. Using fine-tuned
ultrasound techniques, a surgeon can spot the tiny gestational
sac, guide the tip of a syringe to the exact spot and remove the
tissue swiftly.

The procedure was pioneered by Jerry Edwards, medical director
at Planned Parenthood in Houston. It offers a new option even
as the rate of abortions is falling.

The Centers for Disease Control and Prevention says the rate is
as low today as it has been since 1975, with 20 abortions for
every 1,000 births.

Doctors perform abortions as early as possible: 54% before eight
weeks of gestation; 88% before the 12th week.

The new procedure may be preferred by women who don't want the
side effects of abortion drugs such as methotrexate or RU-486.

"You're offering women a surgical procedure that's done in a
few minutes" instead of a medical procedure that can cause bleeding
and cramping for days, says Michael Burnhill of Planned Parenthood.
"How many women are going to pick a week as opposed to two minutes?
You get off the table, and that's the end of the story."

Critics say the convenience belies the underlying issue.

"This is a spiritual battle," Benham says. "This is about when
life begins. This is life. And it doesn't matter what mechanics
they use to kill."

LOAD-DATE: December 22, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1997 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              300 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                             August 5, 2016 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Facebook Aims to Rid News Feed of 'Clickbait'

BYLINE: By MIKE ISAAC and SYDNEY EMBER

SECTION: Section B; Column 0; Business/Financial Desk; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 713 words


Facebook says it plans to marginalize what it considers to be ''clickbait'' news
stories from publishers in its news feed, in another step to keep its 1.71
billion members regularly coming back to its social network.

In a change to its news feed algorithm on Thursday, Facebook said certain types
of  headlines would be classified as clickbait, those that ''withhold or distort
information.'' Those stories will then appear less frequently in users' feeds,
the company said.

''We want publishers to post content that people care about, and we think people
care about headlines that are much more straightforward,'' Adam Mosseri,
Facebook's vice president for product management for the news feed, said in an
interview.

Facebook has been working to maintain the integrity of the news feed to keep
users happy and spending as much time on Facebook as possible. The Silicon
Valley company constantly tweaks its algorithms, and in June it made a sweeping
set of changes that would rank publisher content in general less favorably in
the news feed.

Thursday's algorithm change is not the first time Facebook has cracked down on
clickbait. In 2014, the company said it was moving to feature spamlike articles
less prominently by looking at other factors, such as if a user has ''liked''
and then quickly ''unliked'' a story that appeared in the feed. Other factors,
such as how much time people spent reading an article after clicking on it, also
contributed to Facebook's clickbait calculations.

Thursday's announcement goes a step further. Facebook spent months classifying
phrases commonly used in clickbait headlines. Mr. Mosseri offered examples like
''The Dog Barked at the Deliveryman and His Reaction Was Priceless,'' or ''When
She Looked Under Her Couch Cushions and Saw THIS ... I Was SHOCKED!''

The company's algorithms then took note of the websites from which the articles
were coming, and could detect patterns of traffic coming from those sites over
time. That process was then automated, and content identified as clickbait will
now appear lower in the news feed than before. Mr. Mosseri likened the practice
to a kind of email spam filtering process.

The move will most likely heighten the anxiety of publishers that rely heavily
on Facebook for traffic and often complain about having little insight into the
company's decision-making on how its all-powerful algorithm functions.

The social network's vast user base and sophisticated targeting capabilities
allow publishers to reach new audiences far beyond the direct traffic a media
company receives at its own site. As a result, Facebook has been able to largely
dictate the terms on which it engages with publishers, which have few other
options for distributing their articles.

Julie Hansen, the president and chief operating officer of the online
publication Business Insider, said it would take Facebook's latest algorithm
change under consideration.

''We don't do what we consider to be clickbaity headlines,'' she said, ''but
we'll certainly consider Facebook's guidance when we look to post our content
onto Facebook and adapt the headlines if needed.''

Facebook said that publishers that have clickbaitlike headlines and are ranked
lower because of the algorithm change will have the opportunity to change their
ways and rise again in the rankings.

Some publishers are now betting on a future beyond total reliance on Facebook,
as companies like Snapchat and Google offer media companies other avenues to
distribute their work.

''Today we're at peak Facebook -- Facebook dominates everything,'' said Zachary
Kaplan, a vice president at the investment firm General Atlantic, which has
invested in digital media companies like BuzzFeed and Vox Media.

''We will naturally evolve to a place where there will be more competition among
digital distributors,'' he said, ''and that would result in, naturally, more
leverage for publishers.''

For now, Facebook said it planned to improve relationships with publishers by
becoming more transparent about its news feed practices. Mr. Mosseri regularly
meets with publishers to discuss algorithm changes.

''It's becoming clear to us how there's a lot of anxiety over what we do,'' Mr.
Mosseri said. ''I spend a lot of time trying to ease that anxiety.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2016/08/05/technology/facebook-moves-to-push-clickbait-lo
wer-in-the-news-feed.html

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Mark Zuckerberg, Facebook's chief. The company spent months
classifying phrases commonly used in clickbait headlines. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DREW
ANGERER/GETTY IMAGES) (B5)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2016 The New York Times Company


                              301 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                 The State Journal- Register (Springfield, IL)

                           August 12, 2015 Wednesday

commentary;
Help Trump marginalize himself

SECTION: IL OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 579 words


In the first Republican debate, the klieg light that Donald Trump always carries
around with him revealed four or five presidential candidates who, under the
right circumstances, could beat Hillary Clinton. (Trump was not among them.) But
there was also a moment that could predict the defeat of the GOP in 2016.

No, I'm not talking about Sen. Ted Cruz heaping praise on Egyptian President
Abdel Fatah al-Sissi -- a military-backed ruler who jails journalists and has
sentenced hundreds of opponents to death or life in prison -- as a model in
dealing with Islamism. And no, I am not talking about Sen. Rand Paul's smirk
when New Jersey Gov. Chris Christie raised the memory of 9/11 victims and their
families. The single most important event of the campaign so far was Trump
raising his hand and refusing to commit to the eventual GOP nominee. At that
moment, Republicans saw a likely dystopia. Trump has gotten a hint of what it
might be like to stand on the only stage sufficient to his self-image. He thinks
that a Trump-branded White House might actually be possible.

Trump will flame out. And since he is constitutionally incapable of accepting
fault, he will blame the GOP for arson. Trump is probably gathering string to
prove a plot against him involving Megyn Kelly, the GOP establishment and the
American Gynecological and Obstetrical Association. So he is keeping his
third-party options open.

Trump's actual performance in the debate demonstrated the real reason he will
flame out. He called the other candidates "stupid" while failing to show mastery
of a single policy issue.

Trump says that the campaign finance system is broken, which he knows because he
took full advantage of it to buy politicians. So we are being told: You should
elect me to protect you from people like me.

Listen again: During the debate, he boasted of taking his investors for a ride,
utilizing bankruptcy laws to his advantage, then divesting from Atlantic City
before its economy crashed. This fits the image of the coldhearted, capitalist
fat cat better than anything Mitt Romney managed. Trump plays monopoly with
other people's money, then mocks them as suckers for trusting him. I realize
there is little upside in analyzing Trump's words. Those who support him are not
looking for fancy language, or political correctness, or logical coherence, or
human decency. They would rather have a candidate who accuses a woman of being
hormonal, then repeats the charge that she is a "bimbo," then tries to cover up
the whole mess with a clumsy deception.

As a third-party candidate, Trump could easily tip a close election to Clinton.
How do Republicans persuade him to choose nothing?

The best, maybe only, option is to ensure that his poll numbers deflate quickly,
making it obvious that a lavish campaign for the Republican nomination and,
later, the difficult task of getting on 50 ballots will end in humiliation. This
will require establishment Republicans to stop playing political bank shots off
his rise and make clear he has moved beyond the boundaries of serious and civil
discourse. And it will require conservative populists to recognize that an
alliance with Trump is effectively tying their movement to an anvil.

It is better to risk a short-term backlash than a predictable, long-term
political disaster. So Trump's inevitable self-marginalization must be given a
push.

--Michael Gerson writes for the Washington Post Writers Group. Email him at
michaelgerson@washpost.com

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Article

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The State Journal- Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              302 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Orange County Register (California)

                           September 16, 2012 Sunday

Homes at risk worth $8.3 billion

BYLINE: Jonathan Lansner Register columnist, The Orange County Register

SECTION: REALESTATE; Pg. F

LENGTH: 460 words


I don't want to jinx us, or marginalize anyone's woes or fears, but it's been a
quiet wildfire season so far around Orange County.

Of course, the number crunchers at CoreLogic have spoiled the good vibe. They've
just reminded us of the risks with a new study of what's at stake in wildfire
country. And it's a substantial hunk of real estate.

CoreLogic's new math has defined wildfire risk as both hazards that sit on a
property - and those nearby, since, as we and CoreLogic have learned, fire can
travel in numerous and curious ways. Those risks were scored by CoreLogic by two
sets of metrics - including scoring each property from 100 (highest) to 1
(lowest) with 60 or more being considered a place with high risk.

On Orange County, by the CoreLogic math - a compilation of various sets of fire
history, terrain information and real estate data - there are 24,381 properties
with an elevated risk (score of 60 or higher) of some damage from a wildfire.
That's risks either on the property itself or close by. Those properties are
worth, by CoreLogic's math, $8.3 billion.

Simply at the highest-risk slice, CoreLogic found 1,729 properties in the county
worth $599 million. Across 13 states in the western U.S., CoreLogic found
900,000 residences - worth roughly $161 billion - at this very high risk for
wildfire damage.

CoreLogic researcher Tom Jeffery says the risk measures were built to give
insurers, bankers and property owners a new measure of the risks in play.
CoreLogic does the same for flood and earthquake risk, too.

Sure, these numbers are scary. Jeffery says this data isn't just to help
insurers find more homes at high risk, and then raise those property insurance
premiums.

When CoreLogic looked at wildfire risk by Orange County ZIP codes, the biggest
dollar amount of fire hazard was found in 92679 - the foothill ZIP from Portola
Hills through Trabuco Canyon to Coto de Caza and Wagon Wheel - at $136 million.
Next was 92672 in San Clemente ($92 million); 92676 at Silverado ($85 million)
and 92651 in Laguna Beach at $73 million.

Jeffrey says California's insurance market is becoming more competitive, with
insurers seeking to grow their business here. He believes that there are
opportunities - with folks using novel risk metrics like what CoreLogic offers -
for some insurers to offer new coverage in neighborhoods where policies have
been previously hard to get or expensive. Or for companies to offer better deals
in the highest-risk communities.

"Insurers want just to write more policies," Jeffery says.

While nobody likes to ponder their home burning down - or even watching that
glow or haze of a fire nearby - if Jeffery's correct, quantifying the risk would
be a financial win for consumers.



979-777-6727 or jlansner@ocregister.com

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE:  Story

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2012 Orange County Register
                              All Rights Reserved


                              303 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            February 3, 2008 Sunday
                              Late Edition - Final

Betting on Cuisine to Marginalize Crime

BYLINE: By MICHAEL WILSON

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; DITMAS PARK JOURNAL; Pg. 25

LENGTH: 974 words


Usually, it is the harsh yellow of the crime scene tape that catches the eye,
its cold, crisp snap in the wind a universally understood sign of recent
unpleasantness.

But at the corner of Newkirk Avenue and Argyle Road in Brooklyn, amid countless
bodegas and Laundromats and Chinese takeout joints, it was not the yellow tape
alone that drew attention this week, but what stood behind it.

A French bistro. A common enough sight in Brooklyn, but the first of its kind on
this stretch of Newkirk in Ditmas Park, and suddenly a symbol on a cold Sunday
morning of the way the old neighborhood bumps up against the new.

The address, 1301 Newkirk Avenue, belonged, until September, to a shabby bodega.

The transformation since September is stunning. What occupies the corner now
looks as though it had been lifted gingerly from a country lane in Provence and
placed here, across the street from a house bearing graffiti that reads ''Crack
Pott.''

The restaurant is scheduled to open in the middle of February, barring any more
crimes like the one last Sunday morning, a shooting with no connection to the
place and sketchy details that became clearer as the week continued.

The restaurant features decorative outside lights and stained glass above the
front door. It is tempting to wonder about the new owner, and which way the
scales tip when his glass of rose and his beret are on one side and his common
sense and Brooklyn chops are on the other.

But here is a surprise.

The trim, goateed workman diligently painting the door was asked on Monday where
one might find the owner, and he replied, ''I'm the owner,'' extended a
paint-stained hand and introduced himself as Jim Mamary. ''We're kind of ready.
It doesn't look it, but we're really close.''

Mr. Mamary, 49, is far from a newcomer to the New York restaurant industry. He
is perhaps best known for Patois, another bistro, that he and his partners
opened in 1997 on Smith Street in Carroll Gardens, back when the rent on the
place was $900 and Smith Street looked less like SoHo with its restaurants and
boutiques, and more like Newkirk Avenue today.

By then, he had already opened restaurants in blocks of Brooklyn unfamiliar to
the mainstream dining crowd. By his estimation, he has opened roughly one
restaurant a year for 21 years.

''My first restaurant was in Bed-Stuy,'' he said, recalling the Grand Atlantic
Grill in Bedford-Stuyvesant. ''I'd pull up in the morning and crackheads would
try to sell me stuff.''

It closed after nine months because it did not have air-conditioning.

He opened 101 Seafood in Bay Ridge, where, he said, a low-level mobster once
fired gunshots through the window because he thought his girlfriend, a waitress,
was cheating on him.

''I opened an art gallery on Hoyt Street across the street from the projects,''
he said. ''People were like, 'Are you crazy?' ''

His move across the East River to Manhattan in 1996 proved to be a misadventure.
He and the chef Johannes Sanzin, then a 25-year-old wunderkind, opened Sanzin in
SoHo and 131 Duane in TriBeCa, both to rave reviews in The New York Times and
other publications. Both closed after the chef abruptly left.

Mr. Mamary returned to Brooklyn, where he and his partners followed Patois with
restaurants in Carroll Gardens (Uncle Pho, the Red Rail, the Gowanus Yacht Club
and Beer Garden, Pacifico), Williamsburg (Sweetwater), and Prospect-Lefferts
Gardens (Enduro), among others.

Meanwhile, he married, had three children and moved to Glenwood Road, a few
blocks from Newkirk, where he has lived for seven years.

When the derelict bodega on Newkirk closed, Mr. Mamary said, he saw an
opportunity.

''This neighborhood is completely underserved,'' he said. ''I think it's going
to really lend that little jolt.'' When people passing by ask what it is, he
replies, ''French bistro.''

''They say, 'Oh, that's good,' '' he said. '' 'Finally, someone's taking a shot
on Newkirk.'

''You can't open up a flower shop on a strip nobody would walk on. It's us guys
who take the risks. Restaurants take the risks.''

Inside, the walls are painted a warm yellow, and new tiles cover what had been a
rotting floor, he said. The walls are decorated with shellacked old newspapers
and 1940s-style paintings by Jason Clement, a 33-year-old artist. The bathroom
is practically inside the small kitchen.

Around the corner is Rugby Road, a relatively high-crime block.

''You start marginalizing the bad element,'' Mr. Mamary said. ''The more
activity there is, they move to a new location.''

But they clearly have not moved yet. Mr. Mamary arrived at the restaurant last
Sunday to find it part of a crime scene. Even two days later, he had no idea
what had happened, even though a police officer remained parked in a car,
seemingly day and night, across the street.

The police and Brooklyn prosecutors described the following: At 6 a.m. last
Sunday, a 32-year-old man named Anthony Jimenez of East 10th Street in Brooklyn
shot Navid Ahmed, 29, of Rugby Road, five times on the corner of Newkirk and
Argyle.

Mr. Ahmed had his gallbladder removed in emergency surgery at Brookdale
University Hospital and Medical Center, and suffered liver damage, but he is in
stable condition and signed a complaint charging Mr. Jimenez with attempted
murder, the police said.

Mr. Jimenez was arrested on Sunday, but the police did not offer a reason for
the shooting.

Mr. Mamary just shrugged it off, as he shrugged off the graffiti that has forced
him to paint over the outside of the restaurant three times and counting.

He said he planned to seat 30 customers on the sidewalk in warm months.

The only thing missing is a name. The tentative front-runner is Pomme de Terre.

Literally, that's apple of the earth, or potato, but, Mr. Mamary said, ''it's
kind of like the heart of the soil.''

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: Jim Mamary is opening a French bistro on the corner of Newkirk
Avenue and Argyle Road, the scene of a shooting last Sunday. (PHOTOGRAPH BY RUBY
WASHINGTON/THE NEW YORK TIMES)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2008 The New York Times Company


                              304 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             May 29, 2003 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Loudoun Letters to the Editor

SECTION: LOUDOUN EXTRA; Pg. T02

LENGTH: 845 words


One thing that I appreciate in my elected representatives is honesty and
consistency. That seems to be increasingly rare these days. In 1995, H. Russell
Potts Jr. (R-Winchester) ran for reelection to the Virginia Senate saying he was
the "only conservative in the field." On his Web site, he claims to be "100
percent pro-life . . . and that life begins at conception."

Although Potts has supported some pro-life legislation in committee and on the
floor, he is trying to increasingly distance himself from the issue. He now
calls himself a "moderate" and would like nothing better than to categorize Mark
Tate, his Republican primary opponent, as a right-wing extremist.

But what does Potts really believe? Is he simply trying to marginalize the
issue, or is he being inconsistent? What does he believe about life in general?

In 1992, he voted for a bill that would have authorized euthanasia. He voted to
make peaceful protests outside abortion clinics illegal. In 2001, he voted
against Gov. James S. Gilmore III's recommendation to make cloning of human
life, a dubious procedure at best, a felony. He also voted for the RU-486
abortion pill. This is hardly the record of one with a conservative view of the
sanctity of life.

Was Potts ever a conservative in the first place, or was it just convenient for
him at the time? Why is he backing off from his previous commitment to the most
innocent members of our society? I have been disappointed with Potts's
doublespeak and, after investigating both candidates, must conclude that the
incumbent simply can't decide which crowd he wants to please more on this and
other issues.

I want to support a candidate who will go to Richmond and stand up for the
conservative values that I believe in without sticking out his finger to see
which way the political winds are blowing before every vote.

My family settled in Virginia, the home of presidents, 25 years ago. Following
the example of our esteemed forefathers, we should demand no less integrity from
those who seek to be our leaders today.

Paul B. Protic

Lovettsville

In the November 2003 elections for the Board of Supervisors, history, it would
appear, is about to repeat itself. The strings to the election results will be
manipulated, as previously, by the apolitical hunt. Taxes and abortion will play
important roles but in inverse proportion to their relevance.

In the Democratic protocol, there will be an appeal to the vanity of the only
candidate running to drop out of the race for board chairman again and throw his
support to the present Republican imposter, running as an independent, if his
virtues as a planner have any hope of being preserved.

Vanity being what it is, this Democratic front-runner, will, of course, concede
to these wishes, citing a relatively clear conscience, in spite of the disaster
inflicted upon Loudoun's economy and landowner equity caused by his actions.

Republicans, on the other hand, will split their vote between a pro-abortion
candidate, who insists upon letting sleeping dogs lie, referring to the
Comprehensive Plan, and a pro-lifer, who declares that he is the bull in the
china shop when it comes to reversing changes inflicted on landowners by the
Comprehensive Plan, heavily supported by property rights advocates.

Given the statistics from the last presidential election in the marginally
Republican state of Virginia, with George W. Bush taking 56 percent of the vote
to 41 percent for Al Gore, and Loudoun exclusively Republican, it will take but
a small split in Republican ranks to lose the election.

Taxes, which should be the main focus of the election and used to augment the
Republican cause, instead will be placed on the back burner by the puppeteers.
Downzoning will be framed as a smart-growth, rather than a tax, issue, even
though limiting available residential development through downzoning will cause
taxes on the remaining properties to skyrocket to support existing services that
continue costing more to maintain.

The fact that affected property values have been halved by downzoning, which is
essentially an estate tax on the living, will be ignored, even though, at the
time of death, the government, both state and federal, will impose another
estate tax upon the remaining value, subjecting property owners to a loss of
more than 75 percent of the potential value of their property, had it not been
subjected to downzoning.

Downzoning also reduces the commercial tax base by discouraging industry from
establishing in the county, due to lack of adequate housing that reduces living
expenses of its employees and other reasons, as cited in Loudoun's recent
economic development committee report, aggravating existing property taxes.

A drastic revision to the present zoning ordinance, therefore, must be the
essential prerequisite for election to the Board of Supervisors. As an
alternative recourse, however, when your children and grandchildren ask you
where the money went, you can always whip out the Comprehensive Plan, its only
redeeming value.

Lawrence V. Phillips

Round Hill

LOAD-DATE: May 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2003 The Washington Post


                              305 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             June 15, 2002 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Bringing Experience To the School Board

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. A22

LENGTH: 267 words


I am troubled that The Post marginalizes my skills as a member of the D.C. Board
of Education [editorial, June 4]. It focuses almost exclusively on my political
affiliations as opposed to my re[acute]sume[acute], which more than qualifies me
for this position.

Last winter's nomination process brought my leadership skills before Chairman
Kevin Chavous's Committee on Education, accompanied by numerous professional
testimonials and support from the Washington Teachers Union. I earned a
unanimous vote of the D.C. Council.

I am a lesbian and a member of the National Democratic Committee, but that is
not why I was appointed to the board. For 20 years, I have dedicated my career
to improving the lives of others through public service. I've helped families
and children by providing affordable housing, family services and economic
development opportunities as the deputy receiver of the Chester Housing
Authority, am the former executive director of the Cambridge, Ohio, Housing
Authority and the former director of the federal Section 8 housing program at
the Department of Housing and Urban Development. My career has focused on
improving the delivery of services to people.

I bring to the school board my long experience in public finance and accounting,
as well as my expertise in operations and facilities management. These skills
are fundamental to making sure that D.C. public schools deliver quality
education and services to our children.

Kindly recognize me for who I am -- a qualified appointed member of the Board of
Education.

MIRIAN SAEZ

Member, Board of Education

Washington

LOAD-DATE: June 15, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: LETTER

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2002 The Washington Post


                              306 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                  Wisconsin State Journal (Madison, Wisconsin)

                             March 19, 2006 Sunday
                                  ALL EDITION

WISPOLITICS.COM STOCK REPORT;
UPS AND DOWNS IN WISCONSIN POLITICS AS COLLECTED BY WISPOLITICS.COM STAFF

SECTION: LOCAL; Pg. D9

LENGTH: 885 words


RISING

GARD GETS SOME LIFTS

Dick Cheney may be unpopular (as state Dems loved pointing out), but a veep
visit is still a big deal for a first-time candidate for Congress. John Gard,
the Assembly speaker, follows with a trip to D.C. to schmooze with House leaders
and business groups and raise more money. Republican insiders say the Cheney
visit and the big D.C. embrace from the GOP establishment further marginalize
primary opponent Terri McCormick, though many media reports on the Cheney event
give McCormick plenty of room to state her case; she also uses the opportunity
to tout her "Washington outsider" credentials.

GOTTLIEB NAMED TO JOINT FINANCE

The two-term Port Washington Republican and former Port Washington mayor is
named to the Legislature's Joint Finance Committee, replacing departing Rep.
Scott Jensen. The JFC may not have much work left in this session, but the
appointment gives Mark Gottlieb a lead on keeping the seat on the powerful
committee after this fall's elections.

MIXED

MADISON'S SCIENTIFIC IMAGE BOOSTED

A pair of announcements enhances the capital's reputation as a center of top
scientific research as it becomes the northern headquarters, of sorts, for flu
research and response. The state hygiene lab will be the nation's first public
facility to perform key anti-viral testing, becoming "CDC North," in the words
of Gov. Jim Doyle. And UW-Madison kept a key flu researcher happy and on campus
by announcing plans for a $9 million influenza research facility. Yoshihiro
Kawaoka ("one of the most outstanding scientists this campus has seen in
decades," according to one university staffer) was reportedly being recruited by
the University of Pittsburgh before the announcement.

AG UP ON ENERGY, MIXED ON CONTRACEPTION

Democrat Attorney General Peg Lautenschlager continues to score public points on
fighting high energy prices, hyping her cooperation with other Midwestern AGs
and testifying before a U.S. Senate committee on the need for transparency in
natural gas markets. But her move to join in a lawsuit against what she labels a
"politically motivated delay" by the FDA regarding the OK of emergency
contraception brings instant condemnation from the GOP candidates for AG. The
GOP-ers say it's another example of a sue-happy AG pursuing a personal agenda at
the expense of state taxpayers. The abortion rights lobby, however, gives her
kudos. That could help Lautenschlager in her primary but hurt her among some
middle-of-the-road voters if she makes it to the general election.

FALLING

JENSEN ROLLS DICE, LOSES

It's a rare moment when a Wisconsin legislator is forced out of office because
of a felony conviction, but that's what will happen this Tuesday to former
Assembly speaker and one-time rising Republican star Scott Jensen, following
guilty verdicts on all counts from a Dane County jury. Republicans call it sad.
Observers call it a tragedy. Democrats have mixed feelings, considering some of
their own have, too, been caught up in the "caucus scandal" dating back to 2002.
Even Jensen friends wonder about his strategy to take his chances in a
full-blown trial, and now have little confidence that an appeal will help him
avoid a jail sentence longer than the nine-month term now being served by his
old nemesis, former Senate Majority Leader Chuck Chvala, D-Madison. It's hard
for politicos to see how Jensen can win at the appeals court level or at the
Supreme Court, where Republican-leaning justices would be expected to recuse
themselves. Speculation among legal beagles pegs his eventual sentence at
between two and three years full time behind bars.

DOYLE SHOULD BE DOING A JIG

It should have been a happy week for Jim Doyle, a Democrat governor of Irish
heritage. Doyle did stage a couple of well-attended St. Patrick's Day parties,
led the announcement of flu-preparedness pork in Madison and signed a major
piece of energy legislation. But the abruptly announced departure of Campaign
Manager Rich Judge, a known and generally well-liked quantity in political
circles, and his replacement with former state Rep. Dan Schooff, not well-known
and without statewide campaign experience, raises questions among Democrat
insiders and operatives. Republicans use the occasion to again link Judge and
Doyle to the "caucus scandal" that felled Scott Jensen and Sherry Schultz, and
insiders of both parties appear unwilling to believe that Judge left simply
because of health and family issues. Speculation abounds that internal turf wars
may have pushed away another loyal friend, further isolating the East Wing.
Insiders say Judge's departure may prove helpful down the road if "caucus
scandal" charges are exchanged on air, but some wonder whether Schooff's PSC
(Public Service Commission) connection could prove just as troublesome if
utility-related donations become a big issue. Election-year campaign shake-ups
are rarely viewed positively in the political world, campaign vets note. In
addition, there's insider carping that Doyle listened more to Gard and
Republicans than to Waukesha County Democrat activists when it came to a
flip-flop on holding a special election for Jensen's Brookfield area seat -- a
district barely won by Jensen in a January 1992 special election. .

Wispolitics.com is a political news service. For more, visit
www.wispolitics.com.

LOAD-DATE: March 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos of Mark Gottlieb, Peg Lautenschlager and Jim Doyle

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Madison Newspapers, Inc.


                              307 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                     August 24, 1997, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Up to Speed;
THE WEEK'S TOP STORIES;
25 million pounds of meat recalled

BYLINE: From staff and news services.

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Pg. 02N

LENGTH: 838 words


Hudson Foods recalled an additional 25 million pounds of meat and closed a plant
in Nebraska after hazardous bacteria were found in the plant the previous week,
leading to the recall of 1.2 million pounds.

Federal investigators found evidence that hamburger patties left over from
production on June 5, when the potentially deadly E. coli bacteria was detected,
were added to production the next day.

Hudson supplied ground beef for Burger King and Boston Market outlets and frozen
beef patties sold at Safeway, Wal-Mart and Sam's Club. All have removed the meat
from their shelves.

Coming up: Thomas Billy, chief of the USDA's Food Safety and Inspection Service,
said the plant would remain closed until there are no more indications of
contamination.

WORLD

BOSNIA BOILING POT: British troops with armored vehicles seized the five police
stations and several thousand weapons in Banja Luka, Bosnia, effectively
eradicating the local power base of war crimes suspect Radovan Karadzic. Coming
up: Western powers are seeking to marginalize Karadzic as a first step toward
getting him before an international tribunal to face war crimes charges.

NATION

RUBY RIDGE STANDOFF: Five years after the deadly mountain standoff at Ruby Ridge
in Idaho, a county prosecutor charged an FBI sharpshooter with manslaughter and
a friend of white separatist Randy Weaver with first-degree murder. FBI Director
Louis Freeh said he was "deeply disappointed" by the decision to prosecute Agent
Lon Horiuchi. Coming up: If convicted, Horiuchi could get 10 years in prison.
The friend, Kevin Harris, faces the death penalty.

UPS STRIKE ENDS: United Parcel Service and the Teamsters union settled their
strike after 15 days. They agreed to creation of 10,000 new full-time jobs from
existing part-time positions, a $ 3.10-an-hour raise to $ 23.05 over five years
for full-timers, and continuation of the Teamsters multiple-employer pension
plan. Coming up: The company will try to mend morale and win back customers.

BREAST IMPLANTS: Women who argued that their breast implants made them sick wept
with joy when a jury in New Orleans agreed that Dow Chemical Co. tested silicone
implants on humans and plotted to hide potential health dangers. Coming up: The
battle continues, as the jury must still decide whether implants actually made
anyone sick.

TOBACCO WARS: As Congress prepares to consider a $ 368 billion settlement that
would wipe out most lawsuits against the tobacco industry, Philip Morris'
chairman and CEO testified that cigarettes "might have" killed 100,000
Americans. Coming up: The industry's top lawyer says the companies will abandon
the settlement if President Clinton tries to get more money from them.

AFFIRMATIVE ACTION: The post-affirmative action era began at the University of
California's law school opened its doors to an incoming class containing exactly
one black student. Coming up: Black students already enrolled predict a somewhat
difficult year.

WASHINGTON

VERDICT ON VALUJET: The National Transportation Safety Board ruled that the fire
begun and nourished by oxygen generators was the official cause of the crash of
the Valujet plane in the Florida Everglades 15 months ago, but that ultimately
the accident, which killed 110 people, occurred because of supervisory failures.
Coming up: The Federal Aviation Administration plans to require the 3,400
passenger and cargo planes with unventilated cargo holds to be equipped with
detectors and suppression devices by 2001.

SOUTH

BREAKING RANKS: Thirty-one young women made history at Virginia Military
Institute as 158 years of all-male tradition came to an end. So far, only one
woman has given up. Coming up: All parties hope to avoid the scandals that have
beset The Citadel since Shannon Faulkner became the first woman to enroll in the
South Carolina military college in 1995.

> Alumni of The Citadel and VMI have begun plans to raise $ 100 million for a
private Christian military college.

MLK ASSASSINATION: A Tennessee appeals court halted all action in James Earl
Ray's bid for a new trial proving that his rifle did not kill the Rev. Martin
Luther King Jr. in 1968, saying that rulings so far have strayed too far from
usual practice. Coming up: The appeals court will hear oral argument by lawyers
later this month.

LOCAL

HOSPITAL BILLING PROBE: The U.S. attorney's office in Atlanta is investigating
36 Georgia hospitals for possible illegal overbilling involving Medicare and
Medicaid. GHA, an association representing Georgia hospitals, likened the probe,
which includes hospitals in seven states, to a "fishing expedition." Coming up:
The investigation may extend to more Georgia hospitals, according to GHA, and
eventually 4,700 hospitals nationwide will be responding to federal inquiries
about possible billing problems, according to the American Hospital Association.

Want to read more? Call The Stacks information service, 404-526-5668,to purchase
reprints of complete articles.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:  Chart, illustration and map: TASMANIAN TIGER BACK ON THE PROWL?
 > Villagers of Irian Jaya, the Indonesian-controlled western half of the
 island of New Guinea, have reported packs of Tasmanian Tigers killing farm
 animals. > Scientists believed the tiger was extinct for at least 60
 years, prompting officials to offer a $ 670 reward for one captured alive.
 > The Tasmanian Tiger, also called the Tasmanian Wolf, is a large
 marsupial native to Tasmania.
 Illustration of animal shows:
 > Light brown fur with dark stripes across its lower back
 > About 5 feet long
 The jaws of a Tasmanian Tiger are believed to open wider than any other
 mammal.They raise their young in pouches like other marsupials which
 include the kangaroo, koala, possum, Tasmanian Devil and wallaby.
 Map shows location of Tasmania and Irian Jaya
Source: Tasmania Online, Cryptozoology Zone / ASSOCIATED PRESS

                    Copyright 1997 The Atlanta Constitution


                              308 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Vancouver Province (British Columbia)

                            September 9, 2012 Sunday
                                Final_CC Edition

How much is too much information?; Sharing your personal woes at work can help,
or hurt, your career. Here's a guide to deciding how much to spill

BYLINE: Reuters

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. A35

LENGTH: 469 words


Turning the other cheek is the best course when the boss lashes out in error,
our coachadvises a37

You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal to all your
coworkers. But at home, your life is like a country song breakups, babies,
debts, disease, your truck broke down and your dog is sick.

Assuming your job isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill? Sharing
personal details at work can be a difficult terrain to navigate. Tell all early
and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your personal life
affects your work. But overshare and you can marginalize yourself at the one
place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the most
anxiety-provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Here is a quick primer for what, how and when to share at the office:

- Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule,
you should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance.

- Workers' views on sharing may be affected by their age, says Amy Lynch, a
Minneapolis consultant. "Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to
share private info, even if it impacts performance," she says. Generation X
tends to share personal dramas since, "withholding it might be unethical because
it affects team performance." Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that
kind of info with everybody. They Facebook it."

And speaking of Facebook, don't post personal items on social networking sites
if you aren't going to disclose them at work. Your colleagues will find out. And
they will talk.

- Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tenn., firm with 125 employees.

- Offer a solution at the same time you bring up the topic. If you need to take
time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which colleagues
could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the evenings.

- Some corporations have employee assistance programs run by third-party
companies to help staff with personal problems. They can save a company money,
says health benefits consultant Sarah Hulsey. If an employee can get help
working out a knotty problem like finding daycare for a dependent parent, that
can save hours and days of work time. But there's another reason, says Hulsey:
"[The plans are] there so we don't have that personal information shared in the
workplace."

LOAD-DATE: September 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: thinkstock.com; Generally, you should share information about things
that will affect your work and keep private personal details that won't impact
your performance.;

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2012 The Vancouver Province, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                                Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              309 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Topeka Capital-Journal (Kansas)

                             August 14, 2015 Friday

Michael Gerson: Help Trump marginalize himself

LENGTH: 602 words


In the first Republican debate, the klieg light that Donald Trump carries around
with him revealed four or five presidential candidates who, under the right
circumstances, could beat Hillary Clinton. Trump was not among them. But there
was also a moment that could predict the defeat of the GOP in 2016.

I'm not talking about Sen. Ted Cruz heaping praise on Egyptian President Abdel
Fatah al-Sissi - a military-backed ruler who jails journalists and has sentenced
hundreds of opponents to death or life in prison - as a model in dealing with
Islamism. I am not talking about Sen. Rand Paul's smirk when New Jersey Gov.
Chris Christie raised the memory of 9/11 victims and their families.

The single most important event of the campaign so far was Trump raising his
hand and refusing to commit to the eventual GOP nominee. At that moment,
Republicans saw a likely dystopia. Trump has gotten a hint of what it might be
like to stand on the only stage sufficient to his self-image. He thinks a
Trump-branded White House might actually be possible. It is not a view held by
any serious political observer.

Trump will flame out. And since he is incapable of accepting fault, he will
blame the GOP for arson. As someone prone to conspiracy theories, Trump is
probably gathering string to prove a plot against him involving Megyn Kelly, the
GOP establishment and the American Gynecological and Obstetrical Association. So
he is keeping his third-party options open.

Trump's performance in the debate demonstrated the real reason he will flame
out. He called other candidates "stupid" while failing to show mastery of a
single policy issue.

Trump says the campaign finance system is broken, which he knows because he took
full advantage of it to buy politicians. So we are being told: You should elect
me to protect you from people like me. The taking of graft, it seems, is deeply
corrupt, while the giving of graft is just part of the game. The Trump
syllogism: Every politician is bought by billionaires. Only billionaires can
fund their own campaigns to avoid being bought. Therefore only billionaires can
save us from billionaires.

During the debate, he boasted of taking his investors for a ride, utilizing
bankruptcy laws to his advantage, then divesting from Atlantic City before its
economy crashed. This fits the image of the coldhearted, capitalist fat cat
better than anything Mitt Romney managed.

There is little upside in analyzing Trump's words. Those who support him are not
looking for fancy language, political correctness, logical coherence or human
decency. They would rather have a candidate who accuses a woman of being
hormonal, then repeats the charge that she is a "bimbo," then tries to cover up
the whole mess with a clumsy deception.

As a third-party candidate, Trump could easily tip a close election to Clinton.
How do Republicans persuade him to choose nothing?

The best, maybe only, option is to ensure his poll numbers deflate quickly,
making it obvious a lavish campaign for the Republican nomination and, later,
the difficult task of getting on 50 ballots will end in humiliation. This will
require establishment Republicans to stop playing political bank shots off his
rise and make clear he has moved beyond the boundaries of serious and civil
discourse. And it will require conservative populists to recognize that an
alliance with Trump is effectively tying their movement to an anvil (the Red
State summit disinvitation is a good start).

It is better to risk a short-term backlash than a predictable, long-term
political disaster. So Trump's inevitable self-marginalization must be given a
push.

LOAD-DATE: August 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The Topeka Capital-Journal
                              All Rights Reserved


                              310 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              June 15, 2014 Sunday

Father's Day card conveys outsized love

BYLINE: Frank Denton

SECTION: Frank Denton; Pg. E-1

LENGTH: 931 words


Today Matthew Calise is giving his dad a very unusual Father's Day card. It is
outsized, with even more love than usual.

The giving will be virtual, not actual, because father Jimmy Calise died April
6, 2005.

But the message on the card probably is the most powerful gift that Matthew
could ever give Jimmy: "I'm coming out as a Straight Ally in support of LGBT
equality and the Human Rights Ordinance."

You've read here about the importance of fathers, in an era when almost half of
Jacksonville's births are to single mothers and about a third of American
children live with a single parent, usually the mother. Research shows that
children with highly involved fathers develop more fully, are better at solving
problems and handling frustration, are more socially skilled and empathetic,
have a better sense of humor and attention span and are more eager to explore
and learn.

In a society that worships mothers and sometimes marginalizes fathers, being a
good dad is not always straightforward.

Jimmy Calise had to work even harder at fatherhood because he also was
struggling with his own life and identity.

Matthew was the only child of the comfortable, middle-class family in north
Mandarin. Both parents were Duval County educators. Jill still teaches at
Hendricks Elementary, and Jimmy was a classroom teacher and then an
administrator.

Jimmy also was gay.

When he finally came out, his son Matthew was only 8 years old, in the third
grade, but could see the pain in his father. "It was difficult. You could tell
there was a big internal struggle after he came out. It was across all facets of
his life - it was personal, it was monetary, it was physical. He had been taught
all his life that wasn't the way to live. So when he came out, it was a relief
to him, but it started a new struggle - how do I live like this?

"It was something I had to learn about. When you're 8 years old, you're still
just a kid and don't think about guys and girls. I mean, girls have cooties, for
god's sake. It took some adjusting to and learning what it was, and it was put
more on him to tell me and provide the explanation. He told me, it's hard to
understand."

Jimmy was disowned. "My father's father was Italian, and his mother was
Lebanese," Matthew said. "Neither culture, one Arabic, one Italian, could accept
that lifestyle at all. His mother accepted him, but his father did not. He moved
to Dallas, saying he couldn't be in the same city with his son - if he saw him
out with another man, he didn't think he'd be able to control himself."

And it wasn't easy outside the family. "It's unbelievable how different the
acceptance level is now compared to when I was a kid," Matthew said. "I look
back and don't want to say I was embarrassed, but it was something I was not
open about with my friends. It wasn't accepted, even 17 years ago. We have come
a long way, and there's still a long way to go."

Jill and Jimmy split up as a couple, of course, and that made fatherhood all the
more difficult. But through all his personal pain and trauma, Jimmy Calise was a
good dad.

"An awesome dad," Jill said. "I had trouble having Matthew, I had to have an
emergency C-section, but on day two, we're home, and Jimmy's up, wrapping
Matthew and taking him to school to show him off. For years, Jimmy gave him most
of his night feedings."

In the marital division of labor, Jimmy was the cook. "I can't tell you how many
times I saw Jimmy cooking with his son on his hip. And Matthew loves to cook to
this day."

"As a father, he made sacrifices for me," Matthew said. "He supported me in all
my endeavors. I was involved in theater and the arts, and he was always there.
He always showed his love for what I was doing. If it was my passion, he
supported me."

Jimmy took a second job at night to get by, working as a waiter and manager in a
restaurant. "He would take Matthew with him," Jill said. "Even after the
separation, Matthew and I would go down to the restaurant so we could have
dinner with him."

That second job became even more important when Jimmy got sick and began
amassing medical bills.

Jimmy was HIV-positive and developed AIDS.

Even on his deathbed, he found the energy to worry about a swoon in his son's
grades. "We visited him in the hospital," Jill said, "and he's giving Matthew
all hell about those grades. I looked at Matthew, and we both started laughing
in his face."

Jimmy wouldn't need his retirement money, so he set up a fund to support Matthew
through Florida State University, preparing him for his current job as a
marketing coordinator at Swisher International in Jacksonville.

"I wish we had been able to spend more time together," Matthew said. "But I'm
very grateful I had close to 16 years with him, more years than some people. I
feel very blessed."

It was in that spirit that, at One Spark this year, Matthew approached the We
Are Straight Allies campaign, which supports adding gay, lesbian, bisexual and
transgender people to protection under Jacksonville's Human Rights Ordinance. He
and his mom are joining a number of other community leaders in appearing on
posters as "straight allies."

That is Matthew's Father's Day card.

"I'd love to have him back, but even in his absence, he's continued to impact my
life," Matthew said. "He still has a presence in my life.

"There are three days a year when he's on my mind more than others - Jan. 3, his
birthday; April 6, the day he died, and Father's Day.

"This Sunday, I'm sure I'll have a moment of reflection. I'll just take my
moment and reflect on what's happened. And how thankful I am."

frank.denton@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4197

LOAD-DATE: July 2, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
Provided by EQ3 Media Matthew and Jill Calise are appearing on this poster as a
tribute to Matthew's father.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The Florida Times-Union


                              311 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 25, 2014 Friday

Hawaii: Guam Build-Up Likely To Further Marginalize Indigenous Chamorros

LENGTH: 576  words

DATELINE: Honolulu


Pacific Islands Development, The State of Hawaii has issued the following news
release:

The influx of Marines from Okinawa and civilian workers from foreign countries
to Guam is likely to create cultural conflicts and compromise the political
influence of the native population, according to the draft supplemental
environmental impact statement.

"At 37.3 percent of the population, Chamorros are already a minority on Guam,
although they are still a plurality (being) the largest single group," the
impact study said.

"Therefore, incoming temporary H-2B construction workers and other workers
associated with construction could increase Chamorro feelings of
marginalization," the draft study said.

The SEIS, however, noted that most of the foreign workers, who are coming from
the freely associated states or other countries under the H-2B program, would
not have voting rights and are likely to leave Guam after 2025.

"Therefore, the construction component should not have ongoing minoritization
impacts for indigenous Chamorros or the existing local population," the study
said.

Just the same, the study predicted the likelihood that some servicemen and
foreign workers would stay on Guam after the completion of the Marines'
relocation process, resulting in a projected population increase of
approximately 7,412.

"Most of these people would have political rights as U.S. citizens. While
Marines and adult dependents would only be on Guam for two to three years and
would likely not become deeply engaged in local politics, their sustained
presence could affect Chamorro political strength," the study said.

Reduction

The draft study noted that a reduction in Chamorro and local voting power may
also be felt on the policy level, when cultural tradition is involved.

"For example, it is commonly agreed among Chamorro politicians that public funds
should be spent to support funeral and wake activities," the draft SEIS said.
"However, non-Chamorro elected officials may not agree with this cultural
tradition, risking the elimination of these and related policies or practices."

The SEIS said nuanced aspects of the way the military deals with the Chamorro
population on Guam would determine the perception of whether they respect the
local population and culture.

Negative interaction

Besides the cultural aspect, the study noted that the negative interactions
related to the incoming new population are "more likely to be irritants that may
undermine a sense of mutual respect between social groups."

Large-scale in-migration of culturally different populations can lead to tension
with the host community's longtime residents, it said.

"Cultural discontinuities could emerge during the construction component,
producing conflict. Such discontinuity and conflict could increase as greater
numbers of in-migrants arrive," the study said.

Cultural orientation

From its end, the Navy seeks to arrest the potential conflict by offering an
orientation program to brief newly assigned service members and their families
about the local culture.

"In addition, a longstanding variety of community service programs have
encouraged positive interaction and cultural exchange between the military and
civilian populations on Guam," the SEIS said.

"These programs have the potential to bring a beneficial impact to Guam to the
point that positive interactions could strengthen military ties to local
communities."

For further information please visit: http://pidp.eastwestcenter.org/

LOAD-DATE: April 26, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              312 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             March 22, 2013 Friday
                                  Main Edition

GUEST COLUMN;
Dear Fulton: Cut your waste

BYLINE: Jan Jones; For the AJC

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 694 words


As a 30-year Fulton County resident, I've shared my neighbors' frustration with
an unwieldy county government lacking competence on critical services only it
can perform --- and that nearby counties perform well.

No wonder residents voted overwhelmingly to create the cities of Sandy Springs,
Johns Creek, Milton and Chattahoochee Hills. The result: better service levels
at lesser cost.

These changes bear a message for all Georgians: Bold, thoughtful change and a
strong stomach can fix vexing problems in our communities.

Alas, Fulton elections, jails and other services marginalize citizens' voices
--- and provide marginal services at staggeringly disproportionate costs.

Since Fulton is our capital county and home to 10 percent of Georgia's
population, its failures also disproportionately affect the entire metro Atlanta
region.

To rein in out-of-control spending and give homeowners tax relief, the Georgia
House recently gave two-thirds approval to a higher homestead exemption,
legislation I crafted. This is not a new idea. The legislation I authored would
essentially have the same effect as a 2008 bill introduced and widely supported
by House Democrats.

Five of seven county commissioners have protested that a modest display of
fiscal responsibility will necessitate cuts in Grady Memorial Hospital funding.
The facts simply don't support that conclusion.

Fulton spends 121 percent more per capita than neighboring, similarly sized
Gwinnett County and 68 percent more than Cobb County, excluding expenditures on
Grady and MARTA. After the homestead exemption is fully phased in, Fulton would
still spend 100 percent more per capita than Gwinnett --- again, excluding
Grady's cost.

The answer isn't to cut Grady's funding. The answer is to cut the waste that has
pervaded nearly every other Fulton service.

A 2009 joint study by University of Georgia and Georgia State University showed
Fulton grossly exceeded expenditures of comparable counties in almost every
service. Some examples:

Fulton commissioners spent $2,211 per Child Protective Service investigation in
DFACS, on average. Cobb and Gwinnett spent $148 per investigation.

Fulton spent roughly double what Cobb and Gwinnett spent administering each
parcel in the tax assessor's and tax commissioner's offices.

Its purchasing department costs were more than double those of Cobb and
Gwinnett.

Little has changed since then. Today, Fulton spends 66 percent and 158 percent
more per capita on library staffing than Gwinnett and Cobb, respectively,
despite lower library materials circulation than both counties. Each
commissioner enjoys a $400,000 budget for his personal office and staff, three
times that of Cobb and Gwinnett. And last year, Fulton spent $840,000 on
contract and in-house lobbyists.

Yet a constitutionally required service, the county jail, lacked 1,300 secure
cell door locks for a decade. The locks are finally being replaced, but long
after warnings from three consecutive sheriffs. Compliance costs exceeded $100
million for court-ordered federal oversight of dangerous jail conditions.

Last November, mishandled elections led to an investigation by Secretary of
State Brian Kemp and a historic number of provisional ballots cast due to
elections staff errors.

If approved by voters, the homestead exemption increase would be phased in over
three years beginning in 2015, giving Fulton plenty of time to figure out how
the rest of Georgia delivers better services at reasonable costs.

A dozen other reform bills are in process to improve Fulton through changes that
can only be accomplished legislatively, such as modernizing MARTA, increasing
the threshold required to raise property taxes, and reforming the courts and
elections board. Others would end the tax commissioner's built-in incentive to
pad his yearly compensation to $350,000, implement a performance-based employee
system, and create six commission districts closer to the people and one
countywide chairman.

My message to Fulton commissioners: Stop scaremongering, cut the waste, and
improve the constitutionally required services that residents can't get
elsewhere. And quit treating Grady like the proverbial whipping boy.

LOAD-DATE: March 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Jan Jones, R-Milton, is House speaker pro tem. Dean Rohrer /
NewsArt /ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2013 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              313 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Augusta Chronicle (Georgia)

                              April 3, 2006 Monday
                                  ALL EDITION

BLACK MEN'S PLIGHT MUST BE REVERSED

BYLINE: By Salim Muwakkil Guest Columnist

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Salim Muwakkil guest column; Pg. A05

LENGTH: 424 words


Blacks are in the midst of a social crisis that threatens the very viability of
the black community. And it has ominous implications for the nation at large.

The heart of the problem is the literal disappearance of black men. Although
black men are conspicuously successful in many arenas of American life, they are
- especially in inner cities - besieged by poverty, violence mass incarceration
and disease.

A confluence of ills has long conspired to marginalize black men and track them
into a trajectory of failure. But a flurry of recent studies has revealed that
their decline in socioeconomic status is more rapid than previously thought.

"There's something very different happening with young black men, and it's
something we can no longer ignore," Ronald B. Mincy, professor of social work at
Columbia University, told The New York Times. Mincy is the author of Black Males
Left Behind, a new book that attempts to quantify the extent of their decline.
"Over the last two decades, the economy did great," he told the Times, "and
low-skilled women, helped by public policy, latched onto it. But young black men
were falling farther back."

AMONG OTHER things, the new studies found:

In the nation's inner cities, more than half of all black men drop out of high
school.

In 2004, of the black men who had dropped out of high school and who were now in
their 20s, more than 70 percent were out of work. And of those who had graduated
from high school, half were out of work.

By their mid-30s, of the black men who had dropped out of high school, 60
percent had served time in jail. And of those who had no more than a high school
education, 30 percent had served time in jail.

The scholars cite many reasons for this deterioration. Primary among them are
bad schools, absent parents, racism, structural changes in the economy and a
subculture that glorifies gangsterism.

PERHAPS THE most distressing implication is the growing gender imbalance between
black men and women. The toll on inner-city life is serving to de-populate many
black communities of men.

"Where have all the black men gone?" asked a headline last summer in a
Star-Ledger (Newark, N.J.) piece examining these gender imbalances.

Since the late 1980s, black activists have quipped that black men were an
endangered species, trying to use hyperbole as inspiration for change.

But it's no longer such hyperbole, and change is more urgently needed than ever.

(Editor's note: The writer is senior editor of the Chicago-based In These Times
magazine.)

Knight Ridder/Tribune Information Services

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: GUEST COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2006 Southeastern Newspapers Corporation


                              314 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Spokesman Review (Spokane, WA)

                          February 15, 2006 Wednesday
                                 Idaho Edition

Gubernatorial hopeful admits his ideas may marginalize him

BYLINE: JoNel Aleccia Staff writer

SECTION: B; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 446 words


Dan Adamson understands that voters might not take seriously a candidate for
governor who gives away T-shirts and iPods, wants to export state inmates
overseas and hopes to lure Hispanic supporters with free tacos.

The Chubbuck businessman, who owns a chain of nursing homes, acknowledged
Tuesday that there's a chance his deliberately outrageous views may be
marginalized as he challenges Republican U.S. Rep. C.L. "Butch" Otter to be the
state's next governor.

"Innovative ideas have never been popular," said Adamson, 54, who visited Coeur
d'Alene on Tuesday to secure support. "When is an idea an idea that's not
marginalized by someone?"

Adamson, who unsuccessfully ran for Congress in the 1980s, said Idaho needs new
vision to enliven the political process and propel the state forward.

"Idaho politics is absolutely barren of excitement," he said.

Adamson and Otter are seeking the Republican nomination for governor in the May
primary. Jerry Brady, a former eastern Idaho newspaper publisher, is running
unopposed for the Democratic nomination to replace outgoing Republican Gov. Dirk
Kempthorne.

Adamson, a Twin Falls native, has launched a Web site -  www.myidahorocks.com -
that uses music, games and prizes to attract support. "All ye who enter, abandon
boredom," the site's introduction advises, against a musical backdrop of the
song "Simply Irresistible."

The site includes a $1 million fund-raising project that divides a map of Idaho
into a million virtual pieces, then invites backers to buy a piece of
"CyberIdaho" for $1 a pop. By Tuesday, the site reported 881 pieces had been
sold, leaving 999,169 to go. Adamson said another 3,000 supporters had not yet
been logged on the site.

It includes a tour of Adamson's seven primary positions on subjects ranging from
public education and abortion to economic development and voter turnout.

Among Adamson's more unusual ideas is a plan to export Idaho prisoners overseas
and then rent the state's penitentiary to the federal government. He also would
like to mandate the teaching of comparative religion in public schools, create
tax-exempt business zones throughout the state and establish an "Unborn
Citizens' Rights Think Tank" to allow Idaho to lead the nation in reducing
abortions.

Adamson also proposes what he calls the "Idaho Taco Initiative," a plan to
reward people who prove they voted in the primary election with free tacos. The
move would be aimed at generating greater voter turnout, but it would also "lure
the Idaho Latino vote," the Web site contends.

"What party in Idaho's history has ever had room or made room for Idaho
descendants of Mexican or other Latino geographic locations?" it reads.

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2006 Spokane Spokesman-Review


                              315 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                 May 25, 2001, Friday, 0 South Pinellas Edition

Jeffords' jump

SECTION: EDITORIAL; EDITORIALS; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 693 words



If President Bush had lived up to his campaign promise to be "a uniter, not a
divider," Vermont Sen. James Jeffords probably wouldn't have bolted the
Republican Party and shifted control of the Senate to the Democrats. In a 50-50
Senate, going out of your way to offend one of your own party's senators is an
especially dangerous act of hubris.

The president and other Republican leaders apparently forgot that they held only
the most tenuous of majorities in Washington. Because Jeffords, an old-fashioned
New England moderate, bucked the president on tax cuts and a few other issues,
they retaliated against him in ways large and petty. They opposed Jeffords on
two of his priorities: aid for dairy farmers and disabled students. And they
made Jeffords the target of several childish snubs. For example, Jeffords,
chairman of the Senate committee that oversees education policy, was not invited
to a White House ceremony honoring a Vermont schoolteacher as national teacher
of the year.

You can bet bipartisanship will be more than lip service for the Bush
administration now. With Democrats taking over committee chairmanships and the
legislative agenda in the Senate, the White House will have no choice but to
work more cooperatively on issues ranging from the budget to the appointment of
federal judges.

Jeffords' departure harms the Republican Party in ways that go beyond control of
the Senate. Over the past decade, the GOP congressional leadership has become
increasingly more conservative and confrontational than Republican voters
generally. Sun Belt hardliners such as Trent Lott and Tom DeLay have worked to
marginalize more traditional Republicans, mostly from New England and the
Midwest, who were not in lockstep with their rigid agenda. Jeffords' defection
will make Congress an even lonelier place for the few remaining GOP moderates in
the House and Senate.

Senate Democratic leaders now have the burden of showing that they can manage
more collegially than their GOP counterparts. Tom Daschle becomes the most
powerful voice in his party, and the soft-spoken South Dakotan is likely to wear
better with voters than Al Gore, Dick Gephardt and other prominent Democrats who
have tried to speak for their fractured party. The shifts in committee
chairmanships also should have a generally salutary effect. For example,
Jeffords' respected Vermont colleague, Patrick Leahy, stands to take over
Judiciary from priggish Orrin Hatch, and New Mexico's Jeff Bingaman is in line
to take over Energy and Natural Resources from Alaska's Frank Murkowski, the oil
industry's pet senator.

The balance of power in Washington will more accurately reflect the will of the
voters as expressed last November. No one needs reminding that Bush lost the
popular vote and captured the electoral vote only after the extended agony of
Florida's aborted recount. The November vote also gave the Republicans tiny
advantages in the House and Senate that left no room for miscalculation.

But miscalculate they did. Failing to shepherd every irreplaceable member of the
Senate's flock of 50 Republicans was a strategic blunder of historic
proportions.

The White House was able to ram an ill-considered $ 1.35-trillion tax cut
through Congress with only nominal Democratic support. Final approval will come
before Memorial Day, and Jeffords did his former Republican colleagues the favor
of delaying his switch until the measure is passed. However, future legislative
successes will depend on genuine bipartisan cooperation. Issues such as energy,
education and the environment should transcend partisan divisions, and Senate
Democrats can't afford to be seen as indiscriminately blocking the president's
agenda. If the president readjusts his priorities to reflect mainstream opinion,
he can continue to win the support of many congressional Democrats and millions
of ordinary voters. But if he and his allies continue to act as if they won an
imaginary mandate last November, the newly constituted Senate will provide a
necessary check. And James Jeffords won't be the last thoughtful moderate to
jump off a ship headed the wrong direction.


LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2001

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Vermont Sen. James Jeffords

TYPE: EDITORIAL

                    Copyright 2001 Times Publishing Company


                              316 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             July 4, 2013 Thursday

Washington: DeMint: Do Traditional Marriage Supporters Deserve to Be Treated
with Dignity?

LENGTH: 662  words

DATELINE: Washington


The Heritage Foundation has issued the following news release:

Some people can't seem to understand why anyone would support marriage as the
union of a man and a woman. Indeed, Justice Anthony Kennedy argued last week
that the only reason Congress had for passing the Defense of Marriage Act was to
"disparage," "injure," "degrade," "demean," and "humiliate" others. Justice
Kennedy says we're denying dignity to people in same-sex relationships.

But it is his ruling that denies dignity to those who don't think a same-sex
relationship is a marriage. His ruling denies dignity to the millions of
Americans and their elected officials who have voted to pass laws that tell the
truth about marriage.

The rhetoric from the Court attacking the goodwill of the majority of
Americans--who know marriage is the union of a man and a woman--is not helpful.
The marriage debate will continue, and all Americans need to be civil and
respectful.

Already, however, we have seen that those in favor of redefining marriage are
willing to use the coercive force of law to marginalize and penalize those who
hold the historic view of marriage--even if it means trampling First Amendment
religious liberty protections along the way. This is already evident in
Massachusetts, Illinois, and Washington, D.C., where Christian adoption agencies
have been forced to stop providing adoption and foster care services.

Legal challenges have been brought against wedding-related service providers who
believe that marriage should be between a man and a woman, after they declined
to participate in ceremonies that would have violated their consciences. A
photographer in New Mexico, a florist in Washington, and a baker in Colorado
have already been victims of such intolerant coercion.

Our interest in marriage policy from the beginning has been to ensure that a man
and woman commit to each other as husband and wife to be father and mother to
any children they create. This gives children the best chance at a flourishing
future. When children have that, liberals are less likely to succeed in their
efforts to grow the welfare state. It is impossible for the government to
redefine marriage to make fathers optional and for society to insist at the same
time that fathers are essential.

In its ruling last week, the Supreme Court refused to wrestle with any of the
serious scholarly arguments that support marriage policy as the union of a man
and a woman, and instead declared that Congress acted solely out of ill will.

It is outrageous to suggest that 342 Members of the House, 85 Senators, and
President Bill Clinton were all acting on the basis of anti-gay bias in 1996,
when the Defense of Marriage Act (DOMA) was enacted. As Chief Justice Roberts
says in his dissent, "I would not tar the political branches with bigotry."

Indeed, as Heritage has argued repeatedly, there are valid reasons to oppose the
redefinition of marriage--which those House Members, Senators, and President
Clinton took into account. Marriage matters for children, civil society, and
limited government, because children deserve a mother and a father, and when
this doesn't happen, social costs run high.

Citizens and their elected representatives have the constitutional authority to
make policy that recognizes marriage as the union of a man and a woman. States
will lead the way even as we work to restore clear marriage policy at the
federal level. And in the states, support for marriage as the union of a man and
a woman remains strong.

The Heritage Foundation will be joining with millions of Americans to ensure
that support for marriage continues to grow and that marriage proponents can
express their views in this debate. Go to TheMarriageFacts.com today to download
your free copy of our e-book on marriage. And continue to speak out boldly about
why marriage--that union of one man and one woman--is important for children,
civil society, and limited government.

For more information please visit: http://www.heritage.org

LOAD-DATE: July 5, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2013 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              317 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             June 4, 2008 Wednesday

Creative Growth Art Center celebrates $1 million expansion

BYLINE: By Robert Taylor Staff writer

SECTION: ARTS; Visual Arts; Entertainment; Art

LENGTH: 791 words


Creative Growth Art Center, the studio and gallery for artists with
disabilities, has been on the fringe of downtown Oakland -- 24th Street near
Webster -- for many years. But the area promoted as "uptown" is now surrounding
it with development, including a huge condominium complex on 23rd Street and a
Whole Foods market just a couple of blocks away.

The nonprofit organization's gallery has responded with a $1 million expansion,
a makeover that lets the artists' work breathe and shine (with new track
lighting, for instance) and break out of the warren of display space in the
former auto body shop.

The first exhibit in the expanded gallery -- one big room that overlooks studio
space -- is aptly titled "New Walls." It runs through June 19 in the space
designed by architect Ann Fougeron and completed by Higuera Price Construction.
A year-long fundraising drive made it possible.

The new space that Creative Growth director Tom di Maria calls "a world-class
facility" is one more step in the campaign to move disabled artists into the
mainstream rather than marginalize them as "outsider" artists. Opening up a view
into the center's expansive studio space has a direct effect: Gallery visitors,
at least during the day, can see artists working on pieces that might be part of
the next exhibit.

Creative Growth's expansion is carrying it leagues beyond 24th and Webster. Next
week it will open a gallery in Paris. Galerie Impaire will show work by the
group's own artists and an international field of artists with disabilities.
Creative Growth's artists -- Donald Mitchell and the late Judith Scott among
them -- have already shown regularly at galleries in Chicago and New York.

The "New Walls" exhibit is a good, broad representation of the center's artists
in all their variety of styles -- some bold, some intricate, many of them
mysterious. With additional unframed art available in the shop that is part of
the gallery, it's also an enticing destination for collectors on a budget.
(Check out the box of original, mostly abstract paintings the size of note cards
for $5.)

In the far corner of the gallery, there's a display of works created with the
technique of hooked rugs, though there's nothing old-fashioned about them.
Gerone Spruill creates a bold portrait of a smiling Dalmatian that seems to be
wearing a black pillbox hat. William Tyler's hooked artwork is grandly titled
"The Imposter Chicken Went Swimming in the Birdbath" and depicts an oversize,
almost blindingly yellow chicken with a red cockscomb, against a blue sky
plastered with clouds.

Wood sculptures and constructions are also striking. Terri Bowden cut out and
painted three big rabbits that have the vintage look of an Easter window display
in the 1940s. They're very pink and very startled. John Martin's small sculpture
is a fold-out knife disguised as a crocodile, or vice versa. Louis Estape's
figures include richly colored and detailed faces, torsos, legs and fish.

The paintings and drawings are imaginative, some of them so filled with detail
that a gallery visitor could spend hours following dizzying patterns. Merritt
Wallace creates colorful city plans crammed with one-way streets, stores, signs,
and fanciful people and animals. Somewhere -- though I'm not sure I could find
it again -- is a lobster with a human face.

Donald Mitchell's drawings are hypnotic images in his signature style, with
black-and-white crosshatching that resembles an engraving and mysterious faces
sketched in the foreground with just a suggestion of eyes, nose and mouth.

Ramon Avalos' drawings, like many works at Creative Growth, are simple and
intricate at the same time, sweeping curved parallel lines in a variety of oil
pastels, looking like storm patterns in the sky.

If you can't get to Creative Growth's current show in Oakland, there's always
Paris.

The Galerie Impaire will feature about 50 works by Oakland-based artists when it
opens June 11 at 47 rue de Lancry in the city's 10th arrondissement, near Place
de la Republic. Di Maria says the neighborhood is increasingly popular with
artists and the emerging Paris arts community.

The gallery's name, Galerie Impaire, translates literally as "the odd gallery,"
di Maria says. "'Impaire,' like the English word 'odd,' reflects a sense of the
creative intersection of artists with disabilities, self-taught artists and
academically trained artists. The gallery marks an important step in the
evolution of how artists with disabilities are being seen as part of the
contemporary art world."

Reach Robert Taylor at 925-977-8428 or rtaylor@bayareanewsgroup.com .null

CREATIVE GROWTH: "New Walls," through June 19, 355 24th St., Oakland,
11 a.m.-5:30 p.m. Mondays-Fridays, free, 510-836-2340, www.creativegrowth.square

 space.com

LOAD-DATE: June 7, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Arts patron Saunie Fridley, left, and Artist Bill Weber strike a pose
next to a few pieces of art in the new art gallery they have opened at 613 First
Street in Brentwood, Calif., on Thursday, May 29, 2008. A few of the artist's
work on display in the gallery now are Stanley Mouse, Joe Cleary, and Bill
Weber. Local artist's work is also on display in the hallway just outside the
main gallery. (Eddie Ledesma/Staff)
Artist Bill Weber hangs some artwork by Bay Area artist Stanley Mouse in the new
art gallery opened by Weber and arts patron Saunie Fridley at 613 First Street
in Brentwood, Calif., on Thursday, May 29, 2008. A few artist's work on display
in the gallery now are Stanley Mouse, Joe Cleary, and Bill Weber. Local artist's
work is also on display in the hallway just outside the main gallery. (Eddie
Ledesma/Staff)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              318 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                          October 07, 1998, Wednesday

'LET'S MOVE ON,' TV ADS URGE

BYLINE: By KEVIN McCOY

SECTION: News; Pg.  7

LENGTH: 240 words


WASHINGTON Casting House Speaker Newt Gingrich and independent counsel Kenneth
Starr as menacing figures, a liberal group yesterday launched what it billed as
a $ 1 million get-out-the-vote TV ad campaign.

The ad by People for the American Way urges voters in November to send a "let's
move on" message to Washington officials who it says are heeding "the religious
right" by pursuing presidential impeachment.

"It's time to get back to what really counts. First-rate schools, Medicare and
Social Security," organization head Carole Shields says in the 30-second spot
after photos of Gingrich, Starr and conservative minister Pat Robertson appear
onscreen.

Christian Coalition spokesman Arne Owens accused the group of trying to "
marginalize people of faith who happen to be conservative."

The ad debuted last night on CNN, to be followed by spots on 28 local stations
in Washington, California, Florida, the Midwest, New Mexico and Nevada.

Nearly $ 1 million in recent contributions will keep the ads airing for one
week. Organization officials said they hope to add New York City and other
markets to the effort by week's end as additional donors contribute. They
refused to identify the donors.

Given what marketing experts described as the relatively modest TV buy for a
national campaign, the group seemed to calculate that media stories about the
campaign would generate at least as much interest as the ad.

LOAD-DATE: October 07, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 1998 Daily News, L.P.


                              319 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                            August 6, 2016 Saturday

Facebook moves to reduce 'clickbait';
Tweaking of algorithm will identify misleading headlines in news feed

BYLINE: MIKE ISAAC and SYDNEY EMBER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 724 words

ABSTRACT

A change in the social network's algorithm is meant to identify misleading
headlines on news stories and rank them lower, to keep users coming back.

FULL TEXT

Facebook says it plans to marginalize what it considers to be ''clickbait'' news
stories from publishers in its news feed, in another step to keep its 1.71
billion members regularly coming back to its social network.

In a change to its news feed algorithm on Thursday, Facebook said certain types
of headlines would be classified as clickbait, those that ''withhold or distort
information.'' Those stories will then appear less frequently in users' feeds,
the company said.

''We want publishers to post content that people care about, and we think people
care about headlines that are much more straightforward,'' Adam Mosseri,
Facebook's vice president for product management for the news feed, said in an
interview.

Facebook has been working to maintain the integrity of the news feed to keep
users happy and spending as much time on Facebook as possible. The Silicon
Valley company constantly tweaks its algorithms, and in June it made a sweeping
set of changes that would rank publisher content in general less favorably in
the news feed.

Thursday's algorithm change is not the first time Facebook has cracked down on
clickbait. In 2014, the company said it was moving to feature spamlike articles
less prominently by looking at other factors, such as if a user has ''liked''
and then quickly ''unliked'' a story that appeared in the feed. Other factors,
such as how much time people spent reading an article after clicking on it, also
contributed to Facebook's clickbait calculations.

Thursday's announcement goes a step further. Facebook spent months classifying
phrases commonly used in clickbait headlines. Mr. Mosseri offered examples like
''The Dog Barked at the Deliveryman and His Reaction Was Priceless,'' or ''When
She Looked Under Her Couch Cushions and Saw THIS * I Was SHOCKED!''

The company's algorithms then took note of the websites from which the articles
were coming, and could detect patterns of traffic coming from those sites over
time. That process was then automated, and content identified as clickbait will
now appear lower in the news feed than before. Mr. Mosseri likened the practice
to a kind of email spam filtering process.

The move will most likely heighten the anxiety of publishers that rely heavily
on Facebook for traffic and often complain about having little insight into the
company's decision-making on how its all-powerful algorithm functions.

The social network's vast user base and sophisticated targeting capabilities
allow publishers to reach new audiences far beyond the direct traffic a media
company receives at its own site. As a result, Facebook has been able to largely
dictate the terms on which it engages with publishers.

Julie Hansen, the president and chief operating officer of the online
publication Business Insider, said it would take Facebook's latest algorithm
change under consideration.

''We don't do what we consider to be clickbaity headlines,'' she said, ''but
we'll certainly consider Facebook's guidance when we look to post our content
onto Facebook and adapt the headlines if needed.''

Facebook said that publishers that have clickbaitlike headlines and are ranked
lower because of the algorithm change will have the opportunity to change their
ways and rise again in the rankings.

Some publishers are now betting on a future beyond total reliance on Facebook,
as companies like Snapchat and Google offer media companies other avenues to
distribute their work.

''Today we're at peak Facebook - Facebook dominates everything,'' said Zachary
Kaplan, a vice president at the investment firm General Atlantic, which has
invested in digital media companies like BuzzFeed and Vox Media.

''We will naturally evolve to a place where there will be more competition among
digital distributors,'' he said, ''and that would result in, naturally, more
leverage for publishers.''

For now, Facebook said it planned to improve relationships with publishers by
becoming more transparent about its news feed practices. Mr. Mosseri regularly
meets with publishers to discuss algorithm changes.

''It's becoming clear to us how there's a lot of anxiety over what we do,'' Mr.
Mosseri said. ''I spend a lot of time trying to ease that anxiety.''

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              320 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                             August 5, 2016 Friday

Facebook moves to lower 'clickbait' in users' feeds

BYLINE: MIKE ISAAC and SYDNEY EMBER

SECTION: FINANCE; Pg. 15

LENGTH: 580 words

ABSTRACT

A change in the social network's algorithm is meant to identify misleading
headlines on news stories and rank them lower, to keep users coming back.

FULL TEXT

Facebook says it plans to marginalize what it considers to be ''clickbait'' news
stories from publishers in its news feed, in another step to keep its 1.71
billion members regularly coming back to its social network.

In a change to its news feed algorithm on Thursday, Facebook said certain types
of headlines would be classified as clickbait, those that ''withhold or distort
information.'' Those stories will then appear less frequently in users' feeds,
the company said.

''We want publishers to post content that people care about, and we think people
care about headlines that are much more straightforward,'' Adam Mosseri,
Facebook's vice president for product management for the news feed, said in an
interview.

Facebook has been working to maintain the integrity of the news feed to keep
users happy and spending as much time on Facebook as possible. The Silicon
Valley company constantly tweaks its algorithms, and in June it made a sweeping
set of changes that would rank publisher content in general less favorably in
the news feed.

Thursday's algorithm change is not the first time Facebook has cracked down on
clickbait. In 2014, the company said it was moving to feature spamlike articles
less prominently by looking at other factors, such as if a user has ''liked''
and then quickly ''unliked'' a story that appeared in the feed. Other factors,
such as how much time people spent reading an article after clicking on it, also
contributed to Facebook's clickbait calculations.

Thursday's announcement goes a step further. Facebook spent months classifying
phrases commonly used in clickbait headlines. Mr. Mosseri offered examples like
''The Dog Barked at the Deliveryman and His Reaction Was Priceless,'' or ''When
She Looked Under Her Couch Cushions and Saw THIS * I Was SHOCKED!''

The company's algorithms then took note of the websites from which the articles
were coming, and could detect patterns of traffic coming from those sites over
time. That process was then automated, and content identified as clickbait will
now appear lower in the news feed than before.

The move will most likely heighten the anxiety of publishers that rely heavily
on Facebook for traffic and often complain about having little insight into the
company's decision-making on how its all-powerful algorithm functions.

The social network's vast user base and sophisticated targeting capabilities
allow publishers to reach new audiences far beyond the direct traffic a media
company receives at its own site. As a result, Facebook has been able to largely
dictate the terms on which it engages with publishers, which have few other
options for distributing their articles.

Facebook said publishers that have clickbaitlike headlines and are ranked lower
because of the algorithm change will have the opportunity to change their ways
and rise again in the rankings.

Some publishers are now betting on a future beyond total reliance on Facebook.
''Today we're at peak Facebook - Facebook dominates everything,'' said Zachary
Kaplan, a vice president at the investment firm General Atlantic, which has
invested in digital media companies like BuzzFeed and Vox Media. ''We will
naturally evolve to a place where there will be more competition among digital
distributors, and that would result in, naturally, more leverage for
publishers.''

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2016 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              321 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                              July 22, 2016 Friday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

NBA's stand should incite more change

BYLINE: BY EBENEZER SAMUEL

SECTION: SPORTS; Pg. 44

LENGTH: 744 words


Carmelo Anthony and LeBron James and so many other athletes have talked of
taking action, of forcing much-needed social change.

And on Thursday, there finally was action. But it didn't come from an athlete.

It came from a league.

With little indication that North Carolina state legislators were going to
reconsider their bigoted House Bill 2, aka "The Bathroom Bill," that would ban
transgender people from using the bathroom of their gender identification - a
bill seemingly designed to marginalize the LGBT community - the NBA announced
that it is pulling its 2017 All-Star Game out of Charlotte.

No replacement location has been named, although the league is strongly
considering taking their All-Star spectacle to New Orleans, according to The
Vertical. And while Mayor Bill de Blasio is throwing New York's name into the
ring, New Orleans just might be a better choice.

In one move, NBA commissioner Adam Silver is taking a stand against LGBT
discrimination and potentially setting a stage for an even larger stand against
violence. He's also following through on a threat he first issued in March, when
he voiced concerns over the bill and hinted that those concerns could prompt the
league to move its midseason showcase elsewhere. North Carolina apparently
didn't take him seriously, so a move was made.

"Since March, when North Carolina enacted HB2 and the issue of legal protections
for the LGBT community in Charlotte became prominent, the NBA and the Charlotte
Hornets have been working diligently to foster constructive dialogue and try to
effect positive change," the league said in a statement. "While we recognize
that the NBA cannot choose the law in every city, state and country in which we
do business, we do not believe we can successfully host our All-Star festivities
in Charlotte in the climate created by HB2."

It's the kind of hardline stance that's rarely seen from a pro sports league ,
where money typically reigns above all. But the NBA is using its sizable wallet
to make a point.

Pro athletes looking to make their own statements should take note of the
action: As much as Anthony's eloquence at the ESPYs may spur action, the
movement of his finances can do even more. Money remains the only language that
lawmakers universally understand, and if players are serious about their desires
to push social change, that must be realized. The speeches are brilliant, but if
Anthony and Co. really want to make their points, they should keep Silver's
actions in mind when they head out on their free-agent tours.

North Carolina certainly didn't keep Silver in mind and perhaps didn't buy the
NBA's threat, because we've rarely seen an activist move like this from a league
before. Just two months ago, the NFL declined to move its owners meetings from
Charlotte, in part because, as Giants owner John Mara said at the time, it
wanted to push a message of "inclusion" to North Carolina.

Sadly, that didn't work, and the state kept the discriminatory bill on track. No
matter what you think of the LGBT community, no matter what your faith or
religion or life experience dictate, House Bill 2 seemed a train wreck from the
start, discriminating against an entire group in barely enforceable fashion. Who
keeps a birth certificate in their back pocket for public bathroom evaluation in
the first place?

The NBA makes a strong statement on this by moving, by leaving a city and a
franchise that could desperately have used the All-Star weekend influx of cash,
sending a message to the rest of the nation: If lawmakers don't handle things
properly, the NBA can go elsewhere.

And the league's next statement could be just as potent. An All-Star Weekend in
New Orleans, so close to the site of so much violence in recent weeks, could do
more than simply pump NBA dollars into the city.

If the NBA lands at the Smoothie King Center next February, it opens the door
for the league to actively assist in the healing process of a community, with
NBA stars such as Anthony and James attending community events that bring police
officers and citizens together. All-Star Weekend offers a platform for players
to deliver positivity to all of New Orleans; perhaps Anthony runs a town hall
meeting (something he's spoken of doing in California) or perhaps James and
local star Anthony Davis meet with New Orleans government.

The possibilities are endless, but it all starts with the NBA's willingness to
amplify its voice with the loudest microphone available: it's wallet.

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: NLVL

DOCUMENT-TYPE: COLUMN

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2016 Daily News, L.P.


                              322 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

               August 13, 2005 Saturday 1 North Pinellas Edition

So a mascot's just a symbol?;
 Step outside and say that again

BYLINE: TOM ZUCCO

SECTION: METRO & STATE; Pg. 1B

LENGTH: 1206 words


The connections don't seem to make sense. How could a perfectly rational person
drive a car with a license plate that reads Go Anteaters! (University of
California-Irvine) or Spiders Fan (University of Richmond)?

And those are the casual fans. The wig-wearing body-painters fall into a
separate category.

But making sense isn't the goal.

Many people have a powerful - almost religious - attachment to a college mascot
or symbol. And like NASCAR fans who have never driven a race car, there's no
requirement that anyone set foot on a campus.

For Florida State fans, those attachments came under fire last week when the
NCAA ruled that the school's Seminole Indian symbol was "hostile and abusive."

Opinions vary on whether FSU's symbol honors Indian culture or marginalizes it.

But the furor sparked by the National Collegiate Athletic Association ruling
underscores the passion any symbol can evoke.

Part of the reason grown men and women do things like wear plastic hog hats at
University of Arkansas football games, experts say, involves recalling a kinder,
gentler time, when mortgages and minivans belonged to somebody much older.

It also involves the need to align with a group whose honor is often challenged
by rivals, even though the battleground is only in the conference standings.

"College symbols are something personally meaningful," said Richard King, an
associate professor at the University of Illinois and author of Team Spirits:
The Native American Mascot Controversy. "In many cases, it marked a person's
coming of age. It's psychologically and socially important."

But it's not so much the symbol by itself that's important. The vast majority of
college mascots are everyday animals:tigers, bears, hawks and eagles.

What matters is what that symbol represents.

"History and tradition," said University of Florida athletic director Jeremy
Foley. "People grow up that way. Their fathers and mothers and grandparents
rooted for the team, so they do, too.

"There's an emotional tie to that symbol that represents strong feelings for a
town, a campus, a team, a coach, the colors . . . all those things."

In the case of Florida State, fan attachment to the Seminoles, specifically the
Seminole Indian tribe, can cut to the core of such subtle and sensitive issues
as patriotism and loyalty.

"Mascots are very representative of deep-seated American values," King said.
"Native Americans have a traditional American identity, and when someone
questions that symbol, they're saying something deeper about what kind of values
we hold true. About what being an American is."

Politicians are often quick to pick up on that notion and use it to their
advantage.

"I think the powers that be have a vested interest in how the unversity is
identified," he said. "It's politically savvy for them.

"They can say, "I stood up for the state, for American values when they were
under assault.' "

That is of particular importance, King said, as America fights a war against
terrorism.

Or it may not be that complicated.

"It (a Seminole warrior) symbolizes the school," said St. Petersburg Mayor Rick
Baker, who got his undergraduate, graduate and law degree from FSU. "The main
administration building at FSU is also a symbol of the school, and if that was
torn down, it would also be seen as an attack on the school."

That's not to say mascots and symbols can't occasionally be used to make a
statement.

Cal State-Long Beach's nickname is the 49ers. But the university's baseball
team, which counts Yankee slugger Jason Giambi as one of its alumni, has its
own, unique, name: the Dirt Bags.

In 2002, an intramural basketball team at the University of Northern Colorado,
half of them American Indians and Hispanics, called themselves the Fighting
Whities. It was a jab at an area high school whose team nickname was the
Fighting Reds.

The effort led to thousands of people purchasing Fighting Whities merchandise,
with proceeds benefiting a scholarship fund for American Indians.

If a school could be a poster child for symbol uncertainty, it would be
Marquette University.

From 1917-54, Marquette was known as the Hilltoppers because of the school's
location in Milwaukee, Wis. The name changed to the Warriors, with a character
named Willie Wampum as the mascot.

The mascot was retired in 1971, but the nickname Warriors stayed on until 1994,
when it was changed to Golden Eagles so as not to offend Native Americans.

But in May last year, two members of the board of trustees said they were
prepared to donate $1-million each to the university if the board would consider
reinstating the Warriors nickname. Four months later, the board passed a
resolution permanently banning the use of American Indian references in its
nickname. Soon after, the name Eagles was dropped as well.

The school's nickname is now simply "the Gold".

Most FSU fans feel their situation is vastly different.

"In 1947, when FSU was looking around for a symbol," said Jim King, former
president of the Florida Senate and a 1960 FSU graduate, "they happened upon the
fact the Seminole Indian tribes of Florida had never been defeated. They didn't
sign a peace treaty with the U.S. until the 1960s, and they did so voluntarily.

"We wanted to be like them: high of spirit, hard to defeat, never quitting."

The NCAA's attempt to limit exposure of Seminole images has, King said, only
served to galvanize efforts to keep the symbol.

"What we're facing now is the dilemma of how the NCAA can back away from the
issue without looking as if it's culpable," he said. "The secret will be finding
a place where everyone feels like they've won."

"A TEACHABLE MOMENT'

Florida State officials Friday appealed the NCAA's order restricting use of
Seminole symbols. The NCAA has not responded, but NCAA president Myles Brand
posted a statement on the organization's Web site.

EXCERPTS FROM BRAND'S STATEMENT:"Finally, this is a teachable moment. A major
part of this effort is aimed at initiating discussion on a national basis about
how Native American Indians have been characterized and, in some cases,
caricatured. In that, the decision has already been successful.

"To be fair, some American Indian tribes have expressed their approval of the
manner in which their names and imagery are used by specific institutions.
Florida State University is a well-documented case in point, and that will
likely be the basis for any appeal. The Executive Committee must take such
claims seriously.

"At the same time, many individuals and tribes view such uses as disrespectful
toward their customs and culture. They see a level of contempt in the same way
African-Americans saw black-face minstrel shows decades ago as contempt for
their race. We would not think of allowing nicknames or mascots that disrespect
African Americans. Surely, American Indians should be accorded the same
treatment.

"This is America, where individuals and groups have the right to express how
they feel about the way they are presented to the public. Organizations such as
the NCAA have the responsibility to pay attention to and respect such
expressions. This is not about an effort to be politically correct. It is about
doing the right thing."

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: METRO & STATE; CITY & STATE; TAMPA & STATE

SERIES: FLORIDA STATE MASCOT CONTROVERSY

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Jim King (ran Metro & State, City & State)

TYPE: Newspaper

                    Copyright 2005 Times Publishing Company


                              323 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              The Bismarck Tribune

                             August 27, 2012 Monday

Paul says his backers will 'become the GOP tent'

SECTION: WIRE; Pg. A2

LENGTH: 714 words


Paul says his backers will 'become the GOP tent'

AP Photo FLCD109, FLCD104, FLCD103, FLCD102, FLCD101

By BRIAN BAKST

Associated Press

TAMPA, Fla. (AP) - Rep. Ron Paul, the plucky GOP presidential candidate yet to
get fully behind Mitt Romney, lashed out Sunday at Republican efforts to
marginalize his supporters at the upcoming party convention, telling a counter
rally to stand firm because "we will become the tent eventually."

Appearing not far from where Romney will collect the Republican nomination, Paul
used the rally to lecture a party he thinks is too willing to intervene abroad,
too timid when it comes to combating a monetary policy he sees as misguided, and
too lax about preserving civil liberties. His remarks were the perfect pitch to
a friendly crowd of thousands, who stood the whole time he spoke.

"It made the paper in Washington that the revolution wasn't happening," the
Texas Republican said. "Don't they only wish."

Paul ended active campaigning in June, but so far the libertarian-leaning
politician hasn't endorsed Romney's candidacy. He told The New York Times for a
story Sunday that he was denied a chance to speak because he refused to let the
Romney campaign vet his remarks and give an unconditional endorsement.

In contrast to the stately scenery inside the Republican convention arena, the
Paul rally had all the trappings of a rock concert: fog lamps, sweeping beams of
colorful lights, music thumping with bass, free-flowing tap beer. Blues Traveler
frontman John Popper performed ahead of Paul's remarks.

The University of South Florida college basketball arena was hardly full, but
boisterous Paul fans erupted most times he was mentioned and wore shirts with
his name and image; one shirt read "My President is Paul" and another said "Let
Ron Paul Speak."

Paul joked that he was given a speaking slot on Monday night - when Tropical
Storm Isaac was causing the GOP to postpone activities. "Just kidding," he
assured.

He didn't win a single state but still amassed more than 175 delegates to the
convention, several of whom got a standing ovation when they were introduced as
a group at the Paul rally. On stage and among the audience, Paul backers chafed
at the idea that their presence in Florida was an unwanted distraction at a
convention focused on saluting Romney.

Paul's coalition is made up of anti-war Republicans, people who want stricter
government adherence to the Constitution and those who want to dismantle the
Federal Reserve, which sets American monetary policy.

His devoted following has caused strains in the convention lead-up. Late last
week, Republican convention rule-makers advanced measures designed to blunt the
Paul presence, including votes to dull the strength of his contingent in the
Maine delegation and another to make it tougher for similar candidates to follow
his path in the future.

Ashley Ryan, the young new Republican committeewoman from Maine, said procedural
moves viewed as minimizing Paul's supporters would backfire on the GOP.

"Our party will go from being a big tent with many ideas to a small group at the
mercy of a few insiders," Ryan said.

Paul carried on with the theme. ""Believe me, we will get in the tent because we
will become the tent eventually," he said, adding, "With the energy that we
have. It seems to me they would be begging and pleading for us to come into the
party."

Tropical Storm Isaac disrupted the GOP schedule, yet planners retained a video
tribute to Paul and a speaking role for his son, Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky,
moving both to Wednesday night between 7 and 8 p.m.

Doug Wead, an author and former adviser to both Bush presidents, drew loud
applause when he described the congressman as "a clean boat in a sea of
garbage." Throughout the day, Paul was held up as a beacon of ideological
purity.

Paul, 77, is leaving Congress after his 12th term expires at year's end. But
some hope he'll make a fourth run at the White House. He has run the past two
election cycles as a Republican and ran once before as a candidate for the
Libertarian Party.

Said Austrian School economist Walter Block: "It's true Ron will be 80 in 2016,
but he's a young 80."

At one point during the five-hour rally, the audience broke into chants of "Paul
'16" - but they were referring to Rand Paul, not his father.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


       Copyright 2012 The Bismarck Tribune, a division of Lee Enterprises
                              All Rights Reserved


                              324 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    Prince George Citizen (British Columbia)

                          February 20, 2013 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

News of the weird

BYLINE: Chuck Shepherd, Special to The Citizen

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 599 words


- Things That Almost Never Happen: In October, a 34-year-old man being detained
by Port St. Lucie, Fla., police on an indecent-exposure complaint convinced the
officer to free him based on showing the officer his testicles.

(A woman had complained that the man was masturbating in public, but the man
apparently demonstrated an impressively severe rash that he said he could not
avoid scratching.)

- Niles Gammons of Urbana, Ohio, apparently did some partying on Nov. 3, because
he managed a rare DUI daily double. He was first cited for DUI at 1:08 a.m.
Sunday and then, 60 minutes later, he was again cited for DUI at 1:08 a.m. (The
first was during daylight saving time; the second was after the changeover.)

- Human rights activists have for years deplored the preferences for male
offspring in India and other nations - ranging from cultures that marginalize
female babies to some that practice discreet infanticide of girls.

Increasingly, though, because of advances in science, Westerners can buy
expensive in vitro fertilization procedures that use a laser to breach a
fertilized embryo to determine whether it contains XY chromosome pairs (i. e.,
males) or larger XX ones so that only the desired-gender embryos are chosen.

Noted Slate.comin September, such

procedures are illegal in Canada, Australia and the United Kingdom (except for
bona fide medical reasons), but legal in the United States.

- Justin Jedlica, 32, of New York City, bills himself as the "human Ken doll"
after a 10-year odyssey of cosmetic surgery (90 procedures) to achieve the
perfect body.

"I love to metamorphosize myself, and the stranger the surgery, the better," he
told ABC News in October, even though the amount of silicone in his body, say
doctors (when told of Jedlica's various implants), has reached a dangerous
level.

He dismisses actually earning the body, through gym workouts, as just "not
exciting, not glamorous."

Of course, the perfect body is never perfect, Jedlica acknowledged, as
illustrated by his recollection of his first surgery -to get a perfect nose
-which is still not done after three follow-ups.

"Just got to get that nose up a few more millimeters," he said.

- Emerging democracies have experienced brawls and fisticuffs in their
legislatures as they learn self-government, with Ukraine perhaps the most
volatile.

When some legislators rose to change party affiliations in December, a fracas
broke out and, according to Yahoo News, "Images... showed a scene that resembled
a WWE pay-per-view event, with parliament members using full nelsons, choke
holds and other moves familiar to American wrestling fans."

In fact, a man with the same name as a WWE heavyweight (Rybak) had just been
elected speaker, and the country's well-known boxing champion Vitali Klitschko
was in attendance (as a member of a minority party called Punch).

One 2010 brawl in the Ukrainian legislature sent six deputies to the hospital
with concussions.

- This, the 1,300th edition of News of the Weird, marks birthday No. 25.

So, what was happening in 1988 in that first batch of stories published by that
first adventurous editor?

Well, there was the Alton, Ill., woman who died with a will specifying that her
husband, who was an enthusiastic transvestite, was to receive not a penny of her
$82,000 cash estate -but all of her dresses and accessories.

And there was Hal Warden, the Tennessee 16-year-old who was granted a divorce
from his wife, 13. Hal had previously been married at age 12 to a 14-year-old,
who divorced Hal because, she told the judge, "He was acting like a
10-year-old."

Happy Birthday to News of the Weird.

LOAD-DATE: February 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 Prince George Citizen
                              All Rights Reserved


                              325 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                May 12, 2003 Monday Five Star Late Lift Edition

RIGHT-TO-CARRY

BYLINE: John Ross

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Commentary Column; Pg. B7

LENGTH: 540 words


CONCEALED WEAPONS

* Promising to sign concealed weapon legislation carried Bush into the Texas
governor's chair. Holden's refusal to sign it could mean one-term-and-out for
him.

On May 5 the Missouri Legislature overwhelmingly passed right-to-carry
legislation, which will allow honest adults age 23 and older to obtain a permit
to carry a concealed firearm. Right-to-carry means that if you fulfill the
requirements (training, fingerprints, no criminal record, pay the fee, etc.) you
will be issued the permit. You cannot be denied just because the sheriff doesn't
like you for supporting his opponent -- or thinks only police should be able to
protect themselves, as occurs in states with discriminatory concealed carry,
like New York and New Jersey. Gov. Holden has threatened to veto this bill.

A Holden veto would not only be bad for Missourians and bad for the governor
politically; it also would be bad for the Democratic Party. I was the 1998
Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in Missouri's 2nd district. My
grandfather Charles Ross was President Truman's press secretary. I know what I'm
talking about: Many people see the right to protect themselves and their
families as their single most important civil right. When Democrats oppose this
civil right, they are working to marginalize the Democratic Party.

Union leaders have learned this all too well. Many union members who were once
staunch Democrats will now no longer vote for any Democrat who is against the
right of self-defense, regardless of their union's endorsement. When any
Democrat is against this right, it becomes easy to view all Democrats as
opposing this right, tainting even those with a stellar pro-rights record like
State Senator Harold Caskey. Opposing the right of self-defense is as harmful to
the Democratic Party's long-term future as re-adopting the Party's 1860
pro-slavery platform would be.

Missouri is currently one of only five states where there is no way for a
private citizen to legally carry a concealed firearm for protection. Some
Missourians don't realize that people in almost every other state have this
fundamental right.

Missouri's right-to-carry movement started in earnest in 1992. Since then, 19
other states have passed right-to-carry legislation. The September 11 terrorist
attacks were a wake-up call to those who thought safety was somebody else's
responsibility, and three states passed RTC in this year alone. Not a single
state has repealed it or made it more restrictive.

Ten years ago, the Texas Legislature overwhelmingly passed legislation very
similar to what Missouri's passed on May 5. Texas' then-governor, Ann Richards,
vetoed the measure, enraging millions of people in her state. In the next
election, her opponent ran on the campaign promise that if the Texas Legislature
gave him a RTC bill, he'd sign it. Right-to-carry was the very first piece of
legislation signed by George W. Bush in his first elective office. If Ann
Richards had signed the bill, George W. Bush would not be President today.

If Bob Holden vetoes right-to-carry in Missouri, our next governor will be
someone who makes the same promise here that George W. Bush did in Texas.
Republicans are counting on Holden's veto.

LOAD-DATE: May 12, 2003

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: COMMENTARY: A FORUM FOR OTHER VOICES, IDEAS AND OPINIONS; John Ross is a
local investment broker. He was the Democratic candidate for U.S. Congress in
1998 in Missouri's 2nd District.

GRAPHIC: PHOTO; Photo - (of a gun)

TYPE: COMMENTARY

                  Copyright 2003 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              326 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 August 30, 1998, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

A Former Yalie Chases The Rock-and-Roll Dream

BYLINE: By NEIL STRAUSS

SECTION: Section 2; Page 21; Column 1; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 1191 words

DATELINE: LOS ANGELES


"I ALWAYS saw myself as the kid who stepped up out of the front row and onto the
stage and had the guitar for a while and carried that particular flame," Bruce
Springsteen once told me. "I wasn't interested in immediate success or how much
each particular record was selling. I was interested in becoming part of
peoples' lives and part of fans' lives and hopefully growing up with them."

In a nutshell, that is the great rock-and-roll dream. It is a fantasy both
political and parental, a musician's desire to be elected by the people as an
intimate voice and nurturing authority figure. It is not just about being
successful. It is about being a true believer in rock-and-roll and its power to
speak louder than words, to be a disembodied best friend who understands what
you are feeling and lets you know that it's O.K. to feel that way. In the same
way that the best parent is one who still remembers what it was like to be a
child, the best rock-and-roll musician is often one who still remembers what it
was like to be a fan, to lie in bed, headphones on, an album lyric sheet in
hand.

Mary Cutrufello, a 27-year-old singer and guitarist who released her major-label
debut on Tuesday, "When the Night is Through" (Mercury), is just such a member
of the faithful. She is a fan-turned-musician chasing the great rock-and-roll
dream, which has grown ever more elusive in a time when pop radio has become a
nightmare.

Born to interracial parents who were musicians, adopted by two female
schoolteachers in New York, she is a populist fighting against a background that
constantly threatens to marginalize her. The burden of her past is something she
discovered after graduating from Yale University, where she was a student of
20th-century transportation, and chasing her muse down South -- learning about
country and roots music in Nashville, Austin and Houston, where she lives now.

"I realized I would never just be a Nashville or a Texas artist, I'd always be
the one from Yale or the one from the north or the black one or what have you,"
she said.

Two years ago, Ms. Cutrufello was touring as a back-up musician for Jimmie Dale
Gilmore, one of Texas folk's most gentle, wounded and gifted spirits. Nearly
everyone at the shows left talking about the amazing guitarist who looked like
Tracy Chapman. With her powerful, assertive stage presence, Ms. Cutrufello
constantly upstaged the self-effacing Mr. Gilmore.

In concert on her own, Ms. Cutrufello knows how to give the appearance of
pouring every ounce of her being into each note, with every picked string
eliciting a grimace and every lyric sung with an intensity intended to drive it
into the heart of the listener. Watching her perform, an audience may feel that
it's in the presence of the next Bruce Springsteen or Melissa Etheridge -- or
that it's playing into the hands of a self-invented rock hero with a manual on
how-to-become-a-legend in her back jeans pocket. She is an acolyte of rock
authenticity in search of a crossroads. In the years to come, she will either
find that crossroads or discover that it has long been paved over.

While Ms. Cutrufello has mastered the intensity of live performance, she hasn't
figured out the same trick in the recording studio. Full of revved-up barroom
rock, teeming with bluesy guitar lines, honky-tonk attitude and elements of
rhythm-and-blues, folk and 60's rock, "When the Night Is Through" sounds as if
it was meant to be a classic, though it falls short of the mark. It is only
promising. As on stage, she tends to overdo it, trying to load her voice with
more experience and age than she has.

But the technique works better in front of an audience than in the studio. At
times, like when she growls, "Ain't it good to be alive on a sunny day," Ms.
Cutrufello manages to turn simple statements into powerful rock that connects
with the listener. At other times, the album dissolves into well-intentioned
cliche. But Ms. Cutrufello is only at the beginning of her journey for
self-definition.

Sitting in the cheap seats at a recent Dodgers game, Ms. Cutrufello discussed
her development and ambitions. Where most musicians strive to be different and
unique, Ms. Cutrufello tries to blend into the crowd.  "That's what's important
to me, the things people have in common," she said. "I'm into speaking for
people who don't have a voice of their own, because I didn't for a while."

And, for this chaser of the rock-and-roll dream, who are those people who don't
have a voice? "Everyday average people," Ms. Cutrufello replied. "People you
meet at sports bars, not necessarily people who follow music. I'm talking about
the bars where there's a jukebox that plays a song every 10 minutes because
that's its job, and a song comes on and someone says, 'Who is that?' And someone
else goes, 'I don't know, but I love that song.' "

Just as Mr. Springsteen originally wanted to be a baseball player, Ms.
Cutrufello -- who recently fulfilled another dream, that of singing the National
Anthem at the Houston Astrodrome -- also had a young love for the game. In fact,
we have the baseball industry to thank for her music. A tomboy, she lived for
the sport until the 1981 baseball strike. "I moped around the house for a year,"
she said. "That's when I picked up the guitar. I stopped following baseball for
12 years after that."

Though her ambition in high school was to come to Manhattan and perform musical
theater, a road trip through the American Southwest and a few Dwight Yoakam and
Steve Earle albums soon thwarted that. After leaving Yale she hit the Texas
honky-tonk club scene. "I worked really hard to learn that style and be
respectful of it and figure out my place in it," Ms. Cutrufello said.

BUT it turned out that Ms. Cutrufello's place wasn't in country music. "She came
to Nashville, and I let her get a sense of the country music business,"
remembered her manager, Holly Gleason. "It wasn't that she disliked the people,
but it wasn't her destiny. She realized that in Nashville she would have been
black before she was anything else. We were at the bar one night and she slammed
her beer down and said, 'Rock deal!' I said, 'What?' She said, 'Rock deal! I
want a rock deal.' "

Ms. Gleason found her one in no time -- with the same talent scout at Mercury
who had signed Hanson.

One of the album's oldest songs is "Sister Cecil," which Ms. Cutrufello wrote in
college about her adopted younger sister, Cecil. Through Ms. Cutrufello was
adopted when she was 5 months old, Cecil came into the family at the age of 3.

"When Cecil showed up, she was a scared little kid, small for her age," Ms.
Cutrufello said. "Her shoes didn't fit, and all her clothes were in a box. She
was like a dog that had been kicked when it was young. It took a couple years
for her even to let us give her a hug. I think there's a little bit of that in
all of us -- a little bit scared, unsure of ourselves, haven't quite figured out
what this whole life thing is yet. And I know that rock-and-roll helped order
some of the world for me in that respect, and I think that's a great thing to be
able to give back."

NAME: Mary Cutrufello

LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: FOLLOWING A MUSE -- Mary Cutrufello singing the National Anthem
at a recent baseball game at the Houston Astrodome. (F. Carter Smith for The New
York Times)

TYPE: Biography

                   Copyright 1998 The New York Times Company


                              327 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                              July 29, 2016 Friday
                             NC Wilmington Edition

BYLINE: NC Nunn Scott

SECTION: 1,A; GateHouse Media GM9; Pg. 11

LENGTH: 903 words


The abortion plank in the 2016 Democratic platform in effect marginalizes the
voices of 21 million pro-life Democrats. It means the party that is supposedly
on the side of justice for the vulnerable no longer welcomes those of us who
#ChooseBoth; that is, those of us who want the government to protect and support
prenatal children and their mothers.

Most significantly, the platform calls for the repeal of the Hyde and Helms
amendments, which prevent taxpayer funds from being used to pay for abortions.
This would force those who object to abortion to contribute to what we believe
would be government-funded killing, and it would eradicate policies that have
already saved hundreds of thousands of lives.

Platforms are sometimes ignored, but they are hard-fought outlines of each party
s character and often signal a party s future trajectory. The 2016 Democratic
platform is a flat-out betrayal of millions of Democrats, undoing policies that
have kept us in the party, working toward common progressive goals on a host of
other issues.

Here are three other ways the 2016 platform betrays Democrats like us:

It calls for repeal of all  federal and state laws and policies that impede a
woman s access to abortion.  Support for abortion rights in this platform is
deemed  unequivocal.

The platform asserts that  reproductive health    which includes access to  safe
and legal abortion    is  core to women s, men s, and young people s health and
well-being.

A commitment to religious liberty in the context of abortion, which was included
in the 2012 platform, has been removed.

U.S. abortion law (which permits abortion for any reason until viability, about
22 to 23 weeks) already makes many progressive countries in Europe (which set
their threshold for abortion at 12 to 13 weeks) look like pro-life radicals. Now
the Democratic platform is pushing to roll back even the modest abortion
regulations currently on the books.

And removing even a nod toward  religious liberty  from the platform puts
Democrats at fundamental odds with the many religious organizations whose
mission is nonviolence and protection of the most vulnerable.

In 2008, candidate Hillary Clinton said abortion should be safe, legal and rare.
And by rare,  Clinton emphasized,  I mean rare.  Yet her 2016 platform team has
approved provisions that make access to abortion crucial to the well-being of
every single person on the planet.

The Democratic Party s abortion stances have already caused many to leave the
party, and many more will drop out because of the platform wording. The
percentage of extreme abortion rights advocates is increasing in the party, but
only because the total number of Democrats has shrunk to its lowest level since
the Hoover administration.

Abortion is also among the reasons Democrats lost their House of Representatives
majority. In the key states of Ohio and Pennsylvania, for example, Democrats
held the majority of seats until Republicans were able to associate the
Affordable Care Act with what abortion foes say is  the largest expansion of
abortion since Roe v. Wade.  (In some states, Obamacare covers abortion; no
states can use federal subsidies or tax credits to pay for the procedure.)

Former Rep. Steve Driehaus, D-Ohio, filed a lawsuit against the Susan B. Anthony
List, which, working with the Republican Party, had falsely accused him of
supporting taxpayer funding of abortion because he supported Obamacare. Driehaus
charged that being associated with abortion in this way led to his defeat.

He wasn t alone: Sixty-four Democrats voted for the antiabortion Stupak
amendment to the Affordable Care Act; 88 percent of those seats went to
Republicans after Democrats were tied to the assertion that Obamacare funded
abortion. Democratic Rep. Jim Oberstar of Minnesota, who lost his bid for
reelection, noted that antiabortion voters didn t stop sending people to
Congress:  They just stopped sending Democrats.

To beat Donald Trump, the Democratic Party needs to carry swing states such as
Ohio, Pennsylvania and Florida, where radical support for abortion rights has
been proved to drive away voters. The party also has been working hard to turn
traditionally red states such as Texas blue or at least purple, and
abortion-rights extremism won t help that cause either.

Finally, Democrats depend on the votes of young people and women, and both
groups (especially young women) are far more antiabortion than is generally
known. For instance, clear majorities of women   and of young people   favor a
20-week limit on abortion.

As a feminist and a mother, I find it troubling that the Democrats have such
extreme views in support of abortion,  said Jeanne-Nicole Saint-Laurent, an
assistant professor at Marquette University.  I d never support Trump, but if
the Democrats had a more moderate position on abortion it would be easier to
support Clinton. I just can t support the violence of abortion.

The future of the Democratic Party depends on its diversity, its ability to
remain inclusive. The 2016 platform language on abortion torpedoes those goals.
When Democratic Sen. Joe Manchin III of West Virginia heard about the platform s
call to repeal the Hyde amendment, he had a succinct response:  That s crazy.
We couldn t say it any better.

Kristen Day is executive director of Democrats for Life, and Charles Camosy is
an associate professor of theological and social ethics at Fordham University.

LOAD-DATE: July 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2016 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              328 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Philadelphia Inquirer

                       May 19, 2002 Sunday CITY-D EDITION

With Bush on defensive, Democrats see an opening

BYLINE: Steven Thomma Inquirer Washington Bureau

SECTION: Pg. C02

LENGTH: 878 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON


Listen to the noisy questioning about what President Bush knew of terrorist
hijacking threats before Sept. 11 and you'll hear the sound of his political
armor starting to crack. Bush is suddenly vulnerable in a way he hasn't been for
months.

Democrats know it, and they are newly emboldened to question his leadership in
ways they have not done since the terrorist attacks. If they succeed in using
this to erode more of his wartime popularity, they could transform the nature of
the fall congressional elections and give themselves a better chance of holding
the Senate and winning back the House. The risk for them is that they might
overreach and appear too eager.

Bush is aware of his vulnerability, too. He is responding with a sweeping
counteroffensive that seeks to marginalize any questions about what went wrong
before Sept. 11 as mere politics. He is concerned enough that he even enlisted
Laura Bush to defend him in one of her rare forays into domestic politics. The
risk for him is that he might appear too defensive and partisan.

What makes Bush vulnerable are the questions about what he and his
administration knew before Sept. 11, and what they should have done about it.
The furor over these questions threatens to undermine some of his core
strengths, namely his standing as a leader and his reputation as a straight
shooter, and his much-advertised goal of becoming a unifier who would change the
tone of partisan Washington.

His first test hinges on the facts.

His image as a sure-footed leader, cemented in the weeks after the attacks,
would be severely damaged by any evidence that he mishandled early warnings. If
it's proved that he ignored warning signs, that might raise questions anew about
his intellect and grasp of details. A demonstrated failure to ensure that his
FBI talked to his CIA could dent his reputation as an effective executive.

"I don't think the questions automatically damage the President's credibility or
reputation for leadership, but they could," said Stuart Rothenberg, an
independent political analyst in Washington. "If it looks like he was not
engaged, like he dismissed intelligence reports, or like he made a mistake, it
could undermine that reputation for leadership and smarts."

The two other strengths that might be at risk relate to how Bush handled himself
after Sept. 11.

His carefully cultivated reputation as an honest and straight-talking man is
threatened by his refusal for eight months to disclose the warnings.

Asked repeatedly, he and his aides denied any prior knowledge of a hijacking
threat. Moreover, his penchant for secrecy blocked questions that might have
drawn out the information earlier. His administration tried to dissuade Congress
from holding quick hearings about how the attacks could have happened, though it
is cooperating with a current inquiry by the intelligence committees. Bush
refused to let Homeland Security chief Tom Ridge testify before Congress, citing
a need for confidentiality for his senior staff.

Saturation media coverage and demands by Democrats in Congress that he provide
answers could plant the image in the public mind that Bush is hiding something.

Republican Gary Bauer, a former presidential candidate and a conservative
strategist, said Bush failed to learn a common lesson of Washington: It is
better to get potentially damaging news out earlier rather than later.

"What everyone in Washington should learn is to release information today rather
than tomorrow," he said. "In this town, it all comes out eventually anyway.
There would have been less fodder had he released this months ago."

Finally, Bush risks his standing as a benevolent leader by opening a direct
partisan attack on the Democrats for posing questions that many Americans
believe are legitimate to ask.

Both Democrats and Republicans last week asked questions about what the
President knew, including Sen. Richard Shelby of Alabama, the senior Republican
on the Senate Intelligence Committee. But Vice President Cheney used an
appearance at a political fund-raiser to assail the Democrats alone for asking
questions.

"They're trying to come down too hard," said Marshall Wittmann, a Republican
strategist and scholar at the Hudson Institute, a conservative Washington think
tank. "The President needs to continue to play to his strength, that he united
the country. It does not help him when his vice president tries to polarize the
debate. "

At stake is more than Bush's popularity. Control of the Congress hangs in the
balance with November's elections.

The party of a new president typically loses seats in the next congressional
election, as the first-year honeymoon fades and as weak candidates carried into
office on a president's coattails face reelection alone.

But Bush had little or no coattails, having lost the popular vote to Democrat Al
Gore. As of now, he is heading into the congressional elections far more popular
than he was on Election Day 2000.

Said Rothenberg: "If his approval rating drops from the high 70 percent range to
the low 50s, November could be a more traditional midterm election."

That is what the Democrats want and the Republicans fear.

Contact Steven Thomma at 202-383-6042 or sthomma@krwashington.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 19, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: news

                  Copyright 2002 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              329 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

               February 5, 1997, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

N.R.A. Power Struggle

SECTION: Section A; Page 22; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 117 words


To the Editor:

My community has seen more than its share of the devastation guns cause -- two
years ago in a quadruple stranger-on-stranger murder and last week in a probable
murder-suicide -- so I'm rooting for Neal Knox to assume the National Rifle
Association leadership (news article, Jan. 30). Mr. Knox's critics say he has
caused turmoil within the association, making it harder for its officials to
protect the right to bear arms.

If elected, Mr. Knox will marginalize them further and demonstrate the
philosophical gulf that exists between the N.R.A. and the majority of Americans
who support sensible gun control laws.

CINDY S. HANDLER
Upper Montclair, N.J., Jan. 31, 1997

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              330 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                   December 05, 1996, Thursday, Final Edition

Justices Hear Third-Party Access Issue

Joan Biskupic, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A13

LENGTH: 781 words


In one of the hottest political disputes of the term, the Supreme Court heard
arguments yesterday that state laws prohibiting a candidate from being the
nominee of more than one political party violate rights of political association
and expression.

The case arose when the Twin Cities Area New Party tried to list on the ballot a
candidate who already had been nominated by a major party, and the state refused
to identify him as representing the New Party as well.

Harvard law professor Laurence H. Tribe, arguing for the New Party, said the
laws "marginalize" third-party candidates and prevent smaller parties from
offering candidates of their choosing in an effort to mobilize party support.

In the few states that permit "fusion" candidates, such as New York, a minor
party can either field its own candidate or lend its party name to another
nominee. When a fusion ban exists, supporters of fusion ballots say, even voters
who might support the third party's platform don't want to "waste" votes on a
candidate who has little chance of winning.

But Minnesota Assistant Solicitor General Richard S. Slowes, defending the
state's antifusion law, told the justices the ban does not violate core First
Amendment values and stressed that states have the authority to regulate their
own elections. He said the ban on a candidate appearing as the nominee of more
than one party serves the state's interest by avoiding confusing, complex
ballots.

"The law doesn't keep anyone off the ballot," Slowes said, because the ban
applies to people who already are the nominees of another party.

Yesterday's session was rich with political references to cross-party support
for President Dwight D. Eisenhower and to Earl Warren, who was elected governor
of California before becoming chief justice, and reminders of the
turn-of-the-century effort by major parties to suppress the Populists and other
emerging minor parties. (Many states passed laws around 1900 barring fusion
candidates; today 40 states and the District of Columbia prohibit the practice.)

Overall, the justices were skeptical of arguments that Minnesota's law,
specifically at issue in the case, violates political parties' First Amendment
rights of political association and expression.

"There are a lot of [state] rules that disadvantage third parties," Justice
Stephen G. Breyer said, noting that some electoral practices, including
single-member voting districts, might be more politically harmful to minor party
candidates.

Other justices' questions suggested they found nothing constitutionally amiss
with a state's promotion of a strong two-party system.

If the court were to strike down all antifusion laws, Chief Justice William H.
Rehnquist observed, "it would result in sweeping change."

The Twin Cities Area New Party tried to put incumbent state Rep. Andy Dawkins on
the ballot in 1994 as its candidate for the state House of Representatives.
Dawkins had already been nominated by the Democratic-Farmer-Labor Party.

When state officials refused to identify Dawkins as a New Party nominee, the
party sued. A federal District Court judge ruled for the state, but the 8th U.S.
Circuit Court of Appeals reversed that decision, saying the ballot fusion ban
burdens a minor party's association rights because it cannot nominate its
selected candidate. It said the law keeps "the New Party from developing
consensual political alliances and thus broadening the base of public
participation in and support for its activities."

Justice Ruth Bader Ginsburg noted that her home state of New York has long
allowed ballot fusion, without problems. She also noted that voters may
understand more about a candidate if he or she is listed as representing two
parties -- for example, a major party and one that has a specific agenda.

Slowes said that while that practice might be more informative, it is not
required by the First Amendment.

The case of McKenna v. Twin Cities Area New Party has drawn wide political
interest, and groups as diverse as the Republican National Committee, the Reform
Party and the American Civil Liberties Union have sided with the New Party.

Separately yesterday, the justices heard a constitutional challenge to an
Arizona state law requiring government workers to speak only English. But the
justices' questions showed that they would not decide the merits of the case
because of procedural problems, such as the fact that the state is not enforcing
or defending the law. The justices did not address the claim, pressed in lower
courts, that the law violates the free speech rights of state workers. The case
is Arizonans for Official English v. Arizona.

LOAD-DATE: December 05, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1996 The Washington Post


                              331 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Austin American-Statesman (Texas)

                            October 11, 2015 Sunday
                                 State Edition

It's a wrap: Editorials for the week

BYLINE: American-Statesman Staff

SECTION: INST; Pg. E5

LENGTH: 733 words


Sunday, Oct. 4

Travis County commissioners and the Travis County Sheriff's Office recently
scored two meaningful points: holding the line on homeowners' tax bills and
reinstating face-to-face visits at Travis County jails.

While the tax relief county commissioners gave homeowners is minimal, it
nonetheless is a symbol of a change in direction on the county budget. And
commissioners approved a measure that will again allow families to visit loved
ones detained in Travis County jails face-to-face rather than by video only.
Some commissioners have said the video system, put in place in 2013, was meant
to complement - not replace - in-person visitation.

Monday, Oct. 5

Should President Barack Obama move forcibly to counter Russian President
Vladimir Putin's gambit in Syria? That was the Two Views question presented to
James Jay Carafano, vice president of the Heritage Foundation, and John B.
Quigley, a professor of international law at Ohio State University.

Carafano thinks Obama should work to marginalize Russia's capacity to mess with
the U.S., and that Syria is an excellent place to start. Our recent history in
Syria, Quigley countered, suggests a go-slow approach against Putin is best.

Tuesday, Oct. 6

The coincidence is not lost on us that the Oct. 1 campus shooting at Umpqua
Community College in Oregon occurred just as the University of Texas and other
public institutions in Texas are trying to write their own campus carry rules as
mandated by the Texas Legislature.

The idea promulgated during the last legislative session that more guns on
college campuses will make us safer boggles the imagination. Choosing to ignore
the statistics and expanding the list of places where handguns can be carried
without taking action to stem the acquisition of guns is the definition of
insanity. Walking the same path inevitably will deliver you to the same
destination - delivering platitudes to a hurting community that now must bury
its loved ones and rebuild.

Wednesday, Oct. 7

We printed two entries from our Viewpoints blog:

In the first, we called on the Central Texas Regional Mobility Authority to
share information requested by the Save Our Springs Alliance. Standing in the
way of transparency on a public project fuels mistrust and speculation.

And we noted how the Legislature's over-reliance on fees can have unintended
consequences, especially when the fees are so onerous that they
disproportionately affect the poor. One such case is the Texas Driver
Responsibility program, which levies civil surcharges against people who are
convicted of driving without a license or insurance. Rather than discouraging
such behavior, the dynamics of poverty are such that many more illegal drivers
are created. Drivers who choose to drive illegally should be penalized, but it
serves no one if the price is so high that they can never get on the right side
of the law.

Thursday, Oct. 8

In a Two Views commentary on whether the U.S. should require mandatory national
service by young adults, Karen M. Whitney, president of Clarion University in
Pennsylvania, said yes, national service can serve as a coming of responsibility
from adolescence to adulthood, and would benefit individuals as well as the
country.

The goal of developing character is a worthy end, wrote the Heritage
Foundation's Arthur Milikh, but assigning that task to the national government
is to misunderstand America. We should promote the virtues of volunteering, but
we should not compel it.

Friday, Oct. 9

The Austin City Council soon might tighten its rules governing so-called
transportation network companies and begin treating them more like traditional
taxi companies. David Plouffe, chief adviser to Uber, met with the Editorial
Board to discuss Uber's success in Austin and to oppose proposed new regulations
of ride-hailing companies.

Saturday, Oct. 10

It's a parent's worst nightmare: You drop off your child at school or day care
and when it's time to pick up your son or daughter, you are told that your child
never showed up that day.

But for Austin parents Jaydeep Dave and Ruchi Mehta, the nightmare was real.
Though it ended well, the incident illustrates the need for tighter inspections,
monitoring and enforcement of day care centers. The case also underscores the
need for more quality, affordable day care in Austin.

Please visit www.statesman.com/s/opinion to read last week's complete editorials
and commentaries.

LOAD-DATE: October 12, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 The Austin American-Statesman
                              All Rights Reserved


                              332 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                          December 10, 2014 Wednesday

New York: Gilbard '15 Publishes in Digital America

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Albany


Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following News release:

Appearing in the most recent issue of the University of Richmond's undergraduate
journal Digital America, "Invasion of the Betches: Repercussions of Mean Girl
Culture" by Morgan Gilbard '15 explores the pervasiveness of "mean girl" culture
and the effects of its associated "bullying and superficiality [and] capitalist
ideas like consumerism and social stratification."

"What we consume growing up plays a dramatic role in how we interact with the
world thereafter," explains Gilbard. "Mean girl culture has become so pervasive
because at face-value, humor seems to be the only component at work. However,
when an ideology as dominant as mean girl culture constantly marginalizes
certain groups, it promotes a racism, classism, and sexism that ultimately
disservices society as a whole."

Gilbard's cultural critique began as an assignment for the Writing and Rhetoric
course "Rhetorical Bytes." She pursued publishing the essay at the encouragement
of Assistant Professor of Writing and Rhetoric Ben Ristow, who guided Gilbard
through the editing and submission process in the fall of last year.

"I'm incredibly thankful for Professor Ristow's help and instruction," says
Gilbard. "He creates a unique learning environment conducive to exploring
uncharted territory, which was essential to this topic in particular."

Gilbard is majoring in English, while minoring in political science and media
and society. She served as editor-in-chief as The Herald for two years. During
her editorship, she served as a student panelist at last year's President's
Forum event, "The Real House of Cards," featuring New York Times and Vanity Fair
journalist Todd Purdum; and facilitated a Leadership Institute workshop on the
influence of the media on real-world issues. For the past two summers, Gilbard
has interned at prominent public relations firms in New York City, including
Rubenstein Public Relations and LFB Media Group. She is currently working on her
honors project and hopes to pursue a master's degree in journalism after
graduation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 11, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              333 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 9, 2014 Tuesday

New York: Gilbard '15 Publishes in Digital America

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Albany


Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following News release:

Appearing in the most recent issue of the University of Richmond's undergraduate
journal Digital America, "Invasion of the Betches: Repercussions of Mean Girl
Culture" by Morgan Gilbard '15 explores the pervasiveness of "mean girl" culture
and the effects of its associated "bullying and superficiality [and] capitalist
ideas like consumerism and social stratification."

"What we consume growing up plays a dramatic role in how we interact with the
world thereafter," explains Gilbard. "Mean girl culture has become so pervasive
because at face-value, humor seems to be the only component at work. However,
when an ideology as dominant as mean girl culture constantly marginalizes
certain groups, it promotes a racism, classism, and sexism that ultimately
disservices society as a whole."

Gilbard's cultural critique began as an assignment for the Writing and Rhetoric
course "Rhetorical Bytes." She pursued publishing the essay at the encouragement
of Assistant Professor of Writing and Rhetoric Ben Ristow, who guided Gilbard
through the editing and submission process in the fall of last year.

"I'm incredibly thankful for Professor Ristow's help and instruction," says
Gilbard. "He creates a unique learning environment conducive to exploring
uncharted territory, which was essential to this topic in particular."

Gilbard is majoring in English, while minoring in political science and media
and society. She served as editor-in-chief as The Herald for two years. During
her editorship, she served as a student panelist at last year's President's
Forum event, "The Real House of Cards," featuring New York Times and Vanity Fair
journalist Todd Purdum; and facilitated a Leadership Institute workshop on the
influence of the media on real-world issues. For the past two summers, Gilbard
has interned at prominent public relations firms in New York City, including
Rubenstein Public Relations and LFB Media Group. She is currently working on her
honors project and hopes to pursue a master's degree in journalism after
graduation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              334 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            December 8, 2014 Monday

New York: Gilbard '15 Publishes in Digital America

LENGTH: 373  words

DATELINE: Albany


Hobart and William Smith Colleges, The State of New York has issued the
following News release:

Appearing in the most recent issue of the University of Richmond's undergraduate
journal Digital America, "Invasion of the Betches: Repercussions of Mean Girl
Culture" by Morgan Gilbard '15 explores the pervasiveness of "mean girl" culture
and the effects of its associated "bullying and superficiality [and] capitalist
ideas like consumerism and social stratification."

"What we consume growing up plays a dramatic role in how we interact with the
world thereafter," explains Gilbard. "Mean girl culture has become so pervasive
because at face-value, humor seems to be the only component at work. However,
when an ideology as dominant as mean girl culture constantly marginalizes
certain groups, it promotes a racism, classism, and sexism that ultimately
disservices society as a whole."

Gilbard's cultural critique began as an assignment for the Writing and Rhetoric
course "Rhetorical Bytes." She pursued publishing the essay at the encouragement
of Assistant Professor of Writing and Rhetoric Ben Ristow, who guided Gilbard
through the editing and submission process in the fall of last year.

"I'm incredibly thankful for Professor Ristow's help and instruction," says
Gilbard. "He creates a unique learning environment conducive to exploring
uncharted territory, which was essential to this topic in particular."

Gilbard is majoring in English, while minoring in political science and media
and society. She served as editor-in-chief as The Herald for two years. During
her editorship, she served as a student panelist at last year's President's
Forum event, "The Real House of Cards," featuring New York Times and Vanity Fair
journalist Todd Purdum; and facilitated a Leadership Institute workshop on the
influence of the media on real-world issues. For the past two summers, Gilbard
has interned at prominent public relations firms in New York City, including
Rubenstein Public Relations and LFB Media Group. She is currently working on her
honors project and hopes to pursue a master's degree in journalism after
graduation.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: December 9, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              335 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 23, 1998, Tuesday, Final Edition

Getting People Out of Their Cars

SECTION: OP-ED; Pg. A16; LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

LENGTH: 393 words


While reading the article on the Los Angeles subway [front page, June 10], I
found myself wondering what opponents of the rail project would propose as
alternatives to solve the increasing problems of traffic congestion, road rage
and pollution that plague urban areas like Southern California and the Beltway.
Any proposal that depends on buses and HOV lanes will not address the root cause
of these problems: automobiles as the primary form of transportation and street
design that perpetuates its primacy and marginalizes all other alternatives.

Angelenos are "dedicated" to their automobiles because the only alternative is
slow, inefficient bus riding. Mass transit will not become the transit of choice
for most people unless it is faster and more efficient than cars. Because buses
must compete with cars on the roads, they will always be the slower, less
efficient choice.

Instead of investing in high-tech mass transit and developing compact,
pedestrian and bicycle-friendly urban areas, we have been pouring tax dollars
into highway development and maintenance, allowing car-based urban development
to predominate. This practice must be reversed. Rather than spending more tax
dollars on buses and highways, we must make comprehensive, long-term plans to
redesign our urban spaces to discourage automobile use and encourage walking,
bicycling and mass transit use.

My workplace at the Skyline complex in Bailey's Crossroads is a case in point.
The main thoroughfares, Leesburg and Columbia Pike, are hazardous for anyone not
driving. Buses are the only form of mass transit serving Bailey's Crossroads,
the streets have no bike lanes and parking is plentiful. Guess what? Nearly
everyone who works or shops at or near Skyline drives to get there. That
situation, sadly, has become more the rule than the exception in the United
States.

Yes, rail projects are expensive but so are highway maintenance and car
dependency, especially when you take into account environmental damage and the
loss of aesthetically pleasing public spaces easily accessible to pedestrians
and bike-riders (i.e., vibrant downtowns instead of strip malls). If we do not
provide the comfortable, dependable, efficient mass transit that subways and
light rail can provide, we only encourage people to drive their cars more.

KEN GROSSERODE

Washington

LOAD-DATE: June 23, 1998

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                       Copyright 1998 The Washington Post


                              336 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                  June 8, 1995, Thursday, CONSTITUTION EDITION

Sharpen House focus on militias

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 360 words


Just one Republican in the U.S. House, Rep. Peter King of New York, has taken
the emerging militia movement in the United States seriously enough to denounce
it publicly and call for a full House airing of its potential dangers.

House Speaker Newt Gingrich would do well to consider King's counsel.

"All Republicans should denounce the militias in no uncertain terms," King, a
law-and-order advocate, declared this week. "Until we do that, I think the
Republican Party is going to marginalize itself and is going to be perceived as
a party of wackos . . that's what these people (in the militias) are. They're
wacko, they're dangerous, and we should have nothing to do with them."

No one is accusing Gingrich of making common cause with the various militia
groups, but he has in his public utterances seemed to empathize with their sense
of grievance, and he has shown no inclination to investigate their more
suspicious activities. Indeed, he tentatively plans six days of hearings into
one of their pet causes - the fumbled federal siege of the Branch Davidian
compound outside Waco, Texas, which culminated in the deaths of David Koresh and
dozens of his followers.

The paranoia and the peril of the militias need to be brought to light, not
merely because of Oklahoma City bombing suspect Timothy McVeigh's reported
connection with one of them. In state after state - Michigan, Montana, Arizona,
Minnesota and Virginia, to name a few - local authorities have had their lives
threatened by militia members or have unearthed evidence that militias were
plotting, in one instance, to steal weapons from a National Guard armory and, in
another, to bomb public facilities.

Our democratic system - from local to federal - is based on a rule of law. When
armed and disaffected people reject time-honored recourses for political change
and plot to commit violence to gain their ends, it ought to be a matter of
national concern. Sen. Arlen Specter (R-Pa.), chairman of a Senate subcommittee
on terrorism, thinks so and will hold an inquiry on the militia movement next
week.

It is puzzling why Gingrich seems oblivious on the point.

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: The siege of the Branch Davidian compound in Waco, Texas /
Associated Press

                    Copyright 1995 The Atlanta Constitution


                              337 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Michigan)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            February 28, 2016 Sunday

NMC faculty, staff offer different perspectives on events leading to union
negotiations

BYLINE: Michael Walton, The Record-Eagle, Traverse City, Mich.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 1493 words


Feb. 28--TRAVERSE CITY -- Faculty and administrators don't agree on much about
the circumstances surrounding the union negotiations at Northwestern Michigan
College.

Faculty contend their choice to unionize stemmed from marginalization --
minimization of their role in deciding NMC's longterm direction and policies --
coupled with a communication breakdown with college administrators and trustees.

Those problems, they argue, threaten their ability to educate students and harms
the college's institutional viability.

"What does it reveal about the health of an institution of learning when your
faculty feel disenfranchised, and devalued, and demoralized?" said humanities
instructor Mella McCormick.

NMC President Tim Nelson said administrators have never intended to marginalize
faculty, who he called "vital" to achieving the college's goal of effectively
supporting and educating students.

"If I really look at it and really analyze it there's probably things everybody
could do differently, and that's the issue for us going forward," Nelson said.
"If communications are an issue, then how do we address that? If feeling engaged
with the direction of the institution is an issue, then OK, how do we do this?"

'A voice in what's going'

Both sides have declined to discuss negotiation details since formal
negotiations started in mid-2015. But during a Feb. 22 NMC board meeting and in
subsequent interviews faculty explained why, starting in late 2014, they began
organizing a union group under the Michigan Education Association.

Their grievances include concerns that their pay is unequal and unfair compared
to both NMC administrators and their peers at other Michigan community colleges
-- assertions the college's administrators deny.

But faculty members' loudest protest related to what they described as their
diminishing role in NMC's decision making processes is broken communication with
the college's elected leaders and top administrators, and distrust that grew
from the administration's response to early unionization efforts.

Longtime mathematics instructor Stephen Drake and others said faculty's formerly
effective representation on key decision-driving bodies -- like the college's
planning and budget council -- has gradually eroded during the past decade. At
the same time more power has been consolidated with college administrators --
Nelson in particular.

"This has had a serious impact on the progress of education," Drake said. "We're
not working together anymore."

Nelson and other administrators said boards like the planning and budget council
are now and always have been advisory in nature. They also said faculty input on
those committees has and will always be taken into consideration as decisions
are made.

"We want people to feel they have a voice in what is going on," Nelson said.
"But that also means we all have to recognize that there are going to be times
when somebody says 'I hear you, but I'm not doing that."

Trustee reports

Communications faculty member Bronwyn Jones described NMC leadership as
developing an increasingly "CEO" atmosphere in recent years. Faculty point to a
change in their relationship with college trustees as evidence for this shift.

Faculty members once made regular reports to NMC trustees during board meetings,
but monthly faculty reports were dropped from meeting agendas starting in
November 2007, NMC meeting minutes show.

The change occurred after former faculty council chairman Gordon Niemi told
Siciliano he was struggling to find faculty members who wanted to give reports
at board meetings each month, said Stephen Siciliano, NMC's vice president for
educational services and a former faculty member. Niemi wanted instead to move
reports to an "ad hoc arraignment," Siciliano said.

Faculty members contend public comment became their only avenue to address board
members.

McCormick said she did just that during a June 2011 board study session. During
that meeting she refuted a former trustee's comments that McCormick said
disparaged faculty members.

Nelson the next day showed up unannounced at a faculty council meeting, and told
employees present that such comments should be directed to him, not college
board members, McCormick said.

"I viewed it as a public spanking," McCormick said.

Communications instructor and faculty council Chairwoman Nancy Gray said a wave
of concern and fear seemed to sweep across faculty following that meeting.

"They felt like they had no voice," she said.

Nelson, who said he didn't recall attending the faculty meeting McCormick
referenced, said NMC's board operates based on a policy governance model. The
college's president under this model is the board's only employee, and board
members are supposed to set policy for the president to execute. They don't get
involved in administrative or staff-related matters.

But Nelson added everyone has the right to make public comment during meetings.

"Whether it's going to come to the resolution you want is a different issue," he
said. "That's what I'm asking people, is think about what you want to accomplish
and whether or not this is the right way to do it or not the right way to do it.
The world is a very political place."

Compensation communication

Concerns about compensation and communication came to a head in 2014. College
administrators instituted a pay freeze in an effort to align all salary
increases with the start of each new year, when fall enrollment numbers become
available.

Gray and other faculty said Nelson told them in the spring that year --
including at an April faculty council meeting -- that he did not support
freezing salaries.

Then in August 2014 administrators announced there would indeed be a salary
freeze. Gray said faculty weren't included in discussions about the possible pay
freeze. Administrators' decision to implement the freeze without communication
to faculty was the "straw that broke the camel's back," Gray said.

Murmurs about unionization started that month.

Nelson said faculty members in January 2015 were made whole for any compensation
they lost during the 2014 freeze.

He and other administrators also said they discussed the proposed freeze with
NMC stakeholders throughout Spring 2014, including at the planning and budget
council, which includes faculty representation.

Still, Nelson admitted more about the salary freeze should have been
communicated directly to the faculty council.

"We used planning and budget council, we probably should have gone back to
faculty council as a group and said 'OK, here's how this is working out,'" he
said.

Organizing

Administrators, following the compensation freeze announcement, told Gray they
would not allow an MEA representative to visit campus to answer questions about
unionization.

Nelson called that move a "misstep," and said administrators later reversed
their position.

Gray said informal polling around that time indicated about half of all faculty
members supported unionization.

Then NMC administrators in early 2015 sent faculty a series of emails about the
union election process. Those emails warned faculty not to "let someone else"
decide whether they'd be represented by a union, and "whether it is worth
risking the loss of wages and benefits in collective bargaining by a third-party
who does not know you, this College, or our culture ..."

Gray said those messages angered faculty members and convinced many who'd
previously opposed unionization to change their minds.

"It was insulting to our intelligence," McCormick said.

Nelson said those emails were not intended to be threatening and said his
biggest request today is that the parties involved talk more frankly about their
perceptions of events.

"If people perceive something and it really bothers them, I want them to say
'this is the way I'm understanding that. Is this what's really going on?'"
Nelson said. "And I don't think that's been happening."

Institutional integrity

Nelson said administrators remain focused on doing what's best for students and
said he doesn't want the relationship between faculty and administration to
interfere with pursuing that mission.

"I don't care what happens with the union contract," he said. "I don't care what
happens going forward. That has to be what we do."

But faculty members said their grievances ultimately stem from a concern that
NMC will suffer if administrators don't value and respect the instructors at the
core of the college's educational mission.

"The institution is not harvesting the wisdom of it's professionals," Jones
said.

Science instructor Jerry Dobek said presidents, faculty members and even
students come and go at NMC.

"But since 1951 that institution has remained," he said. "That's the most
important thing. It's not an individual faculty person and it's not an
individual administrator. It's the integrity of the institution."

___ (c)2016 The Record-Eagle (Traverse City, Mich.) Visit The Record-Eagle
(Traverse City, Mich.) at record-eagle.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: February 29, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20160228-ZK-NMC-faculty-staff-offer-different-perspectives-on-events-leading-to-
union-negotiations-0228-20160228

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: ZK


                        Copyright 2016 The Record-Eagle


                              338 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           October 15, 2011 Saturday

Spartans try to repeat job against Robinson

BYLINE: Ryan Autullo, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 555 words


Oct. 15--ANN ARBOR -- If anyone should be credited with creating a method to
marginalize Michigan quarterback Denard Robinson, it's Michigan State coach Mark
Dantonio.

Robinson could not be stopped in the first five games of the 2010 season, using
his arm and his speed to vault himself into Heisman Trophy consideration and
bring the unbeaten Wolverines into the top 25. Opposing defensive coordinators
failed to devise a good plan to stop Robinson, or if they did, they lacked the
personnel to carry it out.

Then Michigan State popped up on the schedule, and Robinson was never the same
after that 17-point loss at home. He was intercepted three times, gained just
seven yards per completion, and failed to reach 100 rushing yards for the first
time all season. Michigan won just two more games after its 5-0 start, and
Robinson's decline in production mirrored his team's slide.

So what's the trick to rendering Robinson human? Dantonio might have the answer.

"You have to tackle him in space if he gets on the run," said Dantonio, whose
Spartans will face Robinson and No. 11 Michigan tomorrow in East Lansing. "You
have to cover well down field. You have to make him go to his secondary
receivers, and you have to be able to keep him corralled, which is a lot easier
said than done. We were able to do that somewhat last year. This year's a new
year, so we have to make sure we have great attention to detail and that we're
responsibility oriented in terms of everybody has to handle their job."

In No.23 MSU (4-1, 1-0), Robinson will try to figure out a way to execute
against the nation's No. 1-rated defense. The Spartans are allowing just 173.4
yards per game, gobbling up bad offenses like Central Michigan (88th
nationally), Ohio State (105), and Florida Atlantic (118).

When MSU saw a respectable offense, it allowed only 275 yards in a 31-13 loss at
Notre Dame. In their most recent game, two weeks ago, the Spartans held Ohio
State to 0.9 yards per rush and posted a shutout for the first 59:50 of the game
before the Buckeyes scored a meaningless touchdown with 10 seconds to go.

"This game's going to be won up front," Michigan offensive coordinator Al Borges
said. "I don't think there's any question about that."

MSU's defensive front has caused chaos for opposing teams, and Borges knows
Robinson and his skilled players won't have a good game unless the line is
successful against the guys lined up across from them, such as standout freshman
Marcus Rush, all-Big Ten player Jerel Worthy, and William Gholston, the top
recruit in Michigan two years ago.

And that's not just coaching rhetoric that Borges speaks. The team with more
rushing yards when Michigan and Michigan State get together has won 38 of the
last 41 games.

If Robinson can't break out of his slump against the Spartans (he had minus-9
rushing yards as a freshman), Michigan wouldn't seem to have much of a chance to
snap its three-game losing streak in the instate rivalry.

"They have a pretty high potent offense, but defensively we've been playing
pretty well," Dantonio said. "They've been playing pretty well as well. We'll
find out."

Contact Ryan Autullo at: rautullo@theblade.com, 419-724-6160 or on Twitter
@RyanAutullo.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 15, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111015-TO-Spartans-try-to-repeat-job-against-Robinson-1015-20111015

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              339 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                            The Blade (Toledo, Ohio)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            October 14, 2011 Friday

Spartans try to repeat job against Robinson

BYLINE: Ryan Autullo, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

SECTION: SPORTS

LENGTH: 555 words


Oct. 14--ANN ARBOR -- If anyone should be credited with creating a method to
marginalize Michigan quarterback Denard Robinson, it's Michigan State coach Mark
Dantonio.

Robinson could not be stopped in the first five games of the 2010 season, using
his arm and his speed to vault himself into Heisman Trophy consideration and
bring the unbeaten Wolverines into the top 25. Opposing defensive coordinators
failed to devise a good plan to stop Robinson, or if they did, they lacked the
personnel to carry it out.

Then Michigan State popped up on the schedule, and Robinson was never the same
after that 17-point loss at home. He was intercepted three times, gained just
seven yards per completion, and failed to reach 100 rushing yards for the first
time all season. Michigan won just two more games after its 5-0 start, and
Robinson's decline in production mirrored his team's slide.

So what's the trick to rendering Robinson human? Dantonio might have the answer.

"You have to tackle him in space if he gets on the run," said Dantonio, whose
Spartans will face Robinson and No. 11 Michigan tomorrow in East Lansing. "You
have to cover well down field. You have to make him go to his secondary
receivers, and you have to be able to keep him corralled, which is a lot easier
said than done. We were able to do that somewhat last year. This year's a new
year, so we have to make sure we have great attention to detail and that we're
responsibility oriented in terms of everybody has to handle their job."

In No.23 MSU (4-1, 1-0), Robinson will try to figure out a way to execute
against the nation's No. 1-rated defense. The Spartans are allowing just 173.4
yards per game, gobbling up bad offenses like Central Michigan (88th
nationally), Ohio State (105), and Florida Atlantic (118).

When MSU saw a respectable offense, it allowed only 275 yards in a 31-13 loss at
Notre Dame. In their most recent game, two weeks ago, the Spartans held Ohio
State to 0.9 yards per rush and posted a shutout for the first 59:50 of the game
before the Buckeyes scored a meaningless touchdown with 10 seconds to go.

"This game's going to be won up front," Michigan offensive coordinator Al Borges
said. "I don't think there's any question about that."

MSU's defensive front has caused chaos for opposing teams, and Borges knows
Robinson and his skilled players won't have a good game unless the line is
successful against the guys lined up across from them, such as standout freshman
Marcus Rush, all-Big Ten player Jerel Worthy, and William Gholston, the top
recruit in Michigan two years ago.

And that's not just coaching rhetoric that Borges speaks. The team with more
rushing yards when Michigan and Michigan State get together has won 38 of the
last 41 games.

If Robinson can't break out of his slump against the Spartans (he had minus-9
rushing yards as a freshman), Michigan wouldn't seem to have much of a chance to
snap its three-game losing streak in the instate rivalry.

"They have a pretty high potent offense, but defensively we've been playing
pretty well," Dantonio said. "They've been playing pretty well as well. We'll
find out."

Contact Ryan Autullo at: rautullo@theblade.com, 419-724-6160 or on Twitter
@RyanAutullo.

___ (c)2011 The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) Visit The Blade (Toledo, Ohio) at
www.toledoblade.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: October 14, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20111014-TO-Spartans-try-to-repeat-job-against-Robinson-1014-20111014

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: TO


                            Copyright 2011 The Blade


                              340 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                          September 7, 2011 Wednesday

Debra Saunders: Are scientists becoming the new priests?

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 492 words


'I believe in evolution and trust scientists on global warming. Call me crazy,"
GOP presidential hopeful and former Utah governor Jon Huntsman recently tweeted.
You've got to hand it to Huntsman - he sure knows how to endear himself to folks
who won't vote in the Republican primary.

Huntsman has said that he fears that the GOP will be perceived as the
"antiscience party." That is, he gave a nod to Democrats' conceit that theirs is
the party of science. Why? Because the Dems don't tolerate questions about
evolution or global warming.

For the record, I believe in evolution. But I also have respect for those who
see God's handiwork in the process - and see little reason to try to marginalize
those with different personal beliefs.

I also share the skepticism voiced by a number of scientists - yes, scientists -
who reject global-warming orthodoxy in defiance of a political/academic machine
that enforces submission to one view. Those who do not agree with alarmist
predictions on climate change do so at their careers' peril.

As then-Delaware state climatologist David Legates told me in 2007, he would
tell students who were not global-warming true believers, "If you don't have
tenure at a major research university, keep your mouth shut."

Huntsman's reverential tone, however, suggests that university science
departments are havens of harmony, with scientists as priest-like figures to
whose greater wisdom the public should defer.

With scientists on this pedestal, who needs religion?

It's worth noting that among the Obama ticket and GOP field, Texas Gov. Rick
Perry and Rep. Ron Paul probably have the strongest science backgrounds. Perry,
a farmer, rancher and former Air Force pilot, has a degree in animal science
from Texas A&M University. Paul was an Air Force flight surgeon and then a
practicing physician until 1996.

Both Perry and Paul are global-warming skeptics. Paul rejects evolution
outright, while Perry calls evolution "a theory."

Huntsman majored in international politics. Hence, his decision to "trust
scientists on global warming."

Trust? Scientists know things that non-scientists don't know, but they are
human, which makes them fallible. And as recent events have shown, not all
scientists are above the political fray.

Consider Energy Secretary Steven Chu, a Nobel Prize winning physicist. In 2009,
Chu's staff approved $535million loan guarantee to the Fremont solar company,
Solyndra. Within two years, despite half a billion in taxpayer dollars, Solyndra
announced last week it was filing for bankruptcy, shuttering its remaining
plant, and laying off 1,100 workers.

That was one miscalculation. Mistakes happen.

But the biggest blunder was not made by a scientist, but by a politician who so
trusted the hollow promises of the climate-change lobby that he bet the U.S.
economy on green jobs that never did proliferate. That was President Obama, and
you see the fruit of his misguided faith.

Email: dsaunders@sfchronicle.com .

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2011 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              341 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Salt Lake Tribune

                              July 3, 2009 Friday

New immigration law sets dangerous precedent

BYLINE: By Chris Burbank

SECTION: OPINION; Columnists

LENGTH: 965 words


As you begin the experience of the U.S. Holocaust Museum in Washington, D.C.,
one of the first images you encounter is a photo of a Nazi soldier standing with
a German police officer. Conspicuously, the identical theme exists at Yad
VaShem, Israel's memorial to Holocaust victims.

The Nazi propaganda and hatred effort did not begin with imprisonment and
genocide. It was instituted subtly, declaring the criminality of those deemed
inferior. Laws were developed and regulations restricting movement, mandating
identification and limiting human rights were also passed. Co-opting the trusted
local constabulary was instrumental in enforcement of those laws.

Unfortunately, throughout history local law enforcement has been an extremely
effective arm of oppression. How many individuals in the United States were
lynched, under the color of authority, for violations of Jim Crow laws?

The essential duty of modern law enforcement is to protect the civil rights of
individuals while providing for the safety of all members of the communities we
serve, equally, without bias. Asking local police agencies to enforce federal
immigration laws, as Utah's new law does, is contrary to our mission,
marginalizes significant segments of the population, and complicates and
ultimately harms effective community policing. We function best when we are part
of, not apart from, the community.

Police officers should not engage in civil immigration enforcement. However,
local law enforcement should diligently continue to arrest serious criminal
offenders and, as appropriate, refer dangerous criminals to federal authorities.
Civil immigration enforcement is a federal responsibility, and it is paramount
to the well-being of our neighborhoods that the federal government maintains
accountability.

This is the central finding of a report from the Police Foundation, a research
organization in Washington, D.C. focusing on law enforcement issues. Noting that
police agencies throughout the country were increasingly being asked to assume
immigration enforcement responsibilities, the foundation conducted a yearlong
study to determine the appropriate balance between immigration enforcement,
civil liberties and community safety.

I had the honor of participating in the national conference with more than 100
law enforcement peers and executives. While the debate was enthusiastic, several
recurring themes emerged. The costs of participating in the U.S. Immigration and
Customs Enforcement's 287(g) program outweigh the benefits. Additionally, local
police officers should be prohibited from arresting and detaining persons to
investigate immigration status absent probable cause of an independent state
criminal law violation.

After speaking with law enforcement officers and community leaders throughout
the country, the Police Foundation concluded that local immigration enforcement
damages the relationship between local police and communities; in fact,
individuals are less likely to report crimes or participate as witnesses due to
fear of immigration enforcement.

It is pointedly ironic that the state of Utah, founded by Mormon pioneers who
immigrated to the region seeking religious freedom and escape from local
governmental persecution, has chosen to assume a negative and biased position
toward immigrants and all individuals different from the majority.

We have already observed a chilling effect upon victims and witnesses as well as
a polarization within neighborhoods regarding immigration legislation (Senate
Bill 81) that went into effect on Wednesday. Often unrecognized in the debate is
the significant adverse impact upon all individuals of color. How is a police
officer to determine status without detaining and questioning anyone who speaks,
looks or acts as if they might be from another nation?

For many years, Washington has failed to repair a broken immigration system, and
local police officers have been irresponsibly designated to pick up the slack.
By increasing our role in civil immigration action, state and local officers are
placed in the untenable position of potentially engaging in unconstitutional
racial profiling while attempting to maintain trust within the communities we
protect.

Today, as we celebrate the birth of our nation, it is important to note that the
foundation of our Republic is not based on the rule of the majority. Democracy
and those elected to serve must guard against the tyranny of the majority or of
mob rule and ensure the well-being of the downtrodden or underrepresented.

Requiring police agencies to engage in civil immigration activities diverts
critical resources away from our central responsibilities during a time of
budget cuts and staffing shortages. The Salt Lake County Jail releases, on
average, 900 criminal violators monthly due to overcrowding. Funding issues
prohibit utilization of existing bed space and the facility cannot meet current
demand. Detainees held for reasons of civil immigration status alone will
necessitate the release of an even larger number of criminals into our
neighborhoods.

Immigration issues instigate some of the most heated debate in the United States
today. Unfortunately, this deliberation has yet to include the voice of law
enforcement, whose job and mission are drastically impacted by immigration
policy. As the Police Foundation report recommends, the federal government needs
to pass comprehensive immigration reforms to truly fix the problem and relieve
the burden on state and local police. They also need to involve the perspective
of police in this upcoming debate.

Memorials and museums are erected in remembrance of those who died, but
additionally, and most importantly, to ensure that we do not repeat the mistakes
or misdoings of the past.

Chris Burbank is Salt Lake City's police chief.



LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Salt Lake City police chief Chris Burbank announces the discovery of
the body of Salt Lake City resident Deborah Marie Jones, 50, who was found in
her car in Branson, Missouri on Monday night. Jones who had complained that her
ex-boyfriend was harassing her, went missing last Thursday, one day after
speaking to police on the matter. Photo by Francisco Kjolseth/The Salt Lake
Tribune 4/22/2008

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2009 The Salt Lake Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              342 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                           February 7, 2013 Thursday

U.S. Department of Justice, Castlewood Treatment Center in Ballwin, Mo., settle
discrimination claim

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 494  words


An HIV-positive woman alleging disability discrimination will receive $115,000
as part of a settlement between the U.S. Department of Justice and Castlewood
Treatment Center.

The American Civil Liberties Union of Eastern Missouri represented Susan Gibson,
who sought treatment at the Ballwin-based center in November 2010 for a relapse
of anorexia. A former registered nurse, Gibson has had HIV since 1989.

"Excluding a person from necessary medical treatment because of HIV is
unconscionable, and it marginalizes those people with HIV," said Anthony
Rothert, legal director of the ACLU-EM. "And, frankly, a medical facility, if
anyone, should know better. "

Castlewood denies it discriminated against Gibson and disputes her damages,
according to the settlement agreement.

According to the agreement, Castlewood delayed Gibson's enrollment in the
program until May 2011 before the staff told Gibson the center would not take
her due to her HIV status. Throughout those months, Castlewood referred Gibson
to other facilities.

In July 2011, Castlewood offered to admit her to the program if she would agree
to have her blood drawn at a hospital. Gibson refused and was admitted to a
treatment center in California in August 2011.

The treatment center asserted that the July 2011 offer of admission would have
entitled Gibson "to full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities,
privileges, and accommodations offered by Castlewood," the settlement agreement
states.

In a statement, Gibson said: "The fright over the possibility of spreading HIV
has been over for more than a quarter of a century, and there is no excuse for
the ignorance and hysteria to continue. Common sense is generally all that is
needed to prevent the spread of HIV. "

She filed a complaint with the Justice Department's Office of Civil Rights,
which investigates Americans With Disabilities Act and public accommodations
claims. Gibson's claims were not filed in any court.

In addition to paying $115,000 to Gibson, the treatment center has agreed to pay
a $25,000 civil penalty to the federal government.

"The Department of Justice has told us that this is the largest amount that's
ever been paid to someone as part of an HIV-discrimination settlement and it's a
tie for the largest civil penalty that's been paid," Rothert said.

The civil penalty, he said, "will allow investigations like this to go forward.
"

Justice Department attorneys signed the settlement agreement Wednesday.

Nancy Albus, Castlewood's executive director, signed the settlement agreement on
Jan. 26. She did not immediately return a telephone call Wednesday seeking
comment.

The settlement also requires Castlewood to implement and post a written policy
stating it does not discriminate against people with disabilities, including
HIV, and to train its staff on complying with the ADA. The Justice Department
will monitor Castlewood for four years under the agreement.



© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              343 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Philadelphia Daily News

                            January 24, 2011 Monday
                                 FINAL Edition

Letters: Words have consequences

SECTION: EDITORIAL OPINION; P-com Opinion; Pg. 16

LENGTH: 304 words


IN SEPARATE opinion pieces, both Elmer Smith and Dom Giordano seem to
marginalize the epidemic emergence of the heated political rhetoric pervading
our media today.

This isn't so surprising, given that both authors, as members of the media,
benefit from the bombast; spewed vitriol makes good copy and better theater.

It's self-evident that words can't murder. But to suggest there's no correlation
between hate speech and violence is as ridiculous as it is irresponsible. Words
have always been the tinder for violence. Throughout history, man has conceived
epithets to rationalize violence against those dehumanized by the slurs.

Did the intolerant rhetoric and violent imagery emanating primarily from one
political pseudo-caucus murder six innocents in Tucson, Ariz.? Of course not.
But to suggest that hateful expression couldn't push a troubled individual over
the edge is to choose to live in delusion.

The First Amendment is not an absolute right. To quote Mr. Giordano: "The First
Amendment is not a 'Get out of jail free' card for those who are clearly
threatening." I'd submit to Mr. Giordano that if his name appeared on a website
within proximity to a sight-scope, he'd find that "clearly threatening."

Jim Zaremski, Mt. Laurel, N.J.Common sense, RIP From a DN story: "Williams and
her six children have been living at a traveler's shelter on 49th near Race
since September. She had nearly completed a 90-day program funded by the city to
help her with parenting skills."

Six children, and she's suppose to learn parenting skills?

Can someone please tell me why these children weren't taken away and put into a
safe and loving environment? Given a chance to grow up and live a normal life?

How many deaths of the innocent is it going to take before the so-called
caretakers start to use common sense?

Tom Woodruff, Oreland


LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2011 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              344 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            December 25, 2009 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

Smart Answers to Recidivism

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Editorial Desk; EDITORIAL; Pg. 30

LENGTH: 490 words


Faced with soaring prison costs, states are finally focusing on policies that
would help former prisoners stay out of jail after they are released. Some
legislatures are reshaping laws that land parolees back inside for technical
violations that should be dealt with on the outside. More than a dozen cities
and counties have taken steps that make it easier for qualified ex-offenders to
land government jobs, except in education and law enforcement and other
sensitive areas from which people with convictions are normally barred by law.

Still, the nation as a whole needs to do much more about laws that marginalize
former offenders -- and often drive them back to jail -- by denying them voting
rights, parental rights, drivers licenses and access to public housing, welfare
and food stamps, even in cases where they have led blameless lives after prison.

New Jersey -- a state with a terrible record of marginalizing former prisoners
-- could lead the way. Before the State Legislature in Trenton is a
comprehensive package of reforms that would help ex-offenders rejoin society's
mainstream and lower the chances, and costs, of recidivism.

New Jersey lawmakers heard some depressing testimony in hearings leading up to
the legislation. Deterred by barriers to jobs, housing and education, about
two-thirds of the people released from prison in New Jersey end up back inside
within three years. Since taxpayers spend about $48,000 per prison inmate per
year, by some estimates, the state could reap significant savings from even a
small decline in the return-to-prison rate.

The proposed reforms in New Jersey seek to end practices under which former
prisoners are denied employment because of minor convictions, even in the
distant past, and crimes that have nothing at all to do with the work being
sought.

No reasonable person would suggest that a sex offender be given a job in an
elementary school or day-care center. An ex-offender could not be disqualified
for employment unless the offense was directly related to the job. Job seekers
would no longer be required to disclose convictions on applications for state,
county or municipal jobs. The offenses could still be uncovered in background
checks, but they would no longer automatically rule out an applicant from the
start.

The bill would lift the state ban on food stamps and welfare benefits for people
with felony drug convictions and would expand education and training
opportunities for inmates. And it would end an odious practice under which the
prison system earns a profit by overcharging poor families for the collect calls
they receive from relatives inside a system. The added cost sometimes forces
families to choose between putting food on the table or letting a child speak to
an incarcerated parent.

The New Jersey Legislature has a chance to provide a new lease on life to
thousands of families while offering a model for the rest of the nation.

URL: http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Editorial

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2009 The New York Times Company


                              345 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 21, 2009 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: DAN GIANNINI, JOHNEY R. FRIAR, WILLIAM LOUGHNER, CINDY CORONA, KIM
PORTER, DAN HARDY; For the Journal-Constitution

SECTION: @ISSUE; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 792 words


'TEA PARTIES'

Don't create humor from your ignorance

Mike Luckovich's attempt to marginalize the future financial effect of what the
government does today leads me to believe that economics is not his cup of tea.
Voters who attended the event in Atlanta were there as individuals and families,
many with young and teenage children. They came together with a focus on the
future for our children, grandchildren and our country.

It is difficult enough for everyone to understand the debt responsibility
attached to every person in the U.S.A. It will place a drag on economic growth
and opportunity if government spending continues as it is proposed. In many
cases, the debt we will assume is for government spending we do not need. If you
don't understand the reason voters came together, please don't try to create
humor from your ignorance of the event.

DAN GIANNINI

Sandy Springs

Frisch's hatred for Fox News is abhorrent

I always enjoy the AJC's technique of allowing two people on opposite sides to
opine on an issue. However, every now and then one party in this endeavor strays
from the task. Such was Karl Frisch in his column about whether the tea parties
are a grass-roots movement ("This isn't the voice of the people; this is the
voice of Fox News," @issue, April 15). His entire opinion column, every
paragraph, was nothing but how much he hates, and I mean really hates, Fox News.

I would have preferred a rigorous defense as to why he feels trillions of
dollars of deficit spending is a good thing, thus countering the tea parties'
argument that it's a bad thing.

JOHNEY R. FRIAR

Auburn

Debt outcry echoes through the decades

Dick Armey wrote in the AJC: "The debt burden will be borne by young Americans
and future generations" ("We conservatives have decided to take our grievances
to the streets," @issue, April 15). It's counter-intuitive, but I wonder if this
is really so.

My grandparents were told this during the Depression, my parents heard it in the
'50s and I've heard it all my life. And I'm now on Social Security. So when
exactly will this burden be borne? I mean, aren't we still paying interest on
the money Lincoln borrowed to support his military efforts and that JFK borrowed
to send us to the moon? It would appear we can borrow (and pay interest)
forever.

WILLIAM LOUGHNER

Athens

People concerned about tax money

I read with interest the debate of "Tea parties': The next grass-roots
movement?" (@issue, April 15.) Karl Frisch's response was a resounding no, with
the claim that the movement was a platform of Fox News and astroturfing (meaning
to mimic a grass-roots movement). I assure you that is not the case. People are
concerned about the amount of tax money being spent in stimulus packages and the
increased deficit. This using credit to increase spending is what created the
economic disaster in the first place. This is not a political agenda. It is a
call to attention by people of all political parties and walks of life for our
politicians to take note: We are concerned!

The thousands of people who have attended the tea parties were not paid, were
not given food, and were not bused by a "group." These people took time from
their lives, printed up their signs and went to voice their opinion. Please do
not demean their time and effort. My next vote will not be based on political
party but on the politician who heard the outcry: Stop spending! Stop creating a
larger tax burden for the future!

CINDY CORONA

Woodstock

U.S. lovers don't want to sip tea with you

The Republican machine is at work once again. They're crying for relief from
paying taxes. Taxes are a necessary part of America. Without them, schools,
highways and wars would falter. The middle class has paid your taxes for the
past 12 years. Over the past eight years, where were you people when George Bush
signed legislation that increased our government in all areas except when it
came to feeding the poor? What's even more interesting is that government growth
expanded more than any time in recent history. I know where you were ... out on
the veranda sipping tea, and laughing at the middle class.

We see now that Reagan's economic trickle-down theory was a hoax; the only thing
that trickled down was more taxes onto the middle class and a decrease in wage
earning. Nobody who loves America wants to drink tea with you. We got wise.

KIM PORTER

Lawrenceville

Morici's column should be reprinted

The opinion column by Peter Morici was the best description of what has happened
in all of this bailout ("Trickle down: Retirees on losing end of bank bailout,"
@issue, April 16). It would do the AJC well to reprint this opinion column on
your front page for all to read. I believe we would all have a better
understanding of what is happening.

DAN HARDY

Sandy Springs

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              346 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Sunday News (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                            January 22, 2006 Sunday

Cooperate, and be patient;
Christopher Leinberger will talk urban rebirth in a lecture here Monday.

BYLINE: Michael Schwartz

SECTION: B; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 393  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


Christopher Leinberger does not believe in "magic bullets."

He finds tremendous practical use in a particular ultimatum, though.

"There are only two choices. Either everyone drives everywhere, and you build
low-density suburban sprawl, or you build high-density walkable urbanity with
cars, trains, buses, bicycles and, of course, walking."

The Brookings Institution fellow and University of Michigan professor is an
expert on urban revitalization and development and will speak at 6 p.m. Monday
at Liberty Place, 313 W. Liberty St. The lecture is sponsored by the Hourglass
Foundation.

While Leinberger respects the desire of people to live in the suburbs, he points
out that exclusive suburban development effectively marginalizes one-third of
society.

"The old, the young, the poor and the handicapped become dependent on those who
can drive," he said.

For a city to rise from a moribund state, a broad base of public and private
interests must cooperate and be patient, willing to wait years for demonstrable
improvements.

In several papers Leinberger has authored on the topic, he points to
consistencies among successful urban rebirths.

"First, the intention has to be there. If there's no intention [to change the
status quo], there's no point.

"Walkable urbanity requires retail, housing, stadiums, art galleries, movie
theaters, restaurants ... developed in a pedestrian-friendly manner."

Visitors must, according to Leinberger, have enough to do to entertain them for
four to six hours, a requirement he calls "critical mass."

Without that, "initial revitalization efforts stall for lack of support."

Leinberger, who has family in the area and received his undergraduate degree
from Swarthmore College, thinks Lancaster has the proper mix and is an example
of a larger trend.

"There is a demand for vital downtowns from two key demographics: baby-boomer
empty nesters tired of mowing their lawns and [young professionals].

"Look at the TV shows that were popular when I was young: 'Leave It To Beaver,'
and 'The Brady Bunch' were set in suburbia, and more recently, with shows like
'Seinfeld' and 'Friends' " you see the opposite.

"Hollywood does more market research than any other industry, and these aren't
coincidences," he said.

For more information on, or to register for, Leinberger's lecture, call the
Hourglass Foundation at 295-0755.

Please see URBAN, page B4

LOAD-DATE: May 25, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2006 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              347 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Rethinking the value of final exams; Reformers want to do away with them;
critics say shielding kids from stress is wrong

BYLINE: Joseph Brean, National Post

SECTION: CANADA &; WORLD; Pg. B1

LENGTH: 1037 words

DATELINE: TORONTO


Exam season - that annual academic ritual of lastditch, high-stress cramming -
is upon the students of Canada. But as two major universities, York and Toronto,
head into finals after prolonged teacher strikes, some students are fretting
about a different sort of stress: the possible cancellation of this year's big
tests.

That would mean no risk of choking on exam day, but also no chance to bump up
final grades. Either way, it would put any students spared final tests at the
leading edge of a movement on campuses, at high schools, even elementary
schools: the decline of the exam.

For all the energy and attention they demand, educators are pushing to
marginalize exams. These are not just dying out as an irrelevance, like the
slide rule. They are being killed off as an affront to human nature and dignity,
like the strap.

"We are in the midst of an educational revolution," said Stuart Shanker,
distinguished research professor of philosophy and psychology at York University
and a leading figure in educational reform. "Everything's going to change now."

Alberta is a leader in this, deciding this month to give less weight to
standardized highschool exams and more to daily work. Ontario is following, with
a pilot project for a new model of evaluation informed by the view high-stress
exams give a false picture of a student's abilities.

In the United States, Florida just eliminated a major Grade 11 exam on the
grounds there are "too many tests." Colorado, Washington, Arizona and others are
making similar moves. New York's mayor wants to relax admissions standards at
specialist public high schools, mainly to take the weight off a major exam that
favours students who can afford to hire tutors.

And U.S. law schools are looking at ways to reduce increasing failures in bar
admissions exams, in some cases letting students skip them entirely. Driven by
recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and attention, the
target of this revolution - the statue to be symbolically toppled - is not the
pop quiz or the end-of-chapter recap test, but the high-stakes, all-or-nothing,
pencil-chewing, hair-twisting final exam.

Even China is trying to lessen student workloads. In India, which like other
Asian countries still generally hews to the model of do-or-die exams and where
parents were photographed last month scaling the wall of a school to slip cheat
sheets to their children taking an exam inside, Prime Minister Narendra Modi
recently told high-school students these exams "are not the end of your life."

But there's the rub: they seem that way. "It is difficult to communicate the
pain, suffering and misery suffered by high-testanxious subjects before, during,
and after major evaluative experiences," wrote Moshe Zeidner, an education
professor at University of Haifa, Israel, in his 1998 book Test Anxiety.

It was part of a surge of interest in testing as enrolment rose and schools were
revamped under progressive ideologies. But where teachers and parents might once
have emphasized preparation to overcome exam anxiety, now the goal is to
alleviate distress as much as possible by cutting exams or downplaying their
importance.

Critics decry this apparent Montessorification of higher education. They argue
ditching exams simply coddles immature students who would benefit from a bit of
temporary pressure to prepare for the real world.

"Sometimes I wonder who they are trying to make it easier on," said Doretta
Wilson, executive director of the Society for Quality Education, an advocacy
group that opposes the "fads" of "progressivism" in teaching strategies.

She said the anti-exam ideology grew out of the "self-esteem" movement in
education, in which failure is to be avoided at all costs, even when it is
deserved.

"We are now reaping the consequences of that emphasis," she said. "We've not
trained our kids to deal with that kind of stress ... We've done a generation of
kids a disservice by giving them so much self-esteem that they can't deal with
failure."

Once a place for elite competition among the best and brightest, university
education now resembles inner-tube water polo, where the emphasis is on
participation and everybody gets a medal, said Ken Coates, Canada research chair
in regional innovation at the University of Saskatchewan and co-author of Campus
Confidential, which criticizes declining university standards. "Employers used
to know that if you graduated university, then you had achieved certain things,"
he said. Allowing students to skip exams is "taking away a key element of a
university degree. People have forgotten at great detriment that the writing of
a test is a valuable skill in its own right."

There is evidence, however, the slow death of exams is not simply a sympathetic
response to quivering students, but to new science around cognition, which
suggests the traditional highstress, all-or-nothing final exam may not be an
accurate measure of learning.

"There is a time and a place for diagnostics, but a sole reliance on them does
not seem wise to me," said Sian Beilock, a neuroscientist who heads the Human
Performance Lab at the University of Chicago and researches cognitive
performance under pressure.

Stressful exams "rob us of our limited ability to pay attention to what we need
to," she said. It is comparable to why driving and talking on a cellphone is so
bad; the worries associated with performance under pressure "soak up the
resources that we could be using to focus on a test."

"Ironically, those most likely to fail in demanding situations are those who, in
the absence of pressure, have the greatest capacity for success," Beilock said
in a research paper, Math Performance In Stressful Situations, published in 2008
in Current Directions in Psychological Science.

Shanker believes students should still be tested, but must also learn to
"effectively and efficiently cope with stress and then recover from that effort.
If the recovery is constrained, then the kid can't think well, can't write
well," he said.

The proper response to this problem is not to tell students to suck it up, but
to rethink how exams are given in the first place. Or whether to give them at
all. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Fred Dufour, AFP, Getty Images; For some educators, exams are an
increasingly irrelevant way to test a student's knowledge, suggesting that
day-to-day school work should carry more weight.; Ben Nelms, The Windsor Star;
Recent scientific insights into stress, cognition, memory and attention suggest
the pressure of do-or-die exams is counterproductive.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Vancouver Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              348 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                              June 27, 2011 Monday
                                 Final Edition

City needs immediate corrective measures

BYLINE: Kevin And Shirley Campbell, Vancouver Sun

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 204  words


Re: Riot a black eye, Column, June 21 Stephen Hume's opinion piece that compares
swift reactions to Vancouver's recent hockey riot with the ongoing plight of
Vancouver's Downtown Eastside is noteworthy. Since we live in the rural Township
of Spallumcheen, we wonder why, having so many "black eyes" in its neglect of
the Downtown Eastside, Vancouver is not already legally blind.

A society such as Vancouver which marginalizes its own citizens into poverty,
poor health, including disability and mental health issues, food insecurity and
homelessness should take immediate corrective measures.

Canada, perhaps, is not the model we think it is. A short trip to Europe -for
example, the hockey-playing countries of Scandinavia (take your pick of Norway,
Sweden, Denmark and even Finland) -can show us how they look after their own
people's welfare. Perhaps we can figure out, particularly in British Columbia,
how Vancouver taxpayers can redirect the estimated $51.4 million they pay as the
cost of homelessness: hospital, ambulance, policing, emergency shelter and food
aid. An amount of $51.4 million spent on housing, food, job training, and social
relationships could be a viable alternative.

Kevin and Shirley Campbell

Armstrong

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Gerry Kahrmann,  PNG; Gerry Kahrmann -PNG Canucks fans turn over a
police car during a riot after the Vancouver Canucks lost to the Boston Bruins
on June 15. Many readers say it is time to move on, with a caring and
responsible response to the victims of the violence.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2011 The Vancouver Sun, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              349 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             April 26, 2015 Sunday

What if women decided?

BYLINE: Frank Denton

SECTION: Frank Denton; Pg. F-1

LENGTH: 1464 words


The leadership of the new Jacksonville will be more female.

A truly great city cannot marginalize half its assets in this day and age, and
it's not just a matter of demographics. It's also the culture, the psychology
and even the biology of the gender.

Yet on the front page last week, you read Richard Webner's story and Steve
Nelson's graphic showing that women hold only 9.7 percent of board of director
seats on Jacksonville's publicly traded companies - half the national average,
which itself is low enough.

You can see it in our governance as well. Only three of the 19 City Council
members are women (compared to 10 in 1999). We've never had a female mayor (or
governor, for that matter, or president). Duval's legislative delegation is more
balanced, with three women among the eight legislators, but Corrine Brown is the
only woman representing Northeast Florida in Congress.

Women increasingly are standing out as leaders of arts, cultural and other
nonprofit organizations and foundations - harbingers for the new Jacksonville.

Who cares? Wasn't the women's movement about gender neutrality in work,
leadership and other opportunities?

Yes, but that doesn't require disregard for understanding and appreciating - and
leveraging - the legitimate differences between men and woman. Now, before you
dash down to my email address and phone number at the end of this column, let me
quickly acknowledge that we're generalizing about entire genders, and yes, there
are many exceptions, and everyone is unique.

But see if you can't identify with a large, rich body of research showing that
men and women tend to be very different in ways other than the obvious ones, and
ask yourself what these combined assets will mean for the new Jacksonville.

In the journal Corporate Governance in 2009, Siri Terjesen and co-authors
reviewed more than 400 published studies across a number of academic fields on
women on corporate boards and found gender diversity "contributes to more
effective corporate governance" and to "important firm level outcomes."

The meta-analysis cited studies showing:

- Boards with three or more women are significantly different from all-male
boards, with more accountability, more effective communication and greater
emphasis on such non-financial aspects as customer and employee satisfaction,
innovation and corporate social responsibility.

- Women bring a different voice and "lighten up the boardroom atmosphere," and
their presence "leads to more civilized behavior and sensitivity to other
perspectives."

- "Men are inclined to have very political behavior that is tempered when women
are present, partly because women want to get on with the task in hand rather
than 'play games.' "

- "Women are likely to take the role seriously, preparing conscientiously for
meetings ... Women directors also frequently ask questions, meaning that
decisions are less likely to be nodded through."

Not convinced?

- Laura Cray, a researcher at the University of California, Berkeley, told NPR
she found in a psychological study that men tend to apply ethical principles
"egocentrically," that is, favoring however it affects them, while women are
more likely to see ethical decisions as ethical decisions.

- University of Pennsylvania neuroscientists found that men's and women's brains
are wired differently, probably related to their roles and responsibilities
throughout evolution. "Men ... have better motor and spatial abilities than
women, and more (singularly focused) patterns of thought," The Economist wrote.
"Women have better memories, are more socially adept and are better at dealing
with several things at once."

- The Week magazine reported studies showing that, "regardless of party
affiliation, female legislators are more likely than men to cite the needs of
the poor, the sick, the elderly, and children as priorities. But other research
suggests that it takes a critical mass of female lawmakers to significantly
reshape policy."

Other studies have found that these differences show up on the bottom line.

Catalyst, which advocates opportunities for women and business, examined Fortune
500 companies in 2001-4 and concluded that those "with the highest
representation of women board directors attained significantly higher financial
performance, on average, that those with the lowest representation of women
board directors."

Credit Suisse Research Institute's 2012 study of 2,360 large companies found
that those with female board members outperformed comparable businesses with
all-male boards by 26 percent worldwide over six years.

"Companies with women on boards really outperformed when the downturn came
through in 2008," Mary Curtis, director of thematic equity research at Credit
Suisse and an author of the report, told Bloomberg Business. "Stocks of
companies with women on boards tend to be a little more risk averse and have on
average a little less debt, which seems to be one of the key reasons why they've
outperformed so strongly in this particular period."

Net income growth for companies with women on their boards averaged 14 percent
over the previous six years, compared with 10 percent for those with no female
director, according to the Credit Suisse study.

And if money isn't your top priority, University of Pennsylvania business
professor Adam Grant wrote in The New York Times that the mere presence of
female family members can change men's behavior, making them more philanthropic
and generous, for example. "Daughters apparently soften fathers and evoke more
caretaking tendencies," he wrote. "The speculation is that as we brush our
daughters' hair and take them to dance classes, we become gentler, more
empathetic and more other-oriented. There are even studies showing that American
legislators with daughters vote more liberally. ...

"We recognize the direct advantages that women as leaders bring to the table,
which often include diverse perspectives, collaborative styles, dedication to
mentoring and keen understanding of female employees and customers. But we've
largely overlooked the beneficial effects that women have on the men around
them. Is it possible that when women join top management teams, they encourage
male colleagues to treat employees more generously and to share knowledge more
freely? Increase in motivation, cooperation and innovation in companies may be
fueled not only by the direct actions of female leaders, but also by their
influence on male leaders."

If you're a man reading all this and you're rolling your eyes, ask a woman who
has worked in leadership.

I asked three, and they could have finished each other's sentences.

Carol Thompson, the retired Baptist Health executive vice president who was one
of the organizers of the Nine in 15 effort to get women to run for City Council,
said, "In general, women tend to listen more before they act. We tend a bit more
toward building consensus - the goal is to solve the problem rather than get
credit.

"Women focus more on family issues, men more on financial issues. They make a
good team. It's not an either/or; it's all together. The parts make a better
whole."

Scott McGehee, a woman for whom I worked 40 years ago, retired as a newspaper
publisher and now lives in Ponte Vedra Beach. "It's become a cliché, but I find
women are more collaborative, quicker to share and give credit, not combative
even when competitive. But it's important to recognize women can have a variety
of management styles, just as men can."

State Rep. Janet Adkins, R-Fernandina Beach, said men and women may attack
problems differently. "My approach is, when there's disagreement, ask the other
party what their concerns are, how do they see the problem, what is their
perspective, find a middle ground on a bill, find a way to address their concern
and still accomplish my goal.

"At the end of the day, what people want are problem solvers. They want people
who will collaborate and work with all sides to reach a solution. The public has
very little patience for grandstanding and egos, and they shouldn't. Whether
it's service on board or serving in the Legislature, people place their trust in
you to do a job, to accomplish a task, and I believe very strongly in protecting
that trust. It's not about ego and not about you. It's about getting the job
done."

So if women were a majority on City Council or in Congress, might those bodies
be more effective?

"I can't say definitively," Thompson said. "I do think if there were more women,
there is certainly a possibility that people would be driven more toward
consensus and less toward partisan politics. Having more women at the table
gives more opportunity for that to happen."

And Rep. Adkins, if the Legislature were majority female, do you think it would
be more effective?

"I do."

frank.denton@jacksonville.com, (904) 359-4197

LOAD-DATE: May 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 The Florida Times-Union


                              350 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             January 6, 2013 Sunday

Jan. 7 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters from our readers Contra Costa Times © Copyright 2012, Bay Area
News Group

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 670 words


Unprecedented lows of the GOP

During the past four years, Republicans stooped to unprecedented lows to
marginalize respect, cooperation and compromise.

Gov. Mitt Romney's odious belief that 47 percent of our electorate is irrelevant
is indescribably unpatriotic.

Defeated Congressmen Joe Walsh and Allen West spewed endless streams of hate
targeting Americans who dared disagree with them. The reproductive ignorance and
religious fanaticism of senatorial candidates Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin
damaged Republicans nationally.

Republicans shamelessly displayed President Barack Obama's picture defaced with
a Hitler mustache. Is there one Republican who will publicly defend such
insanity?

A significant number of Republicans steadfastly peddle the nonsense that Obama
isn't an American. If they really had the courage of their conviction, they
would have appealed that constitutional question to the conservative-minded
Supreme Court.

Republicans' attempt to steal the presidency through voter suppression was
defiantly un-American. After the Republican-controlled Pennsylvania Legislature
passed a strict voter-ID law, its House Majority Leader Mike Turzai boasted the
law would "allow Romney to win Pennsylvania." Fortunately, a state judge
thwarted the planned theft.

It was sweet poetic justice to watch Republicans, who cower at the feet of
Grover Norquist, self-destruct in 2012.

Ronald Entwistle

San Pablo

Need to protect our students

I have read many letters in the Times criticizing the NRA's suggestion that
police be placed in our schools to protect the students.

I just talked to one of my daughters living in a Phoenix suburb who said that
police have been in all of the schools in her area for more than 10 years. She
also said that they should be there to protect our most valued asset.

If, however, you don't consider your children a valuable asset, then don't try
to protect them.

Don Crook

Fremont

Talk-radio clowns' only goal is ratings

Following President Barack Obama's victory in November, some letter writers and
bloggers immediately proclaimed that Obama had secret plans to confiscate
everyone's firearms, set up concentration camps for conservatives, shut down
talk-radio stations, establish a one-man dictatorship and force everyone to
submit to Islamic law.

Interestingly, no evidence was ever presented to back up any of these goofy
claims.

Common sense tells us (or it should) that if the president had any intention of
implementing any of that stuff, he wouldn't have sat around and waited four
years to get started on it. After all, in 2010 and 2011, Obama's chances of
re-election looked pretty dismal.

The talk-radio clowns perpetuating this nonsense don't even believe it
themselves. But they know what will jack up their ratings. They also know that
thousands of Obama-hating, gun-obsessed people who don't have all their oars in
the water will automatically accept this nonsense as gospel truth.

That, in itself, speaks volumes on the gullibility of many American citizens.

James Snyder

Benicia

Any gun legislation must be tempered

Without any doubt, banning assault weapons won't curtail the gun violence around
us to any meaningful extent. Equally certain, it is powerfully evident that
their ownership must be prohibited.

The turmoil this discussion generates poorly camouflages the truth: Our attempts
to bolster and refine gun regulations are testimony to our desire to seize an
easy and, ultimately, useless response to a problem we don't have the courage to
face.

Assault weapons must be banned. However, any legislation we create must not
merely serve the law, it must adhere to the intent of the law, which is greater.
It must be an enduring monument to our redoubled efforts to work together for
the well-being of all of us, to understand ourselves as well as one another and
to continue toward achievement of fairness wherever we may find ourselves.

This must also be a monument to the hope that when we encounter injustice, we
have the wisdom and courage to stand together against it.

Will Emes

Benicia

LOAD-DATE: January 7, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              351 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             January 6, 2013 Sunday

Jan. 7 letters to the editor

BYLINE: Letters from our readers Contra Costa Times © Copyright 2012, Bay Area
News Group

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 670 words


Unprecedented lows of the GOP

During the past four years, Republicans stooped to unprecedented lows to
marginalize respect, cooperation and compromise.

Gov. Mitt Romney's odious belief that 47 percent of our electorate is irrelevant
is indescribably unpatriotic.

Defeated Congressmen Joe Walsh and Allen West spewed endless streams of hate
targeting Americans who dared disagree with them. The reproductive ignorance and
religious fanaticism of senatorial candidates Richard Mourdock and Todd Akin
damaged Republicans nationally.

Republicans shamelessly displayed President Barack Obama's picture defaced with
a Hitler mustache. Is there one Republican who will publicly defend such
insanity?

A significant number of Republicans steadfastly peddle the nonsense that Obama
isn't an American. If they really had the courage of their conviction, they
would have appealed that constitutional question to the conservative-minded
Supreme Court.

Republicans' attempt to steal the presidency through voter suppression was
defiantly un-American. After the Republican-controlled Pennsylvania Legislature
passed a strict voter-ID law, its House Majority Leader Mike Turzai boasted the
law would "allow Romney to win Pennsylvania." Fortunately, a state judge
thwarted the planned theft.

It was sweet poetic justice to watch Republicans, who cower at the feet of
Grover Norquist, self-destruct in 2012.

Ronald Entwistle

San Pablo

Need to protect our students

I have read many letters in the Times criticizing the NRA's suggestion that
police be placed in our schools to protect the students.

I just talked to one of my daughters living in a Phoenix suburb who said that
police have been in all of the schools in her area for more than 10 years. She
also said that they should be there to protect our most valued asset.

If, however, you don't consider your children a valuable asset, then don't try
to protect them.

Don Crook

Fremont

Talk-radio clowns' only goal is ratings

Following President Barack Obama's victory in November, some letter writers and
bloggers immediately proclaimed that Obama had secret plans to confiscate
everyone's firearms, set up concentration camps for conservatives, shut down
talk-radio stations, establish a one-man dictatorship and force everyone to
submit to Islamic law.

Interestingly, no evidence was ever presented to back up any of these goofy
claims.

Common sense tells us (or it should) that if the president had any intention of
implementing any of that stuff, he wouldn't have sat around and waited four
years to get started on it. After all, in 2010 and 2011, Obama's chances of
re-election looked pretty dismal.

The talk-radio clowns perpetuating this nonsense don't even believe it
themselves. But they know what will jack up their ratings. They also know that
thousands of Obama-hating, gun-obsessed people who don't have all their oars in
the water will automatically accept this nonsense as gospel truth.

That, in itself, speaks volumes on the gullibility of many American citizens.

James Snyder

Benicia

Any gun legislation must be tempered

Without any doubt, banning assault weapons won't curtail the gun violence around
us to any meaningful extent. Equally certain, it is powerfully evident that
their ownership must be prohibited.

The turmoil this discussion generates poorly camouflages the truth: Our attempts
to bolster and refine gun regulations are testimony to our desire to seize an
easy and, ultimately, useless response to a problem we don't have the courage to
face.

Assault weapons must be banned. However, any legislation we create must not
merely serve the law, it must adhere to the intent of the law, which is greater.
It must be an enduring monument to our redoubled efforts to work together for
the well-being of all of us, to understand ourselves as well as one another and
to continue toward achievement of fairness wherever we may find ourselves.

This must also be a monument to the hope that when we encounter injustice, we
have the wisdom and courage to stand together against it.

Will Emes

Benicia

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              352 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 28, 2011 Sunday
                                Regional Edition

Alabama's travesty

BYLINE: Editorial

SECTION: EDITORIAL COPY; Pg. A18

LENGTH: 555 words


YOU'D THINK that Alabama, crucible of the civil rights movement, would be wary
of enacting legislation whose effect is to marginalize, ostracize and demonize
people based on their ethnic or racial origin. But notwithstanding official
protestations from Montgomery, that's exactly what is likely to happen starting
next Thursday when the state's poisonous law targeting illegal immigrants takes
effect.

As described by Micky Hammon, Republican majority leader of the state's House of
Representatives and the measure's chief sponsor, the legislation was patterned
after a similar bill in Arizona - but with "an Alabama flavor." Part of that
"flavor," as Mr. Hammon explains it in a video available on YouTube, involves
requiring residents to produce IDs to establish their immigration status in
"every aspect of a person's life."

The immediate effect of the law will be to intensify the harassment and
beleaguered conditions under which Hispanics in Alabama - legal as well as
illegal - live their daily lives. In addition to the state's legal Hispanic
residents, an estimated 120,000 illegal immigrants are in Alabama, drawn there
for the most part by jobs that locals  have not wanted.

As it is, many Hispanics, particularly the working poor, face overt racism and
discrimination, as documented in a report two years ago by the Southern Poverty
Law Center called "Under Siege: Life for Low-Income Latinos in the South."One
example in the SPLC report cited data furnished by the town of Albertville, in
northern Alabama, where 73 percent of the vehicles seized and impounded as a
result of roadblocks were taken from drivers with Latino surnames, even though
just 16 percent of the town's population in the town is Hispanic.

In addition, the new law criminalizes ordinary transactions and even casual
interactions with illegal immigrants, making it illegal to rent property,
conduct any sort of business or enter into any kind of contract with
undocumented residents. Landlords would be turned into immigration agents,
forced to check identity papers - even though they lack the expertise to do so -
or risk facing criminal charges.

The law would also penalize people who knowingly harbor or give transport to
illegal immigrants, a provision that many religious officials say would
criminalize churches that heed what they believe is the Biblical obligation to
feed, clothe and shelter the needy.

Perhaps the most obnoxious provision of the law is its requirement that public
schools confirm all students' immigration status and report those who lack
proper documents to school officials. State lawmakers and Alabama Attorney
General Luther Strange insist this would not interfere with the education of
undocumented students, whose right to attend public schools was affirmed by the
Supreme Court almost 30 years ago. But whom are they kidding? The measure is
meant to frighten youngsters and their parents and will have precisely that
effect.

The Obama administration has joined civil rights and church groups in
challenging the law's constitutionality. No matter how the court case comes out,
the law is likely to have the intended effect of scaring tens of thousands of
undocumented residents - and the unintended one of cementing Alabama's
reputation as a state where the Rev. Martin Luther King Jr.'s work is
unfinished.

LOAD-DATE: August 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2011 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              353 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      The Free Press (Mankato, Minnesota)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                              May 20, 2011 Friday

Prayer riles Minnesota House

BYLINE: Mark Fischenich, The Free Press, Mankato, Minn.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 717 words


May 20--MANKATO -- A controversial talk-radio evangelist, who has equated
homosexuals with predators and molesters, was allowed to offer the opening
prayer of Friday's session of the Minnesota House of Representatives.

The prayer by Bradlee Dean, which seemed to suggest that President Barack Obama
doesn't believe in Jesus Christ, created a firestorm for House Republicans and
prompted a Gustie response.

First, Rev. Grady St. Dennis -- the regular House chaplain and Gustavus Adolphus
College's director of church relations -- was sent to the podium a few minutes
after Dean to offer a sort of do-over of the opening prayer. Then Rep. Terry
Morrow, a Gustavus communications professor, communicated his Democratic
colleagues' dismay at the initial choice for the day's chaplain.

"... Part of the explanation for starting our sessions with a prayer was that
those prayers would never exclude, never marginalize a Minnesotan on the basis
of their faith, on the basis of their beliefs, on the basis of who they are, and
those expectations have been crushed today," said Morrow, a member of the House
Democratic leadership.

Morrow said he knew little of Dean's incendiary history when he stood up to
speak, basing his objection on the pastor's words. Dean, wearing a track suit
and a long pony-tail, left out any reference to homosexuality in his prayer.

But he violated a House custom of saying an opening prayer that is broadly
spiritual without favoring specific faiths. Dean talked of the "head" of all
denominations, "his name is Jesus."

Then he added: "As every president up until 2008 has acknowledged."

Morrow said Dean's prayer effectively demolished one of the few moments when
Republicans and Democrats set their differences aside "to contemplate together,
to come together, before the heated battle of what can sometimes be partisan
politics."

Afterward, he pointed specifically at the Obama remark.

"I think he was clearly implying falsely that President Obama is not a
Christian," Morrow said.

Other House Democrats, including two openly gay members, were more focused on
Dean's past comments -- including, in the midst of a radio conversation about
homosexuals, that "they molest 117 people on average before they're found out."

"In my 30 years in the House, I have never seen such a hateful person be allowed
to deliver the opening prayer," Rep. Karen Clark of Minneapolis said. "... The
Republican leadership should be ashamed of themselves."

In fact, House Speaker Kurt Zellers profusely apologized for allowing Dean to
speak and stated that Dean is "a man I personally denounce." Zellers said he
knew nothing about Dean's background.

Dean was suggested as a guest chaplain by Rep. Ernie Leidiger, R-Mayer. A
freshman, Leidiger later called the invitation a "mistake" and said he knew
little about Dean's ministry when a constituent suggested he'd be a good guest
chaplain.

Morrow, who approached Zellers immediately after the prayer, said the speaker
seemed genuinely surprised by what had happened at the podium.

Rep. Tony Cornish, R-Good Thunder, said it's inevitable that some people will
suspect Dean was purposely selected as a precursor to an expected debate over a
proposed constitutional amendment to ban gay marriage. Cornish said it isn't
logical to think the legislative leadership would want to stir up emotions in
that way, particularly as it faces a Monday adjournment with little progress
made in fixing a $5 billion budget shortfall.

"The last thing we want is a huge conspiracy," he said. "We've had enough of
that."

As for St. Dennis, the regular House chaplain who was asked to re-do the prayer,
he stepped to the podium wearing a black jacket and shirt with a white collar.

"In this time of words and activities and many distractions, we thank you for
this time to center ourselves," St. Dennis began. "... We thank you for the
patience that we have with each other and that you have with us. ... We are
grateful for all your blessings. Amen."

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.mankatofreepress.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Press, Mankato,
Minn. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more
information about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information
Services (MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110520-FP-Prayer-riles-Minnesota-House-0520-20110520

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: FP


                         Copyright 2011 The Free Press


                              354 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                   September 23, 2003 Tuesday FINAL C Edition

'Wrecking ball' hangs over coastal mills, forest companies say

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Gordon Hamilton

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 843 words

Coastal forest companies have asked the Labour Relations Board to intervene in
their dispute with 12,000 forest workers after the Industrial, Wood & Allied
Workers Union issued 72-hour strike notice Monday.

The strike notice pushes the fragile coastal industry one step closer to a
complete shutdown as early as Thursday.

With 5,000 workers laid off and countless others working at operations at which
some production has been curtailed, the strike threat is a wrecking ball that
could destroy what remains of the industry, said Terry Lineker, president of
Forest Industrial Relations, the bargaining agency for the coastal industry.

The coastal industry is in a well-documented decline as a result of softwood
tariffs, lost markets in Japan, high operating costs at home and a lack of
investment by companies.

Industry consultant Russ Taylor said if the union goes on strike, it will
marginalize the industry, damaging it even further in international markets.

"The B.C. coast is one of the highest-cost producing regions in the world," he
said. "The strengthening Canadian dollar has only made it worse. The coast has
been in dire straits for seven or eight years, and now we are telling the rest
of the world we are prepared to go on strike to see that our workers get what
they need."

When it is operating at capacity, the industry contributes $4 billion in wages
and benefits and $2 billion in tax revenues to the B.C. economy. However, about
70 per cent of the industry has been either down or curtailed for the past year.

IWA president Dave Haggard has acknowledged the union and the companies must
work out a restructuring plan but said the companies walked out of negotiations
and went to the LRB, forcing the union's hand. He called the LRB application
"delaying tactics."

"If they would just come to the bargaining table where we could try to sort out
all the problems facing our bloody industry, things would be a hell of a lot
better of than this. We found ourselves with no choice but to serve them with
strike notice. They left negotiations and ran off to the board.

"I am not going to spend millions of dollars fighting them at the board," said
Haggard. "Sooner or later you sit down and bargain an agreement and that's what
we want to do, bargain an agreement. We have said all along we will sit down and
address their cost concerns but they need to address our concerns too."

FIR says costs on the coast are 70 per cent higher than those in the U.S.
Pacific Northwest and cost reductions are needed.

"The coastal industry that could once accommodate high costs is dead and has
been knocked off its foundations," Lineker said.

However, a crack appeared in FIR's stand when one member, Doman Industries Ltd.,
said it will do what's in its best interests should a strike be called.

President Rick Doman said he does not want to see his company behind picket
lines over issues that do not affect it. He said Doman has trimmed costs by
working with its union. Also, the company is under creditor protection and is
not making regular payments on its $913 million debt.

"If a strike comes, I will ask my board how to deal with it," Doman said.

The LRB has told both sides it will rule before Thursday on FIR's application
for a cease-and-desist order against the union. FIR, which represents 61 coastal
employers, asked the board to prohibit the strike notice until it has had a
chance to hear a company charge that the union has bargained in bad faith.

FIR is basing its claim on an LRB requirement that all parties consider economic
viability. FIR walked away from negotiations last month but says it wants to
return with an agenda that considers the troubled state of the coastal industry.

The companies want to cut costs, saying the wages and packages benefit the IWA
now has comes to $45 a hour.

Duncan Davies, president of Interfor, said last week the issue is not that the
companies want to take some of that back but they want to address how it
translates into unit-costs. For example the companies are seeking changes that
will give them more flexibility to operate sawmills 24 hours a day, seven days a
week.

The IWA says it will only negotiate an agreement that is patterned on other
agreements in the rest of the province.

The union is seeking aid for its pension plan, which needs a cash injection, and
greater security for workers, which translates into increased severance pay for
those facing layoff.

With both sides saying they want to get back to the bargaining table, the
immediate issue is how to do so.

The companies are relying on the LRB.

Haggard is facing revolt from some members of his union, who protested outside
the union's annual convention Monday in Kelowna. He said the companies demand
concessions while behind him, some workers are saying they want more.

About 40 Kelowna members called for Haggard's resignation, angry his own salary
rose while they are getting no wage increases.

Haggard said he has no intention of leaving his post.

ghamilton@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              355 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Vancouver Sun (British Columbia)

                    September 23, 2003 Tuesday Final Edition

Forest firms look to LRB to quash strike notice

SOURCE: Vancouver Sun

BYLINE: Gordon Hamilton

SECTION: News; Pg. A1

LENGTH: 844 words

Coastal forest companies have asked the Labour Relations Board to intervene in
their dispute with 12,000 forest workers after the Industrial, Wood & Allied
Workers Union issued 72-hour strike notice Monday.

The strike notice pushes the fragile coastal industry one step closer to a
complete shutdown as early as Thursday.

With 5,000 workers laid off and countless others working at operations at which
some production has been curtailed, the strike threat is a wrecking ball that
could destroy what remains of the industry, said Terry Lineker, president of
Forest Industrial Relations, the bargaining agency for the coastal industry.

The coastal industry is in a well-documented decline as a result of softwood
tariffs, lost markets in Japan, high operating costs at home and a lack of
investment by companies.

Industry consultant Russ Taylor said if the union goes on strike, it will
marginalize the industry, damaging it even further in international markets.

"The B.C. coast is one of the highest-cost producing regions in the world," he
said. "The strengthening Canadian dollar has only made it worse. The coast has
been in dire straights for seven or eight years, and now we are telling the rest
of the world we are prepared to go on strike to see that our workers get what
they need."

When it is operating at capacity, the industry contributes $4 billion in wages
and benefits and $2 billion in tax revenues to the B.C. economy. However, about
70 per cent of the industry has been either down or curtailed for the past year.

IWA president Dave Haggard has acknowledged the union and the companies must
work out a restructuring plan but said the companies walked out of negotiations
and went to the LRB, forcing the union's hand. He called the LRB application
"delaying tactics."

"If they would just come to the bargaining table where we could try to sort out
all the problems facing our bloody industry, things would be a hell of a lot
better of than this. We found ourselves with no choice but to serve them with
strike notice. They left negotiations and ran off to the board.

"I am not going to spend millions of dollars fighting them at the board," said
Haggard. "Sooner or later you sit down and bargain an agreement and that's what
we want to do, bargain an agreement. We have said all along we will sit down and
address their cost concerns but they need to address our concerns too."

FIR says costs on the coast are 70 per cent higher than those in the U.S.
Pacific Northwest and cost reductions are needed.

"The coastal industry that could once accommodate high costs is dead and has
been knocked off its foundations," Lineker said.

However, a crack appeared in FIR's stand when one member, Doman Industries Ltd.,
said it will do what's in its best interests should a strike be called.

President Rick Doman said he does not want to see his company behind picket
lines over issues that do not affect it. He said Doman has trimmed costs by
working with its union. Also, the company is under creditor protection and is
not making regular payments on its $913 million debt.

"If a strike comes, I will ask my board how to deal with it," Doman said.

The LRB has told both sides it will rule before Thursday on FIR's application
for a cease-and-desist order against the union. FIR, which represents 61 coastal
employers, asked the board to prohibit the strike notice until it has had a
chance to hear a company charge that the union has bargained in bad faith.

FIR is basing its claim on an LRB requirement that all parties consider economic
viability. FIR walked away from negotiations last month but says it wants to
return with an agenda that considers the troubled state of the coastal industry.

The companies want to cut costs, saying the wages and packages benefit the IWA
now has comes to $45 a hour.

Duncan Davies, president of Interfor, said last week the issue is not that the
companies want to take some of that back but they want to address how it
translates into unit-costs. For example the companies are seeking changes that
will give them more flexibility to operate sawmills 24 hours a day, seven days a
week.

The IWA says it will only negotiate an agreement that is patterned on other
agreements in the rest of the province.

The union is seeking aid for its pension plan, which needs a cash injection, and
greater security for workers, which translates into increased severance pay for
those facing layoff.

With both sides saying they want to get back to the bargaining table, the
immediate issue is how to do so.

The companies are relying on the LRB.

Haggard is facing revolt from some members of his union, who protested outside
the union's annual convention Monday in Kelowna. He said the companies demand
concessions while behind him, some workers are saying they want more.

About 40 Kelowna members called for Haggard's resignation, angry his own salary
rose while they are getting no wage increases.

Haggard said he has no intention of leaving his post.

ghamilton@png.canwest.com

LOAD-DATE: September 23, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Business

               Copyright 2003 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              356 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                           October 23, 2014 Thursday

Royal blueprint for stopping KC

BYLINE: and GEORGE A. KING III

SECTION: Metro; Pg. 60

LENGTH: 577 words


KANSAS CITY, Mo. - Five batters into Game 1 Tuesday night, the Giants had the
start of a program to keep the Royals' biggest weapons idle.

That's when Hunter Pence crushed a James Shields fastball over the center-field
fence for a three-run, first-inning advantage on the way to a 7-1 win at
Kauffman Stadium that halted the hosts' eight-game postseason winning streak.

While there were eight frames remaining in the opener of the World Series for
the Royals to come back, the early ditch was a warning sign that Kelvin Herrera,
Wade Davis and Greg Holland wouldn't be needed to protect a lead as they had
been asked to do in the first eight games of the postseason.

The only time the Orioles led in the ALCS was briefly in Game 3 when they scored
the game's first run in the second inning and the Royals c o u n t e re d with a
run in the fourth.

K e e p ing that trio of gas-throwing relievers out of the game is a great way
to marginalize the Royals, whose lineup doesn't score runs in clusters. And when
the Giants added two runs in the fourth to make it 5-0 in front of Madison
Bumgarner, Herrera, Davis and Holland didn't need to swap sneakers for spikes.

"It wasn't strange, it was a situation where we fell back three and then [five]
early and we are not using those guys in that situation because you are planning
for the future,'' Royals manager Ned Yost said.

Not having worked since last Wednesday, Yost pondered giving one or all of them
an inning Tuesday but thought about what might be in store.

"Do one of those guys need an inning to stay sharp? Then you go back and think,
'Okay, these guys quite capably could pitch four out of the next five days',''
Yost said before Wednesday's Game 2. "Hopefully, they are in [Game 2].'' The
Royals were also hoping to avoid the Giants knocking out Yordano Ventura early
like they did Shields, who didn't get an out in the fourth and was pulled.

Because lefty Danny Duffy provided three innings in which he allowed two runs
after Shields, he wasn't available for similar work in Game 2.

"We could push. In the back of our mind it would be [Jason] Vargas,'' Yost said
of his scheduled Game 4 starter Saturday in San Francisco working long
Wednesday. "You would have to switch it and adjust your plans but hopefully that
is not going to happen.'' That's two hope situations for a team in a 0-1 hole,
but having what appeared to be the edge in Game 2's starting pitching matchup:

Ventura against Jake Peavy.

In Game 1 there was more pressure on the Giants because they started

Bumgarner, the best starter in the World Series.

If the 18-game winner during the regular season didn't pitch well enough for the
NL champs to win it would have been a tremendous boost to the Royals.

The Royals were in a similar situation in Game 2 with Ventura after Shields got
punished.

In what he considered a good move at the time, Yost called Ventura, arguably his
top starter, into the wild-card game against the A's in relief and it didn't go
well. In one-third of an inning the 23-year-old rookie gave up two runs and two
hits, one which was a homer.

"He came in, he said, 'I got too amped up.' He said, 'That won't happen again'
and you know it hasn't,'' Yost said. "He has come out and been under control.

He's been in command of his emotions and throwing the ball good.'' Good enough
to hand a lead to the Herrera, Davis and Holland trio was the way the Royals
looked at it.

PDF 5

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2014 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              357 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             August 17, 2009 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Mental illness isn't a punch line

BYLINE: Pete Earley

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 9A

LENGTH: 453 words


Psycho Donuts, a  California-based bakery, features a padded cell, walls
decorated with goofy faces and a neon "Bates Motel" sign  flashing near the
front window. Employees wearing lab coats and nurse outfits proclaim that they
have taken the ol' doughnut and "put it on medication, and given it a shock
treatment."

So why are members of the National Alliance on Mental Illness (NAMI) protesting
the Psycho Donuts shop in tiny Campbell, near San Jose? Its supporters claim
this is simply lighthearted fun.

Words can hurt

For those of us with loved ones who suffer from severe mental illnesses, Psycho
Donuts is no laughing matter. Words are important and  can hurt. Words can
marginalize and trivialize individuals. Bipolar disorder, schizophrenia and
severe depression -- three of the most common mental illnesses -- are no funnier
than breast cancer or heart disease. They  can strike anyone. About one in four
adults suffer from a diagnosable mental disorder, according to the National
Institute of Mental Health.  Those with the most severe disorders often end up
homeless, in jails and prisons or, even worse, dead from suicide because of our
nation's woefully inadequate mental health care system.

Although my son, Mike, graduated from a prestigious college and is a proven hard
worker, employers are afraid to hire him when they discover he has bipolar
disorder. His illness relegates him to the shadows and can make him feel
inferior.

Profit from the pain

Tragedies such as the  Virginia Tech massacre by a mentally disturbed gunman who
had fallen through cracks in the state's mental health system increase the
stigma against persons who become ill -- through no fault or choice of their
own.

Sadly, Psycho Donuts is just the most recent firm hoping to profit by making fun
of persons with psychiatric disorders. JCPenney and Goody's department store
apologized after NAMI complained about T-shirts bearing offensive messages, but
Maurices, another national chain, refused to recall T-shirts emblazoned with the
words "ESCAPED MENTAL PATIENT, STATE WARD."   The Vermont Teddy Bear Co. offered
a restrained "Crazy for You Bear" that arrived in a straitjacket carrying its
own "commitment papers." Zazzle sells  stickers for kids that feature a purple
teddy bear with a demonic grin called "PSYCHO TEDDY." It "guarantee(s) sleepless
nights."

Not long ago in America, it was acceptable to make gay men and lesbians the butt
of jokes, as well as blacks, other minorities, and persons who were callously
labeled as "retards, gimps and cripples." It's sad that persons suffering from
mental illnesses are still considered good  material.

Pete Earley is author of Crazy: A Father's Search Through America's Mental
Health Madness.

LOAD-DATE: August 17, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2009 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              358 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                           January 2, 2008 Wednesday
                                 Met 2 Edition

For Republicans, Contest's Hallmark Is Immigration

BYLINE: Jonathan Weisman

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1493 words


The imagery of the mailings is designed to pack a wallop: a Mexican flag
fluttering above the Stars and Stripes, the Statue of Liberty presiding over a
"Welcome Illegal Aliens" doormat, a Social Security card emblazoned with the
name "Juan Doe," a U.S. passport proclaiming, "Only one candidate has a plan to
STAMP out illegal immigration."

As Republican presidential candidates troll for votes, they have flooded
mailboxes in Iowa and New Hampshire with such loaded images. Their campaigns
have filled the airwaves, packed their Web sites and taunted their adversaries,
proclaiming their concern over porous borders and accusing opponents of
insufficient vigilance.

No issue has dominated the Republican presidential nomination fight the way
illegal immigration has. Under consistent attack for inconsistent conservatism,
former Massachusetts governor Mitt Romney has turned to the issue again and
again to shore up his conservative credentials. Former New York mayor Rudolph W.
Giuliani, running as the law-and-order candidate, has been forced onto the
defensive by immigration policies in his city.

And just days after he delivered a passionate defense of the humanity of
undocumented children in a Republican debate, former Arkansas governor Mike
Huckabee presented one of the most punitive immigration platforms seen in this
campaign season, rejecting legislation to provide the children of illegal
immigrants a path to citizenship if they finish high school, attend two years of
college or join the military.

Giuliani, Huckabee and Romney have all used illegal immigration to try to prove
to voters that they are the toughest and most conservative candidates in the
field. And they have used it with brutal consistency in an attempt to
marginalize Sen. John McCain (Ariz.), whose vocal support for legislation to
clamp down on border security while offering illegal immigrants a path to
citizenship helped cost him his front-runner status.

Romney, despite facing criticism about some of his own immigration policies in
Massachusetts and the fact that he was forced to dismiss a company that tended
his lawn after it was revealed that it employed illegal immigrants, has attacked
all of his rivals on the issue. A new CNN poll shows Romney with sizable
advantages over the competition on the handling of illegal immigration, with a
lead of 17 percentage points  over Huckabee on the matter.

"You have a strong field, but their strengths and weaknesses cancel each other
out. No one candidate is standing out as particularly stronger than the rest of
the field or more conservative than the rest of the field," said Ken Mehlman,
President Bush's former campaign manager, who spent years courting Latino voters
for the Republican cause. "And in that dynamic, the desire is to stand up on
every issue and say, 'I'm the strongest, and I'm the most conservative.' "

And nowhere is that more obvious than in the debate over immigration, he said.

The strategy poses a real risk. As the rhetoric and the policy proposals have
grown increasingly strident, the eventual nominee's ability to win Latino
support in swing states such as Colorado, Arizona, Nevada and New Mexico may be
coming increasingly into question.

"For Republican primary politics, this may be the most significant issue.
Clearly, there is a segment that is hotly anti-immigrant, and they're very
engaged," said Cecilia MuÃ±oz, senior vice president for public policy at the
National Council of La Raza, the nation's largest Latino political organization.
"But I don't understand what these guys are going to say to my community when
it's time to run" a general-election campaign.

But if Republicans can focus the debate on law-breaking, border security and the
strain that illegal immigrants are placing on public services, the issue could
also place a wedge between many Democrats and their eventual nominee.

Less than a year after Bush resumed his push to offer the nation's 12 million
illegal immigrants a path to citizenship, most of his would-be GOP successors
could not have moved further from his platform. Even McCain now embraces
policies to clamp down on employers and to seal the border with fencing,
unmanned aerial vehicles and beefed-up border patrols. Only when the border is
certified as closed would he then consider what to do with the illegal
immigrants already in the country.

Huckabee's "Secure America" plan twins a similar crackdown with a proposal to
give all illegal immigrants 120 days to register with U.S. Citizenship and
Immigration Services and to leave the country. Those who register would face no
penalty if they later applied to immigrate or visit. Those who do not "will be,
when caught, barred from future reentry" for a decade, Huckabee's plan states.

Huckabee proved so mindful of the issue that he used last week's assassination
of former Pakistani prime minister Benazir Bhutto to argue for stronger border
controls, "to make sure if there's any unusual activity of Pakistanis coming
into the country."

Romney would cut federal funds to any city that refuses to comply with federal
immigration laws or to cooperate with a crackdown. Giuliani would issue all
noncitizen workers and students a single, tamper-proof biometric identity card
and create a single database to track all noncitizens in the country.

Rep. Tom Tancredo (Colo.), who joined the presidential campaign solely to pursue
his hard-line agenda on illegal immigration, was so comfortable with the
direction that his fellow GOP candidates were taking that he dropped out of the
race last month and pronounced the field "Tancredo-ized."

Since Bush's first-term push for immigration reform, the political environment
has changed dramatically, in large part because the geography of immigration has
changed. It is no longer solely a border-state concern. States such as Iowa and
New Hampshire have recently experienced  their first real influxes of immigrant
communities in decades.

"This is the most volatile issue I have measured since busing in 1972," said
Peter D. Hart, a Democratic pollster. "It's not like abortion or gay rights,
which may touch some people or offend the moral values of some. This is
something that affects everyone."

Hart compared the issue of immigration to the treaty returning to Panama the
Panama Canal, which drew a visceral response in conservative circles and turned
President Gerald R. Ford's GOP nomination campaign in 1976 from a cakewalk to a
dogfight.

"It's been like boiling water," said Al Cardenas, a former Florida Republican
Party chairman and a co-chairman of Romney's campaign in the state. "It's an
issue that was in the back of Americans' minds that needed to get fixed. It
wasn't a priority until numbers got out of hand. Then Congress took it up, put
it on the front burner, and when nothing got done, the voters turned
exasperated. Can we live with such a significant breaking of the rule of law and
not be morally outraged?"

Latino and other minority groups see racial codes in many of the words the
Republican candidates have used --  for instance, "illegals" rather than
"illegal immigrants." And hovering around the campaigns are far more strident
figures and organizations. Immigration groups were taken aback when Huckabee
accepted the endorsement of Jim Gilchrist, the founder of the border-security
Minuteman Project, calling it "providential."

Mothers Against Illegal Aliens recently posted a plea for people to bring their
own sheets and utensils to hotels and restaurants because "the person who cooked
your meal or made your bed may very well be the one who picked your fruit and
vegetables," suggesting that immigrants are spreading disease.

"We as a community are under attack," MuÃ±oz said.

Its members have pledged to fight back. A coordinated campaign, by Latino
political groups, service unions, Spanish-language television and radio stations
and print-media outlets helped entice more than 1 million immigrants to apply
for citizenship through October, said Arturo Vargas, executive director of the
National Association of Latino Elected and Appointed Officials Educational Fund.
The campaign is now shifting to voter registration and education.

"I think many folks underestimate how sophisticated immigrants and immigrant
voters are," Vargas said. "People are seeing participation in the political
arena as an act of self-defense."

Officials in most of the Republican campaigns say they are not worried. Their
candidates have distinguished between their opposition to illegal immigration
and their support for legal immigration. And all voters share concerns about
security and the rule of law, said Maria Comella, a spokeswoman for the Giuliani
campaign.

But other Republicans are not as sanguine. Mehlman warned that without a
concerted effort to woo back the Latino voters the campaigns have turned off,
the GOP may be in trouble. "Is there a basic concern?" he asked. "The answer is
'yes.' "

Polling director Jon Cohen contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: January 2, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Maryland

GRAPHIC: IMAGE; GOP contenders seek to show their strength and conservatism by
taking tough stands on illegal immigration.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2008 The Washington Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              359 of 999 DOCUMENTS


             National Post's Financial Post & FP Investing (Canada)

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday
                                National Edition

Fossil-fuel divestment debated at elite schools; Campus protests

BYLINE: Michael McDonald, Bloomberg News

SECTION: FINANCIAL POST; Pg. FP12

LENGTH: 486 words

DATELINE: BOSTON


As U.S. universities face growing student pressure to divest fossil-fuel
holdings from their more than US$500 billion in endowments, Cambridge, Mass.,
finds itself at the centre of a great divide. At Harvard University, students
are digging in this week for a blockade of President Drew Faust's offices,
escalating a confrontation over the school's holdings of oil, gas and coal
stocks.

A mile away, Massachusetts Institute of Technology held a debate last week over
divestment. The formal and polite event had the blessing of President Rafael
Reif, who billed it as the fourth campus-wide conversation on climate change.

The contrasting atmospheres at the neighbouring schools reflect the approaches
of their leaders and students, as well as a division among U.S. universities.
While MIT's Reif has withheld a decision and engaged with activists, Harvard's
Faust early on dismissed calls to unload investments in the world's largest
energy companies.

"The administration is trying to marginalize the prodivest voices on campus,"
said Benjamin Franta, a campaign organizer and Harvard graduate student in
applied physics. "Not only have they not reached out to us, Drew Faust has been
in the school newspaper berating the tactics we've used."

Faust has said she embraces the cause of climate change but opposes selling
investments for reasons other than the financial strength of the endowment and
advancing academic goals. Harvard's US$36.4 billion endowment is higher
education's largest.

"Universities like Harvard have a crucial role to play in confronting climate
change, one of the world's most urgent and serious problems," Jeff Neal, a
Harvard spokesman, said in a statement. "Harvard is fully committed to
leadership in this area, through research, education, engagement with key actors
in the energy and policy domains and efforts to reduce its own carbon
footprint."

The divestment movement, modelled after the campus anti-apartheid effort in the
1970s and 1980s, is claiming victories almost three years after it began at U.S.
colleges. Syracuse University, which has a US$1.2-billion endowment, said on
March 31 it will no longer directly invest in fossilfuel companies. Stanford
University said last May it won't buy stock in coal companies.

Still, fewer than 30 universities in the world have formally endorsed the
campaign, which focuses on the publicly traded companies with the largest
reserves of oil, gas and coal, according to 350.org, the New York-based group
behind the movement. Many, including Harvard, Yale and Cornell have explicitly
said no.

Some activists, who began by collecting signatures and organizing campus votes
on divestment, are growing more confrontational. Last week, in New Haven,
Connecticut, Yale campus police cited 19 students for trespassing after a
daylong sit-in at the university's main administrative building. !@COPYRIGHT=©
2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: April 14, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2015 National Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              360 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                            April 27, 1993, Tuesday

WASHINGTON IN BRIEF Gay march showed 'real diversity'

BYLINE: By Ernie Freda STAFF WRITERhomosexuals; rights; demonstrations;
washington/dc; environment; population; congressmen; personnel; congress;
voting; bill/clinton; administration

SECTION: NATIONAL NEWS; Section A; Page 10

LENGTH: 953 words


They're still debating the numbers, but organizers of the weekend's gay march on
the capital achieved at least one immediate goal: The marchers were
overwhelmingly middle class and middle of the road. Most of the campy gay
culture that passes for mainstream in the minds of many people was limited to
performances on the rally stage Sunday evening.  "For the first time, there was
a much more representative sampling of who this community is," said Torie
Osborn, executive director of the National Gay and Lesbian Task Force. "The
media in general showed our real diversity. There was not an attempt to
marginalize this march."

But if there was satisfaction at who turned out, there was tremendous
frustration at estimates of how many turned out. Organizers had built
expectations for 1 million, and they were crushed by the official U.S. Park
Police estimate of 300,000.

TAKING INVENTORY OF PLANTS, ANIMALS: In light of the debate that has pitted
environmentalists against loggers and timber companies, President Clinton set in
motion a $ 179.4 million survey of the nation's plant and animal species in
order to increase understanding of America's biological resources. Eight bureaus
of the Interior Department will be consolidated into one agency to conduct the
biological inventory. Most of the 850 biologists and the money for the program
will come from the Fish and Wildlife Service. The White House said the
initiative is designed "to prevent another serious natural resource conflict of
the sort currently plaguing the old-growth forest communities of the Pacific
Northwest."

YOUNG POLITICIAN ASCENDS QUICKLY: Henry Ellenbogen is just 20, but he has a job
that political veterans much older would kill for: a $ 55,000- a-year top
position in a congressional office. No doubt he is the youngest person holding
the title of administrative assistant on Capitol Hill. On leave from Harvard and
working for new Rep. Peter Deutsch (D- Fla.), Mr. Ellenbogen has 15 staffers, a
seven-figure budget and half a million constituents in South Florida to manage.
He signed on as a volunteer for candidate Deutsch only late last May, but by
mid-July he was campaign manager. When Mr. Deutsch, 35, won in November, he
happily rewarded his young aide by appointing him to run his office. Mr.
Ellenbogen still plans to graduate with the Class of '94, but his chief priority
"is to make sure that Peter knows what he needs to know."

DELEGATES STILL MOSTLY SILENT: The House's five delegates may no longer be
"non-voting," but they still vote rarely - and never when they can make a
difference. The delegates - from the District of Columbia, Puerto Rico, the
Virgin Islands, Guam and American Samoa - can vote only when the House acts as
the Committee of the Whole, and only if their votes would not be decisive. A
Congressional Quarterly tally shows that since the rules were changed in
January, the five have been eligible for only 16 of 133 House votes. Republicans
argued against the rules change, saying it would dilute the power of the 435
members elected by the states. They also feared it would add five sure
Democratic votes in the House.

ELSEWHERE

Saying he had refocused the attention of the government and the nation on
hunger, a 23-pounds-lighter Rep. Tony Hall (D-Ohio) ended his 22-day water-only
fast with a V-8 juice drink as Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy said his
department would hold a national conference and a series of regional forums on
the issue. . . . Newsweek magazine says Attorney General Janet Reno's body
language and the distance she is keeping from FBI Director William Sessions
speak volumes about his chances of keeping his job. . . . Over the Easter
recess, House Sergeant- at-Arms Werner Brandt quietly removed all traces of the
notorious House bank. . . . The Supreme Court expects to have disposed of 104
cases by term's end, down from 116 last term and one fewer than the 105 in 1990-
91, the previous low-water mark. . . . As many as 20 male staffers wear earrings
in the White House, according to Washingtonian magazine, a practice not widely
accepted in other branches of government. . . . The District of Columbia
Lottery's Aim to Win lottery game, which was launched last month and featured a
pistol among the symbols to be matched by players, has been dropped after a
resident complained that a gun was a poor choice in a city "sometimes called the
murder capital of the nation."

IT'S A FACT

The plaster cast for the 19-foot Statue of Armed Freedom now atop the Capitol
dome was nearly lost at sea when the bark Emily Taylor sprang a serious leak in
the Atlantic during its 1858 voyage from Italy.

SAY IT AGAIN

"I'm going to have to go home on a road that isn't paved and doesn't have a
bridge to get across the river." - Sen. John Breaux (D-La.), discussing the
defeat of the economic stimulus plan, which included billions for road, highway
and bridge work.

"You can get more stimulation from Dr. Ruth than you would from the Clinton
package." - Sen. Alfonse D'Amato (R-N.Y.)

"Not as a stimulus package." - Sen. Bob Kerrey (D-Neb.), asked on Washington
radio station WJFK whether he is still seeing actress Debra Winger.

COMING UP

TODAY: The Georgia Chamber of Commerce hosts the state's congressional
delegation at breakfast, with Speaker Thomas Foley (D- Wash.) addressing the
group. . . . Sam Nunn (D-Ga.), chairman of the Senate Armed Services Committee,
testifies before the Joint Committee on the Organization of Congress, which is
looking at congressional committee structure. . . . A new round of negotiations
between Israel and Arabs opens in Washington.

-From staff, news services and published reports; contributing: Mike
Christensen, Tom Price

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 1993

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH931330212

GRAPHIC: Photo: Trash collected after Sunday's gay rights march dots the
Washington Mall on Monday./ Associated Press Photo: A conference on hunger is
called Monday by Agriculture Secretary Mike Espy (left) and Rep. Tony Hall./
Associated Press

                    Copyright 1993 The Atlanta Constitution


                              361 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                           August 29, 2012 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

The Open Forum

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 24A

LENGTH: 978 words


Local company's lawsuit over contraception coverage

Re: "From plaudits to controversy; Kniech's withdrawal of commendation becomes
political football," Aug. 21 news story.

Hercules Industries' owners, represented by a coalition of Christian attorneys,
state that "it would be sinful and immoral to provide access to some of the
eight services classified by the [Affordable Care Act] as preventative care for
women." Why is it sinful for women to care for themselves when it involves
contraception and sterilization?

I am a Catholic woman and, as I see it, what the Catholic Church is calling
religious freedom by stating that contraception and sterilization is sinful is
in actuality depriving women of their God-given right to care for themselves and
their families. Judge John Kane allowed the Newlands the right to their
religious freedom and has denied the women and the men of their company the
freedom to care for themselves and their wives and families.

There are many families that suffer the death of their children through
miscarriage and stillbirth due to medical health issues of the mother and/or the
father and yet the church, instead of offering comfort and compassion to these
families, judges them as sinful if they care for themselves through
contraception or sterilization.

Linda Pavlak, Arvada

* * *

Re: "Hercules should be honored," Aug. 24 guest commentary by Denver Catholic
Archbishop Samuel Aquila.

In defending Hercules Industries' resistance to providing free access to
contraception in its health care plan, Archbishop Samuel Aquila concluded:
"Choosing to marginalize the owners of Hercules for their religiosity is an
insult to the founding values of our nation" (italics mine).

He chose the right word, "religiosity," which is defined by Webster as
"excessive or affected religiousness; religious sentimentality." In using that
word, I think the archbishop accurately characterized his position on the issue
about which he wrote.

Riley S. Grant, Aurora

* * *

The flap over Hercules Industries' right to decide what medical procedures will
be covered in its generous health care plan illustrates the wisdom of the
single-payer government-sponsored programs in most other industrialized
countries. In these countries, medical decisions do not depend on the
profitability of insurance or drug companies, the conscience of employers, or
the financial resources of the patient.

Will we ever get to a point in this country where we consider health care a
basic human right and allow medical decisions to be made by medical providers
and patients?

Mary Casper, Bailey

Chatfield project's negative effect on South Platte

Re: "A sound water project," Aug. 19 guest commentary.

Randy Knutson and Rick McLoud's guest commentary was misleading and inaccurate
in saying that there would be no effects and "stabilized" flows for the South
Platte River in the downstream area from Chatfield northward through Littleton
into South Platte Park. In fact, many areas in the Draft Environmental Impact
Study show that the water flow is projected to be less.

South Platte Park is a natural oasis in the highly urbanized area. It is second
only to New York City's Central Park as the largest municipally owned park in
the United States. It is important to understand the negative effects to the
park this proposed project will have.

If additional consideration is not given to South Platte Park, the incredibly
low, drought-caused trickle of river of the past month could be the norm after
the Chatfield Reallocation Project is complete.

Susan Beckman, LittletonThe writer is an Arapahoe County commissioner.

Kudos to student for historic designation application

Re: "Student's request puts focus on landmark rule," Aug. 21 news story.

I applaud the University of Colorado student who recently applied for historic
designation for the Gates Rubber site in Denver. It is his constitutional right
to do this, and no one, especially councilman Chis Nevitt, has the "right" to
degrade him for doing this by saying he is "angry" that the student applied for
a historic designation (and, may I add, with his good money). Mr. Nevitt, of all
people, should understand that the city has a historic designation for a reason
and that anyone can apply. I think it is great that the younger generation is
being proactive in what happens where they live, and they should be given credit
for doing so.

Lynn Josef, Denver

Unfair exemption

Re: "State homestead exemption mess," Aug. 21 editorial.

I agree with your editorial about limiting Colorado's Senior Homestead
Exemption, but for a different reason.

The legislation giving birth to the homestead exemption was so poorly crafted
that it has penalized many seniors such as myself with its inane logic for
eligibility.

I am 81 years old and have lived in Colorado all my life, except for military
duty. I bought my first home when I was 25 and subsequently bought an additional
12 homes, all of which I lived in. I bought these homes because my family grew,
my wages increased, and I had a strong desire to improve our standard of living.
When my children left for college, my wife and I began downsizing. I never lived
in one house more than 10 years, yet I have been paying property taxes for 55
years.

I am not arguing the point that the exemption should be for those who need it;
but who is more eligible: persons such as my wife and I, or someone who moved
here 10 years ago, paid property taxes for 10 years and then became eligibile
for the exemption?

If the state cannot be fair, then the exemption law should be removed from the
constitution by plebiscite.

Donald J. Archuleta, Frederick

Inspirational action

Re: "Moving gestures," Aug. 21 news story.

What a wonderful story about the kind man who moved Joan Ebel's gravestone for
her. Hooray for Jason Vialys. I hope his actions inspire many others to do good
things for others.

Dixie J-Elder, Longmont

LOAD-DATE: September 01, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2012 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              362 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                               May 6, 2012 Sunday
                                  WEB Edition

Romney-Huckabee?

BYLINE: By Robert W. Patterson

SECTION: NEWS; P-com Opinion; Pg. WEB

LENGTH: 954 words



For 20 years, Republican strategists have advised presidential candidates to
steer clear of 'controversial' social issues. Favoring a disciplined focus on
'pocketbook' priorities to reach upscale suburban voters, that conventional
wisdom not only sounds appealing when the economy struggles, but also comes
naturally to Mitt Romney, who personifies the party's alleged advantage on
economic and fiscal matters.

Indeed, Romney is under pressure to name a running mate who reinforces his
reputation for businesslike competence. Fearful of repeating John McCain's fate
after selecting an unknown Sarah Palin four years ago, party insiders are
pushing a short list of vice presidential hopefuls, including Sen. Rob Portman
of Ohio, Indiana Gov. Mitch Daniels, and House Budget Committee Chairman Paul
Ryan, all decent public servants with proven Washington leadership experience.
Fiscally focused governors Chris Christie of New Jersey and Bob McDonnell of
Virginia round out the list.

Romney, however, would be foolish to presume that a 'double-vanilla' ticket - as
columnist Michael Barone has called it - would translate into victory in
November, or even have a prayer in the tony Philadelphia suburbs. The flaw in
the party brass' strategy is that it ignores the inherent ties between social
issues and the economic anxieties of the middle class.

As GOP political theorist Jeffrey Bell contends in The Case for Polarized
Politics, the conventional thinking that staying glued to kitchen-table issues -
particularly under a 'big-tent' banner that marginalizes social concerns - can
deliver the White House has been a losing proposition for Republicans in the
post-Reagan era.

Bell cites the GOP triumphs of 1988, 2000, and especially 2004, when
presidential victors skillfully addressed social-conservative themes, and
Republican routs of 1992, 1996, and 2008, when the loser diluted social-issue
differences with his Democratic counterpart.

Bell's analysis suggests that Romney needs a vice-presidential candidate who
embodies the social issues every bit as much as the former Bain Capital tycoon
does economic matters, a wingman who could counter President Obama's meme that
the GOP doesn't care about the vast number of families who don't earn six
figures and who play by the rules, but whose economic prospects have been
plummeting for a generation.

No one could excel in this role or complement Romney better than Mike Huckabee.
Like those favored by party insiders, Huckabee boasts all the credentials of a
seasoned public servant. But, unlike the short-list talent, the former Arkansas
governor has been fully vetted and tested, having survived the fire of a
grueling national primary season.

Moreover, Huckabee would electrify the party rank-and-file much like Palin did
in 2008. But unlike the erstwhile Alaska chief executive, charm would win over
the news media, independents, and moderate Democrats. And his easygoing demeanor
would help Romney gain traction with unmarried women and minorities.

Huckabee's greatest asset would be his 'killing-with-kindness' knack for
negotiating the enduring social questions that bosses of both parties wish would
go away but that resonate with heartland voters and played a central role in
Rick Santorum's remarkable second-place finish in the GOP contest. The gifted
Southerner with working-class roots would be able to highlight the nexus between
declining family demographics and a sputtering economy with a Ronald Reagan
likability that neither Obama nor Romney possesses.

In particular, Huckabee could help the presumptive GOP nominee turn the tables
on the 'war on women' canard, the latest ploy of 'adversarial feminism' that, as
Bell brilliantly chronicles, has created a new fault line in American politics
and society. That more fundamental polarization has little to do with
differences between the sexes, races, or even the two parties. But it has
everything to do with American elites in law, business, media, and academia who
have waged war on the American way of life since the late 1960s.

In cahoots with the global left, their agenda of legalized abortion, no-fault
divorce, and federal birth-control schemes - not to mention gender-based
affirmative action that favors privileged career women against married mothers
struggling to spend more time at home, and their latest project, same-sex
'marriage' - has depressed family formation while supersizing unwed birthrates.

That social-liberation platform has never resonated with 'The Real Majority,'
identified by then-Democrats Richard Scammon and Ben Wattenberg in their 1970
book of the same name as the key to the American electorate. And for good
reason: Its legacy - from declining fertility to the high costs and social
pathologies of the retreat from marriage - reversed the gains that made America
exceptional in the postwar era, saddling the country with huge deficits,
stubborn unemployment numbers, and a receding middle class.

Far from a distraction, these social issues relate directly to the economic
indicators that are so important to Republican leaders. But by recruiting
Huckabee, Romney would help the GOP stand with that 'real majority,' an approach
that inspired Richard Nixon, paved the way for the Reagan coalition, and offers
promise for a party seeking redemption in 2012.

Robert W. Patterson is editor of the public-policy journal the Family in America
and served as a speechwriter in the George W. Bush administration. E-mail him at
rwpatterson79@verizon.net.

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2012 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              363 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Fort McMurray Today

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Plenty of soul searching at PC town hall in Fort McMurray

BYLINE: Vincent Mcdermott, Fort Mcmurray Today

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 820  words


There was plenty of soul searching during the Progressive Conservative's
leadership town hall forum at the Royal Canadian Legion in Waterways, as uniting
the right and attracting new supporters -particularly millennials -dominated the
evening.

But while the candidates agreed the party was perceived as out of touch and even
arrogant during the last election, there was little consensus on how the party
should defeat the Alberta NDP in 2019.

Former MP Jason Kenney spent much of the evening pitching his campaign to unite
Alberta's conservatives, while arguing his vision of a "big-tent party" would
have room for progressives, coming together under a love for the free market.

"It's wrong for us to use and apply pejorative and ideological labels to
marginalize people," he said. "This party has always been a big-tent, broad,
diverse, tolerant coalition grounded on our traditional belief in the creative
power of free enterprise and fiscal responsibility."

His opponents have rejected this platform, arguing in favour of rebuilding the
PC brand rather than merging with the Wildrose.

Calgary lawyer Byron Nelson, who described himself as a social libertarian, said
the PC party distinguished itself as fiscally responsible while remaining
socially progressive.

Richard Starke, Vermillion-Lloydminster MLA and the only elected politician in
the race after Kenney resigned as MP last September, compared rebuilding the
party to Fort McMurray's rebuild struggle after last May's wildfire.

"Just as the people of Fort McMurray yearn to come home, I have a belief
Albertans want to return home," he said, referring to the PCs. "This is not the
time to tear down our home, and try to design and build a duplex."

The most vocal challenger to Kenney's campaign was Stephen Khan, former MLA for
St. Albert. He argued millennials, minorities and LGBTQ individuals would never
accept Kenney's leadership.

It was a reference to the party's November convention, where Kenney's supporters
favoured a resolution that appeared to reject policies around gay-straight
alliances in schools.

Kenney would later reject this, arguing the number of immigrants supporting the
federal Conservatives doubled in 2011 when he was immigration minister and
highlighting his support for accepting gay refugees from Iran.

Attracting a more diverse and younger support base was raised frequently. Nelson
pointed to the United States, praising the efforts of Vermont Senator Bernie
Sanders -calling him "a crazy nutbar who had ideas attractive to youth" -and
Texas Senator Ron Paul in reaching millennials through social media.

"There is nothing like faceto-face conversation," added Khan. "You need to go to
them, you need to be sincere and you must listen."

Kenney said youth who supported the NDP in 2015 would later turn on them,
predicting they would soon be "mugged by economic reality before 2019."

"They don't appreciate the nanny-state, war-on-fun attitude of this NDP
government or even recent PC governments," he said. "We have an opportunity to
appeal to many young people who will be collateral damage to the NDP's
anti-growth agenda."

Candidates quizzed on local issues Throughout the debate, questions from the
audience moderated by John Knox, programming director for Country 93.3 and Rock
97.9, focused on how candidates would prioritize Fort McMurray and the oilsands.

All candidates reaffirmed their support for oilsands development and pipeline
construction. They also feared the current government was pushing investment out
of Alberta, with Nelson and Kenney recalling stories of companies moving to
Angola and Kazakhstan respectively.

Khan specifically mentioned investing in Keyano College, finding solutions for
the shadow population and attracting healthcare specialists.

He was the only candidate to speak on Bill 21, arguing it had little input from
the municipality.

When Knox asked about the status of long-term care and development at Willow
Square, Kenney was happy it had been transferred to the province and hoped to
see more movement on the issue.

"With regards to Willow Square, let's get on with it," said Starke, adding
keeping long-term care to the fourth floor of the Northern Lights Regional
Health Centre was "not acceptable."

Starke also spoke of the need to support infrastructure development. He spoke of
his support for connecting Fort McMurray and Grande Prairie, and praised former
MLA Mike Allen's work on twinning much of Highway 63.

"In truth that should have been done 10 or 15 years earlier, and it should be
881 that we should look at twinning," he said. "We are behind and we continue to
have an infrastructure deficit in this province."

The Tories governed Alberta for 42 consecutive years until they were defeated by
Premier Rachel Notley and the NDP during the May 2015 general election. The
Tories will choose a leader on March 18. vmcdermott@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Murray, Fort Mcmurray Today, Postmedia Network; Residents of
Fort McMurray listen to the candidates for the leadership of the Progressive
Conservative Association of Alberta speak during a leadership townhall meeting
at the Royal Canadian Legion in Fort McMurray Alta. on Thursday December 8,
2016.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fort McMurray Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              364 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              Fort McMurray Today

                           December 13, 2016 Tuesday
                                 Final Edition

Plenty Of Soul Searching At Pc Town Hall In Fort Mcmurray

BYLINE: Vincent Mcdermott, Fort Mcmurray Today

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 820  words


There was plenty of soul searching during the Progressive Conservative's
leadership town hall forum at the Royal Canadian Legion in Waterways, as uniting
the right and attracting new supporters -particularly millennials -dominated the
evening.

But while the candidates agreed the party was perceived as out of touch and even
arrogant during the last election, there was little consensus on how the party
should defeat the Alberta NDP in 2019.

Former MP Jason Kenney spent much of the evening pitching his campaign to unite
Alberta's conservatives, while arguing his vision of a "big-tent party" would
have room for progressives, coming together under a love for the free market.

"It's wrong for us to use and apply pejorative and ideological labels to
marginalize people," he said. "This party has always been a big-tent, broad,
diverse, tolerant coalition grounded on our traditional belief in the creative
power of free enterprise and fiscal responsibility."

His opponents have rejected this platform, arguing in favour of rebuilding the
PC brand rather than merging with the Wildrose.

Calgary lawyer Byron Nelson, who described himself as a social libertarian, said
the PC party distinguished itself as fiscally responsible while remaining
socially progressive.

Richard Starke, Vermillion-Lloydminster MLA and the only elected politician in
the race after Kenney resigned as MP last September, compared rebuilding the
party to Fort McMurray's rebuild struggle after last May's wildfire.

"Just as the people of Fort McMurray yearn to come home, I have a belief
Albertans want to return home," he said, referring to the PCs. "This is not the
time to tear down our home, and try to design and build a duplex."

The most vocal challenger to Kenney's campaign was Stephen Khan, former MLA for
St. Albert. He argued millennials, minorities and LGBTQ individuals would never
accept Kenney's leadership.

It was a reference to the party's November convention, where Kenney's supporters
favoured a resolution that appeared to reject policies around gay-straight
alliances in schools.

Kenney would later reject this, arguing the number of immigrants supporting the
federal Conservatives doubled in 2011 when he was immigration minister and
highlighting his support for accepting gay refugees from Iran.

Attracting a more diverse and younger support base was raised frequently. Nelson
pointed to the United States, praising the efforts of Vermont Senator Bernie
Sanders -calling him "a crazy nutbar who had ideas attractive to youth" -and
Texas Senator Ron Paul in reaching millennials through social media.

"There is nothing like faceto-face conversation," added Khan. "You need to go to
them, you need to be sincere and you must listen."

Kenney said youth who supported the NDP in 2015 would later turn on them,
predicting they would soon be "mugged by economic reality before 2019."

"They don't appreciate the nanny-state, war-on-fun attitude of this NDP
government or even recent PC governments," he said. "We have an opportunity to
appeal to many young people who will be collateral damage to the NDP's
anti-growth agenda."

Candidates quizzed on local issues Throughout the debate, questions from the
audience moderated by John Knox, programming director for Country 93.3 and Rock
97.9, focused on how candidates would prioritize Fort McMurray and the oilsands.

All candidates reaffirmed their support for oilsands development and pipeline
construction. They also feared the current government was pushing investment out
of Alberta, with Nelson and Kenney recalling stories of companies moving to
Angola and Kazakhstan respectively.

Khan specifically mentioned investing in Keyano College, finding solutions for
the shadow population and attracting healthcare specialists.

He was the only candidate to speak on Bill 21, arguing it had little input from
the municipality.

When Knox asked about the status of long-term care and development at Willow
Square, Kenney was happy it had been transferred to the province and hoped to
see more movement on the issue.

"With regards to Willow Square, let's get on with it," said Starke, adding
keeping long-term care to the fourth floor of the Northern Lights Regional
Health Centre was "not acceptable."

Starke also spoke of the need to support infrastructure development. He spoke of
his support for connecting Fort McMurray and Grande Prairie, and praised former
MLA Mike Allen's work on twinning much of Highway 63.

"In truth that should have been done 10 or 15 years earlier, and it should be
881 that we should look at twinning," he said. "We are behind and we continue to
have an infrastructure deficit in this province."

The Tories governed Alberta for 42 consecutive years until they were defeated by
Premier Rachel Notley and the NDP during the May 2015 general election. The
Tories will choose a leader on March 18. vmcdermott@postmedia.com !@COPYRIGHT=©
2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: December 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Robert Murray, Fort Mcmurray Today, Postmedia Network; Residents of
Fort McMurray listen to the candidates for the leadership of the Progressive
Conservative Association of Alberta speak during a leadership townhall meeting
at the Royal Canadian Legion in Fort McMurray Alta. on Thursday December 8,
2016.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2016 Fort McMurray Today
                              All Rights Reserved


                              365 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The East Bay Times (California)

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Byron Williams: Political correctness can foster anti-intellectualism

BYLINE: By Byron WilliamsEast Bay Times contributing columnist

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 703 words


Could it have been any clearer when John Ellison, dean of students at the
University of Chicago wrote the following to incoming freshmen?

Ellison wrote:

"Our commitment to academic freedom means that we do not support so-called
trigger warnings, we do not cancel invited speakers because their topics might
prove controversial, and we do not condone the creation of intellectual 'safe
spaces' where individuals can retreat from ideas and perspectives at odds with
their own."

To many in the class of 2020, these words may have felt like being dashed with a
bucket of ice water on a cold Chicago morning.

Assuming that one accepts the definition of political correctness as the
avoidance of forms of expression or action that are perceived to exclude,
marginalize or insult certain groups of people, I can easily see how some would
applaud the university's actions, while others would bemoan in disgust.

On its face, reaction to Ellison's words may depend greatly on whether one
holistically adopts a conservative or liberal orthodoxy. But to do so, misses
the point of the university's message.

Political correctness, however defined, if left unexamined, can quickly morph
into a slippery slope of stale pabulum. While there are certain terms that are
unaccepted universally in the public discourse, what should be the penalty for
such infractions? And who should adjudicate what is unacceptable? Isn't that too
subjective?

I take a backseat to no one in my opposition to the run-up of the preemptive
strike and occupation of the sovereign nation known as Iraq, but was
disappointed by the churlish behavior of students at Rutgers University who
protested former secretary of state, Condoleezza Rice being the commencement
speaker in 2014.

President Barack Obama, shortly after the Rice kerfuffle, accurately summed up
the larger issue:

"I don't think it's a secret that I disagree with many of the policies of Dr.
Rice and the previous administration. But the notion that this community or this
country would be better served by not hearing a former secretary of state or not
hearing what she had to say -- I believe that's misguided,"

How can any university tout it is preparing the best and brightest minds to
contribute to the fabric of America, if those minds only have room for the
thoughts that correspond with their own?

Ironically, is it not the contrarian thought that serves as our best ally when
it comes to crystallizing what we believe? Hasn't the opposite been proven true
by right-wing (not to be confused with conservative) think tanks, talk show
hosts and bloggers that eschew all things liberal?

It is easy to assume political correctness is viewed, especially on university
and college campuses, would depend on where they fell on the baby boomer to
millennial age continuum. But, according to a recent Gallup poll, 78 percent of
college students preferred to attend a college or university "where students are
exposed to all types of speech and viewpoints," and this would include offensive
speech at a campus that instituted prohibitions.

It is to operate in the comforting but erroneous belief that difference equates
to deficiency. This is where political correctness can take on the ethos of
arrogance and certainty.

The "I'm right, therefore you're wrong" thinking is counterintuitive. E pluribus
unum (out of many, one) is not a clarion call for homogenized thinking. It is
instead the recognition that myriad voices are required to comprise and sustain
the American experiment.

While advocates of political correctness may believe such thinking is aligned
with a genealogy that goes back to the Enlightenment, it can be detrimental to
our public discourse. If allowed to run amok, political correctness in its
present form, can evolve into an idiosyncratic morass of anti-intellectualism.

When Ellison wrote: "We do not condone the creation of intellectual 'safe
spaces' where individuals can retreat from ideas and perspectives at odds with
their own," is that not the essence of education?

Maybe, as some critics have espoused, the letter was to pacify donors, but are
not students the ultimate beneficiaries?

Byron Williams is a contributing columnist. Contact him at 510-208-6417 or
byron@byronspeaks.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              366 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Mercury News (California)

                           September 3, 2016 Saturday

Byron Williams: Political correctness can foster anti-intellectualism

BYLINE: By Byron WilliamsEast Bay Times contributing columnist

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 703 words


Could it have been any clearer when John Ellison, dean of students at the
University of Chicago wrote the following to incoming freshmen?

Ellison wrote:

"Our commitment to academic freedom means that we do not support so-called
trigger warnings, we do not cancel invited speakers because their topics might
prove controversial, and we do not condone the creation of intellectual 'safe
spaces' where individuals can retreat from ideas and perspectives at odds with
their own."

To many in the class of 2020, these words may have felt like being dashed with a
bucket of ice water on a cold Chicago morning.

Assuming that one accepts the definition of political correctness as the
avoidance of forms of expression or action that are perceived to exclude,
marginalize or insult certain groups of people, I can easily see how some would
applaud the university's actions, while others would bemoan in disgust.

On its face, reaction to Ellison's words may depend greatly on whether one
holistically adopts a conservative or liberal orthodoxy. But to do so, misses
the point of the university's message.

Political correctness, however defined, if left unexamined, can quickly morph
into a slippery slope of stale pabulum. While there are certain terms that are
unaccepted universally in the public discourse, what should be the penalty for
such infractions? And who should adjudicate what is unacceptable? Isn't that too
subjective?

I take a backseat to no one in my opposition to the run-up of the preemptive
strike and occupation of the sovereign nation known as Iraq, but was
disappointed by the churlish behavior of students at Rutgers University who
protested former secretary of state, Condoleezza Rice being the commencement
speaker in 2014.

President Barack Obama, shortly after the Rice kerfuffle, accurately summed up
the larger issue:

"I don't think it's a secret that I disagree with many of the policies of Dr.
Rice and the previous administration. But the notion that this community or this
country would be better served by not hearing a former secretary of state or not
hearing what she had to say -- I believe that's misguided,"

How can any university tout it is preparing the best and brightest minds to
contribute to the fabric of America, if those minds only have room for the
thoughts that correspond with their own?

Ironically, is it not the contrarian thought that serves as our best ally when
it comes to crystallizing what we believe? Hasn't the opposite been proven true
by right-wing (not to be confused with conservative) think tanks, talk show
hosts and bloggers that eschew all things liberal?

It is easy to assume political correctness is viewed, especially on university
and college campuses, would depend on where they fell on the baby boomer to
millennial age continuum. But, according to a recent Gallup poll, 78 percent of
college students preferred to attend a college or university "where students are
exposed to all types of speech and viewpoints," and this would include offensive
speech at a campus that instituted prohibitions.

It is to operate in the comforting but erroneous belief that difference equates
to deficiency. This is where political correctness can take on the ethos of
arrogance and certainty.

The "I'm right, therefore you're wrong" thinking is counterintuitive. E pluribus
unum (out of many, one) is not a clarion call for homogenized thinking. It is
instead the recognition that myriad voices are required to comprise and sustain
the American experiment.

While advocates of political correctness may believe such thinking is aligned
with a genealogy that goes back to the Enlightenment, it can be detrimental to
our public discourse. If allowed to run amok, political correctness in its
present form, can evolve into an idiosyncratic morass of anti-intellectualism.

When Ellison wrote: "We do not condone the creation of intellectual 'safe
spaces' where individuals can retreat from ideas and perspectives at odds with
their own," is that not the essence of education?

Maybe, as some critics have espoused, the letter was to pacify donors, but are
not students the ultimate beneficiaries?

Byron Williams is a contributing columnist. Contact him at 510-208-6417 or
byron@byronspeaks.com

LOAD-DATE: September 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2016 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              367 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                            November 8, 2015 Sunday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Advances will pose challenge to nation

BYLINE:  Antonio Fins

SECTION: ACCENT & ARTS; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 474 words


For Jeff Greene, the biggest challenge facing American workers is steeped in his
parents' past as much as in the future his children face.

Greene says he has spent more than a year planning next month's invitation-only
Closing the Gap: Solutions for an Inclusive Economy conference.

The focus, he says, is on how globalization and technology are reshaping
economies in a way that quickly marginalizes jobs and careers, leaving people
disenfranchised from the American Dream.

So he's invited -- largely at his expense -- close to two dozen thinkers and
leaders to a two-day gathering in Palm Beach. They include former British Prime
Minister Tony Blair, New York Times columnist Thomas Friedman and professors Dan
Ariely of Duke University and Niall Ferguson of Harvard University. And, oh
yeah, former heavyweight champ Mike Tyson.

It's an eclectic group, but one Greene thinks will generate solutions more than
hand-wringing about problems.

"This is the defining issue," he says. "We're going to have a serious
conversation, serious discussions."

Greene says the issue is personal for him, rooted in his own family's history.
Greene recalls growing up in Worcester, Mass., where his father ran a prosperous
machinery business linked to the town's textile mills. It was a successful
enough enterprise for the elder Greene to ride in a convertible and for the
family to live a comfortable, 1960s middle class life, Greene recalls.

Then the mills went south -- literally -- in search of cheaper labor. Soon
after, so did the Greene family, moving to West Palm Beach, where his father
spent his days stocking and re stocking vending machines while his mom got a job
as a waitress.

Fast forward nearly four decades, Greene says, and the challenge facing his
children, and the children of many millions of others in America, including
yours and mine, has only grown more complex.

Namely, that global competition coupled with nanospeed advances in technology
will continue to displace and disrupt more workers and their futures.

For example, he says smart car technology could mean, say, that businesses and
sectors catering to the automotive industries become obsolete. Or that advances
in dental technology could wipe out lots of jobs in dental offices.

"Look, it all sounds very far-fetched," he said. "But it's not that
far-fetched."

The answers, he said, lie in focusing education and training so the American
workforce becomes more agile, flexible and adapting. Greene feels strongly
enough about all this to pay the Closing the Gap conference's bill, $1.5
million, along with sponsors like the Ford Foundation. He says it will be money
well spent.

"It's the issue that frightens me the most, that keeps me awake," said Greene,
the father of three. "There are no easy fixes or solutions, but are there going
to be great ideas? Yes there are."

afins@pbpost.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2015 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              368 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The Patriot Ledger (Quincy, MA)

                             January 7, 2005 Friday
                                  City Edition

Public transportation needs in Quincy

BYLINE: Barry M. Steinberg, Quincy, Clerk And Board Member, Association For
Public Transportation Inc.

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 442 words


Regarding the article, "Mayor wants Quincy Center bus-free," there is a
disturbing trend that continues to marginalize local bus transit as if it is
some kind of nuisance instead of being the transportation solution it is. The
idea to "improve" Hancock Street by making bus service more difficult to use
degrades the public transportation for Quincy residents and workers and will
increase car traffic and air pollution. It will impinge on the health of Quincy
residents.

Part of the motivation for the development of downtown Quincy residential uses
is to again have downtown foot traffic. But yet, public transportation users are
also the people who provide this foot traffic. In addition to the pleasant parks
envisioned, there will be more automobile use because Quincy advocates allowing
bus service to deteriorate.

The challenge for Quincy planners is to make downtown more attractive to people
(rather than cars) without making bus service worse by making bus routes slower
and more cumbersome.

Another option is to move automobile and through truck traffic to Burgin Parkway
on the other side of the tracks. Or the possibility of one-way bus clockwise
circulation from Burgin Parkway into the station and then out onto Hancock
Street. This would reduce the bus traffic on Hancock Street by half.

Or try a new bridge over the Red and Purple lines on the north end of the
station, extending from Burgin Parkway to the busway and out to Hancock Street.
Of course, the T cannot be expected to finance this from their limited capital
funds.

On the other hand, there would be the opportunity for air rights commercial and
residential development over the tracks, fronting on the south side of Dimmock
Street, but with auto access from the new busway in back.

For years there have been proposals for all buses to be moved to Quincy Adams
Station, which has ample space for all buses. The down side of this idea is that
Quincy Adams is not a destination for travelers and indeed this would tend to
remove pedestrian traffic from Quincy Center Station - the exact opposite of the
stated goal. Operationally, it would entail an extra mile of travel in each
direction for almost all buses. In addition, Quincy Adams is an extra fare
station, so passengers traveling from Boston would have to pay double the fare
to catch their bus, which in turn would have to travel extra distance to do the
same route.

The only positive effect of basing these buses at Quincy Adams is lessening
loitering, since there are few attractions to people there as opposed to Quincy
Center Station.BARRY M. STEINBERG Quincy Clerk and Board Member Association for
Public Transportation Inc.

LOAD-DATE: January 11, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2005 The Patriot Ledger


                              369 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                             May 15, 2014 Thursday

U.S. Court of Appeals 8th Circuit Case Summaries: May 15, 2014

BYLINE: Stephanie Maniscalco

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 2782  words


Administrative OSHA Safety Regulation Conflicting Interpretations Where the
Department of Labor sought review of an order of the Occupational Safety &
Health Review Commission following the government's investigation and charges
against a manufacturer after a fatal accident, the secretary and commission
advocated competing but reasonable interpretations of the same regulation, so
deference must be to the secretary, which found that the regulation required
guards on certain machinery, and the petition for review is granted.

Deference Dissenting opinion by Shepherd, J.: "The Secretary's current
interpretation of 29 C.F.R. § 1910.212(a)(1) does not deserve deference, and
when the regulation is viewed using the traditional tools of interpretation, the
regulation does not apply to the conduct for which Loren Cook was cited. In
affording the Secretary maximum interpretive flexibility, the majority relies on
an outdated and simplified notion of deference to accept a strained
interpretation of section 1910.212(a)(1) that is contrary to decades of
established practice and, in the process, marginalizes the importance of
consistency and notice. Because I would deny the petition for review and affirm
the order of the Commission, I respectfully dissent. " Petition for review
granted. Perez v. Loren Cook Company (MLW No. 66384/Case No. 13-1310 - 24 pages)
(U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Melloy, J.) Petition for review of an order
of the Occupational Safety & Health Review Commission (Kimberly Anne Robinson,
Washington, D.C., argued for petitioner; Charles F. James appeared on the brief)
(Douglas B.M. Ehlke, Federal Way, Washington, D.C., argued for respondent).

Administrative Social Security Denial Of Benefits Disability Insurance Where an
administrative law judge considered a claimant's testimony and other medical
records in addition to testimony from non-treating doctors in a Social Security
disability case, the decision to deny benefits was supported by substantial
evidence, so the district court's judgment is reversed. Judgment is reversed.
Turpin v. Colvin (MLW No. 66376/Case No. 13-2269 - 9 pages) (U.S. Court of
Appeals, 8th Circuit, Murphy, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, Western
District of Missouri, Wright, J. (Jamie G. Crawford, Kansas City, Missouri,
argued for appellant; Sarah E. Preston, and Kristi A. Schmidt appeared on the
brief) (Sharon J. Meyers, Kansas City, Missouri, argued for appellee).

Administrative Taxation Deficiency Determination IRA Rollover Where a taxpayer
who received a notice of deficiency sought a redetermination of the deficiency,
the taxpayer was entitled to reduce his taxable 2007 IRA distributions by
$120,000 because it was a qualifying partial rollover contribution under Section
408(d)(3)(D), but the tax court did not err in finding that the taxpayer failed
to prove that his dominant motivation for making four loans made them deductible
bad debt when they became worthless, so the decision of the tax court is
reversed in part and the case is remanded for a redetermination of the
deficiency. Judgment is reversed in part; affirmed in part. Haury v.
Commissioner of Internal Revenue (MLW No. 66386/Case No. 13-1780 - 8 pages)
(U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Loken, J.) Appealed from U.S. Tax Court
(Sanford Jay Boxerman, St. Louis, argued for appellant) (Joan I. Oppenheimer,
Washington, D.C., argued for appellee; Regina S. Moriarty appeared on the
brief).

Consumer Law MMPA Merits Discovery Shop Supply Fee (1)Where a plaintiff who sued
a tire store in a dispute over a shop supply fee sought to stay briefing on
summary judgment and filed a Rule 56(d) motion for merits discovery, the
district court's denial of the motion and summary judgment for the defendant is
affirmed because class discovery revealed relevant information about the fee and
the plaintiff did not identify documents or facts to contradict the information
provided by the defendant, and the grant of summary judgment may be made before
a ruling on the plaintiff's motion for class certification. (2)Where evidence
showed that a tire store's shop supply fee covered costs for a variety of shop
supplies, the fee was not an unfair or deceptive practice under the Missouri
Merchandising Practices Act, so the grant of summary judgment for the defendant
is affirmed. Judgment is affirmed. Toben v. Bridgestone Retail Operations (MLW
No. 66403/Case No. 13-3329 - 17 pages) (U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit,
Benton, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Missouri,
Jackson, J. (John E Campbell, St. Louis, argued for appellant; Erich Vieth, and
Alicia Campbell appeared on the brief) (Martin G. Durkin Jr., Chicago, argued
for appellee; Colin P. Smith, and Simon B. Auerbach and Joseph R. Swift and Kurt
A. Schmid appeared on the brief).

Contracts Airplane Lease Accord And Satisfaction Measure Of Damages Where in a
dispute between an aviation company and an aircraft charter over a lease
agreement and maintenance issues the district court awarded damages and found
that both parties breached their agreement, the court did not err in rejecting
the charter's defense of accord and satisfaction, and the award to the aviation
company for unpaid lease payments is affirmed, but the court erred in using
diminution in value as the appropriate measure of the aviation company's
damages. Judgment is affirmed in part; reversed and remanded in part. BLB
Aviation South Carolina v. Jet Linx Aviation (MLW No. 66385/Case No. 12-3461 -
22 pages) (U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Gruender, J.) Appealed from U.S.
District Court, District of Nebraska, Thalken, J. (Diana Vogt, Omaha, Nebraska,
argued for appellant; James David Sherrets and Robert S. Sherrets appeared on
the brief) (James M. Bausch, Omaha, Nebraska, argued for appellee; Megan S.
Wright and Jonathan J. Papik appeared on the brief).

Criminal Law Computer Search File-Sharing Software Child Pornography Where a
defendant admitted that he downloaded and actively used file-sharing software,
he had no reasonable expectation of privacy in such publically shared files, so
the district court did not err in denying the defendant's motion to suppress
evidence seized from his computer in a child pornography case, and the defendant
did not show that two counts of the indictment were the same offense to
establish a double jeopardy claim, so the judgment is affirmed. Judgment is
affirmed. U.S. v. Hill (MLW No. 66377/Case No. 13-1884 - 11 pages) (U.S. Court
of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Riley, C.J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, Western
District of Missouri, Kays, J. (Donald R. Cooley, Springfield, argued for
appellant) (Randall D. Eggert, Springfield, argued for appellee).

Criminal Law Drug Conspiracy Sufficiency Of Evidence Where a defendant
challenged the sufficiency of evidence to support his conviction for
participating in a cocaine conspiracy, the defendant did not meet his burden to
show that he withdrew from the conspiracy as he argued, and the defendant also
did not show that the district court plainly erred in allowing testimony
regarding the chain of custody for drug samples. Judgment is affirmed. U.S. v.
Ortega (MLW No. 66383/Case No. 13-2043 - 11 pages) (U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th
Circuit, Murphy, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, Eastern District of
Missouri, Perry, J. (Eric W. Butts, St. Louis, argued for appellant) (Jeannette
Suzanne Graviss, St. Louis, argued for appellee).

Criminal Law Expert Testimony 'Narco-saint' Drug Conspiracy Where defendants in
a drug conspiracy case argued that the district court erred in admitting the
testimony of an expert, who linked "narco-saint" images and shrines in the home
of a co-conspirator to drug trafficking, the court did not abuse its discretion
in finding the testimony to be reliable because items such as a statute of a
particular saint may indicate drug trafficking, and the testimony explained the
significance of such evidence to jurors who would not have been familiar with
the iconography.

Rate of error Concurring opinion by Kelly,: "Possession or presence of a statue
or icon may be a 'red flag' or an 'indicator' for law enforcement investigative
purposes. But the rate of error of such evidence--evidence of the possession or
presence of religious statues, icons, prayer cards, or amulets--as substantive
evidence of guilt is too high, without more, to warrant its admissibility. While
I find the district court abused its discretion in allowing Marshal Almonte to
give expert testimony, I also conclude the error was harmless. " Judgment is
affirmed. U.S. v. Holmes (MLW No. 66389/Case No. 13-1660 - 12 pages) (U.S. Court
of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Benton, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, Eastern
District of Arkansas, Moody, J. (Richard Eugene Holiman, Little Rock, Arkansas,
and James Phillips, Little Rock, Arkansas, argued for appellants) (Alexander D.
Morgan, Little Rock, Arkansas, argued for appellee; Anne E. Gardner appeared on
the brief).

Criminal Law Extortion Sufficiency Of Evidence Officer-Defendant Where testimony
and wire recordings showed that a police officer-defendant accepted $500 twice
to escort through town a confidential informant who was posing as a drug
trafficker, the defendant was not entitled to the money and she drove her marked
police car while in uniform making the act official, so the evidence was
sufficient to support her conviction for attempted extortion., and sufficient
evidence also supported a conviction for possession with intent to distribute
since she had the ability to actually possess the drugs by executing a traffic
stop at any time. Judgment is affirmed. U.S. v. Kalb (MLW No. 66381/Case No.
13-1954 - 7 pages) (U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Murphy, J.) Appealed
from U.S. District Court, Eastern District of Arkansas, Moody, J. (John Wesley
Hall Jr., Little Rock, Arkansas, argued for appellant) (Cameron C. McCree,
Little Rock, Arkansas, argued for appellee; Julie Peters appeared on the brief).

Criminal Law Sentencing Supervised Release Violation Factors Where a defendant
admitted to the crimes of public intoxication and third-degree domestic abuse
during his supervised release, and the district court reviewed his evidence
regarding similar violations made by other offenders, the court considered the
need to avoid unwarranted sentence disparities and adequately explained its
reasons for imposing sentence, so no plain error was made. Judgment is affirmed.
U.S. v. Beran (MLW No. 66387/Case No. 13-2935 - 5 pages) (U.S. Court of Appeals,
8th Circuit, Shepherd, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, District of
Nebraska, Kopf, J. (Joshua D. Barber, Lincoln, Nebraska, argued for appellant)
(Matthew R. Molsen, Lincoln, Nebraska, argued for appellee).

Employer - Employee FMLA Failure To Rehire Liquidated Damages (1)Where an
employee presented sufficient evidence of a retaliatory motive on the part of
his employer after the employee used leave under the Family Medical Leave Act
and evidence supported the discrediting of the employer's reasons for not
rehiring him, the district court properly denied the employer's judgment as a
matter of law on the employee's FMLA retaliation claim. (2)Where an employee
sought liquidated damages under the FMLA, and the employer did not show that it
acted in good faith or with reasonable grounds to believe that its refusal to
rehire the employee did not violate the act, the denial of liquidated damages is
reversed and remanded. Judgment is affirmed in part; reversed in part. Jackson
v. City of Hot Springs (MLW No. 66388/Case No. 13-1772 - 17 pages) (U.S. Court
of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Gruender, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court,
Western District of Arkansas, Dawson, J.

ERISA Life Insurance Proceeds Beneficiary Designation Substantial Compliance
Where a plaintiff challenged the denial of the proceeds of her late husband's
life insurance policy, arguing that he had learned of his impending death
without enough time to designate the plaintiff as his beneficiary and had
intended his will to designate her as such, summary judgment in favor of the
insurer is affirmed because the insurer reasonably determined that a will was
inadequate to effect a change in beneficiary and because the insurer's refusal
to give effect to a change-of-beneficiary form submitted after the 30-day window
had closed was not an abuse of discretion, and the district court did not err in
refusing to apply the doctrine of substantial compliance because the doctrine
cannot be applied to interfere with the discretion granted to an ERISA plan
administrator. Judgment is affirmed. Hall v. Metropolitan Life Insurance Company
(MLW No. 66380/Case No. 13-1332 - 10 pages) (U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit,
Colloton, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, District of Minnesota, Frank,
J. (Konstandinos Nicklow, Minneapolis, argued for appellant) (William Daniel
Hittler, Minneapolis, argued for appellee).

Immigration Asylum Reopening Of Case Evidence Where an immigrant from China who
gave birth to three children in the United States did not demonstrate the likely
impact of economic sanctions for violation of the country's one-child policy or
the probability that she would be subject to sterilization in her particular
province, and the immigrant failed to present previously unavailable, material
evidence to support reopening her asylum case, the petition for review is
denied. Petition denied. Chen v. Holder (MLW No. 66396/Case No. 13-1103 - 7
pages) (U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Kelly, J.) Petition for review of an
order of the Board of Immigration Appeals (Theodore N. Cox, New York, for
petitioner) (Laura Halliday Hickein, Washington, D.C., for respondent).

Insurance CGL Policy Duty To Defend Absolute Pollution Exclusion Where an
insurer argued that it did not have a duty to defend its insured, a
construction-cleanup service, in an underlying lawsuit brought by three women
who claimed to have been injured by an acrylic concrete sealant that infiltrated
their offices due to the insured's failure to properly ventilate, an ordinary
person would consider the sealant to fall within the commercial general
liability policy's definition of "pollutant," so the district court's grant of
summary judgment to the insured is vacated and the case is remanded for further
proceedings.

Ambiguity Dissenting opinion by Bright, J.: "I respectfully dissent. The
district court correctly concluded that an ambiguity exists 'in the policy
language as it relates to Titan's allegedly negligent application of TIAH to
seal the concrete floor. '" Vacated; remanded. United Fire & Casualty Company v.
Titan Contractors Service, Inc. (MLW No. 66404/Case No. 13-1307 - 11 pages)
(U.S. Court of Appeals, 8th Circuit, Gruender, J.) Appealed from U.S. District
Court, Eastern District of Missouri, Shaw, J. (Mary Adina Johnson, St. Louis,
argued for appellant; David Karl Simkins appeared on the brief) (Cynthia
Juedemann, St. Louis, argued for appellee; Russell F. Watters appeared on the
brief).

Negligence Products Liability Design Defect Failure To Warn Where a plaintiff
who experienced complications from the insertion of a pain pump following
shoulder surgery sued the manufacturer and seller of the pump for negligence and
strict products liability, the defendant could not have foreseen the potential
for cartilage damage based on the medical community's knowledge at the time and
thus had no duty to protect or warn the plaintiff of the potential harm, and the
FDA's denial of approval did not raise a safety concern for the defendant, so
the grant of summary judgment to the defendant is affirmed.

'Close case' Dissenting opinion by Bye, J.: "Given the inconsistent decisions
reached on the issue of foreseeability by both reasonable judges and reasonable
jurors, I fail to see how we can conclude Mack's claim on foreseeability is
anything but a 'close case. ' Minnesota law thus allows her to have a jury
decide her claim. I therefore disagree with our decision to affirm the grant of
summary judgment in favor of Stryker. I would reverse the district court and
remand this 'close case' for a jury trial. " Judgment is affirmed. Mack v.
Stryker Corporation (MLW No. 66390/Case No. 12-3130 - 18 pages) (U.S. Court of
Appeals, 8th Circuit, Smith, J.) Appealed from U.S. District Court, District of
Minnesota, Magnuson, J. (Jessica A. Andrew, Salt Lake City, Utah, argued for
appellant; Colin P. King and Paul M. Simmons appeared on the brief) (Hall R.
Marston, Los Angeles, argued for appellee; Ralph A. Campillo and Matthew A. Reed
and Timothy P. Griffin and Bryan W. Thomson appeared on the brief).

© 2014 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: May 21, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              370 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            December 13, 2004 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

LETTERS

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1023 words


LETTER OF THE DAY

Reform Still Falls Short

Regarding "Felons' Path To Rights Eased" (Metro, Dec. 10):

Gov. Bush's latest changes to the clemency process will help some felons regain
their right to vote and hold occupational licenses, but they will not solve the
problem. By his estimate, new rules wil reduce the current 4,000-case backlog
only by a third. At this rate the clemency board, which hears 200 cases a year,
will need almost 20 years just to hear applications now pending. There are more
than 500,000 felons in Florida.

Their plight does not elicit public sympathy, but it should. Failure to
automatically restore political and economic rights marginalizes people who have
paid their debt. It contributes to recidivism.

In 1996, Gov. George W. Bush signed legislation repealing Texas' two-year
waiting period for felons to regain the right to vote. Texas is one of 43 states
that automatically restore civil rights to felons who complete the terms of
their sentence.

MARK PHENEGER

Tampa

Flu-Shot Logistics

Regarding "Diary of a Flu Shot Giveaway" (BayLife, Dec. 5):

I am disabled and at high risk, unable to wait in lines for 12 hours for a flu
shot. My mother is disabled, shut-in, high-risk and cannot travel or wait in
long lines.

Apparently citizens who cannot manage the stressful mass "cattle calls" to get a
flu shot are left out! This first-come, first-served mentality has overlooked
the totally disabled who are also at very high risk with documented diseases
such as asthma, diabetes, heart and lung disease. This is just another example
of discriminating against the physically and medically disabled.

Who's calling the shots here? The Centers for Disease Control and health
departments' mass flu shots mode of operation is likened to an endurance race!
What's up with this totally asinine thinking? We all deserve better treatment!

SUSAN SNYDER

Dunedin

No Poverty Cure

Regarding "Proven Cure For Poverty" (Letters, Dec. 5):

While I am not advocating a welfare state, Michael Donahue suggests that
globalization by multinational corporations actually helps Third World
countries. The last time I checked, we were not helping the Third World by
making children work in sweatshops for pennies a day. The Third World was not
getting wealthier because people are slaving away in horrific conditions that we
haven't seen since the industrial revolution in England.

Globalization can, in some respects, be compared to imperialism in Africa in the
early 20th century. The Third World did not profit then, and it's not profiting
now. When companies pay workers subsistence wages and make obscene profits, only
the people at the top get rich. Free trade is exploitation under a cloak of
humanitarianism, pure and simple.

CAL ALBRITTON

Tampa

Beware Of Germy Carts

A University of Arizona study has found that shopping cart handles carry more
germs than public toilets. At first I was shocked, but then, after a moment's
reflection, it made sense. Literally thousands of people, many of whom are sick,
use shopping carts each day. Raw meats and unwashed fruit are another source of
contamination.

Given this knowledge, I was thrilled to see that both Albertsons and Publix
Super Markets are now offering free antibacterial wipes to their customers.
While Publix does not offer wipes in all of its Bay area stores -- Albertsons
does -- individual stores are authorized to offer wipes if it is requested by a
shopper; so ask!

This is a simple way for us all to protect ourselves from exposure to dangerous
germs, especially as we enter into the flu season less prepared than in past
years.

CHRYSA DUNSER

Tampa

California's Pain

In your Nov. 7 editorial "Medical Marijuana Case Really About Federal
Overreach," the legalized use of marijuana for medicinal purposes is a curious
topic when applied to the states' rights issue and the state involved in this
issue -- California.

The operable words in your editorial would seem to be "government-approved
research" and "voter-approved" use of marijuana in the state of California.

I suggest that the pain California inflicts upon its citizens -- 9.5 percent
sales tax, crumbling infrastructure, failing power grid, a ban on anything not
grown in the Napa Valley -- may well warrant the legalization of something, just
not a controlled substance.

NED FRAHER

Tampa

Truth Will Prevail

Typical in sponsored media these days are advertisements using misinformation
such as jumping from "marijuana" to "drugs" as though they are all one and the
same.

This month's Scientific American magazine has an excellent account of why there
is no research on this harmless and nonaddictive herb and why there won't be any
time soon.

If one dares to compare, alcohol is much more dangerous but seems to get an
exemption because it is legal, while people die from it.

Hysteria vs. truth? I believe the truth will eventually prevail. But the current
sad truth is that the law can be much more detrimental than that which it is
trying to convince us is "destroying our youth."

What the Ad Council and other propaganda agencies are getting for their money is
a generation convinced the government lies to them.

ANGELO J. ANELLO

Land O' Lakes

Easing Our Pain

Regarding "Reduce Antidepressants, British Officials Say" (Nation/World, Nov.
7):

British health officials' advice to doctors was completely sound. Victims of
depression should seek alternate cures, such as exercise or talk therapy, before
searching out a doctor who will succumb to their pleas for a prescription.

It seems to me that these days everyone is searching for a quick fix. Our
society has become addicted to drugs -- and not just the illegal ones. Every
other commercial on TV advertises for some kind of pill or patch that will make
life easier, whether the malady is acid reflux or obesity or attention deficit
disorder. Baseball, the all-American pastime, has become haunted by accusations
and controversy over performance-enhancing drugs. The news is littered with
headlines having to do with the legalization of marijuana. My question is, where
will it end?

MEGAN WOLF

Odessa

Copyright © 2004, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: December 17, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2004 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              371 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                      June 16, 1995, Friday, FINAL EDITION

A 'Chronicle' of brutal sensuality / Music fleshes out morality play

BYLINE: David Patrick Stearns

SECTION: LIFE; Pg. 4D

LENGTH: 322 words

DATELINE: NEW YORK


Those who have been alienated from Broadway by empty-calorie megamusicals might
consider trudging back for Chronicle of a Death Foretold ( out of four), which
opened Thursday at the Plymouth Theater.

Produced by Lincoln Center Theater, it brings together forward-looking talents
such as director Graciele Daniele (Hello, Again) and composer Bob Telson (Gospel
at Colonus) in an adaptation of the Gabriel Garcia Marquez novel of the same
name. It concerns an isolated Latin American village in which a man who
deflowers a woman before her marriage to someone else is put to death.

It's marvelously atmospheric, full of flickering night shadows, passion, sex
and, above all, brutality, with tangy choreography and an excellent cast headed
by George de la Pena (who plays the death foretold).

The music is used mostly to establish local color and to set up the action but
never to allow characters to operatically spew out their feelings. Such moments
are handled with dialogue. And while this might seem to marginalize the score,
it liberates it from the burden of emotionally weighty matters that most pop
idioms reduce to cliche. Telson has absorbed Latin American styles so deeply
that it never seems counterfeit and still sounds like typically buoyant Telson.

In many ways, the show is a throwback to English Restoration-era semi-operas
that contain lots of incidental music.  These pieces are being revived more, and
coincidentally, the genre represented by Chronicle (which does similar things
with ethnic music) has been building for years since Steppenwolf Theater's Song
of Jacob Zulu.

None has had a major breakthrough success, which may also elude Chronicle. While
all the characters' fears and beliefs are clearly drawn, they remain remote,
even arcane. Long-running musicals have been based on less - look at Blood
Brothers - but it may take more for Chronicle to compete with theatrical tourist
attractions.

LOAD-DATE: June 17, 1995

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Show; STAGE REVIEW

THEATER

                      Copyright 1995 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              372 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                            February 19, 2016 Friday

Obama's chance to reduce "[#x2dc]meanness'

BYLINE: by JONAH GOLDBERG

LENGTH: 524 words


In Springfield, Ill., last week, President Obama commemorated the ninth
anniversary of his bid for the White House. He admitted that one of his "few
regrets" was his inability "to reduce the polarization and the meanness in our
politics."

To conservative ears, Obama's comments fell somewhere between risible and
infuriating. Obama has always done his best to demonize and marginalize his
opponents.

Just a few days after Obama's remarks, Supreme Court Justice Antonin Scalia
died. Scalia was not only one of the most gifted writers and intellectuals to
ever don the robe, he was also a founding father of the originalist
counterrevolution and the elder statesman of the court's conservative wing.

So it is no wonder that conservatives should grow instantly queasy at the
thought that Obama will replace him with yet another high priest of the cult of
the "living Constitution."

Already, partisans are sharpening their spears for what could easily be the
meanest and most polarizing nomination battle in modern American history.

Obama could prevent all this strife. He could say that he will leave this
appointment up to his successor. Or he could appoint a conservative during the
Senate recess (Sen. Ted Cruz, anyone?) who would serve only until the end of the
following session. That would preserve the power balance on the court for the
time being.

Such diplomacy would go a long way to prevent "" or at least reduce "" further
polarization and meanness in our politics.

Chances Obama will go this route? Zero. Instead, he'll pick a liberal whom he'll
call a moderate and insist on an up-or-down vote. He'll also probably pick a
minority, making it that much easier for supporters to paint opposition as
bigotry.

But I don't blame him for wanting to get his pick on the bench. If I were
president, I would seize the opportunity to appoint a like-minded justice.

Republicans arguably erred when they implied that Obama shouldn't name a
replacement for Scalia. The president has every right to do so. And the Senate
has every right to withhold its consent. It's really as simple as that.

On the Democrat side, some are claiming that the GOP would be violating a sacred
and inviolable norm by preventing another Obama appointee. That's ridiculous on
its face. Democrats have been blowing up the appointment process piecemeal since
they turned Judge Robert Bork's last name into a verb back in 1987.

As my National Review colleague Jim Geraghty has pointed out, Sen. Charles
Schumer, D-N.Y., gave a blistering speech in 2007 vowing to do everything he
could to prevent President George W. Bush from appointing any more conservatives
to the bench. Schumer said John Roberts and Samuel Alito were quite enough for
one president. Switch the names in that speech from Roberts, Alito and Bush to
Elena Kagan, Sonia Sotomayor and Obama, and you have Mitch McConnell's position
now.

Any claim that Republicans are the first to break the peace is as absurd as the
suggestion that Obama is blameless for the polarization and meanness in our
politics.

Jonah Goldberg is a fellow at the American Enterprise Institute and a senior
editor of National Review.

LOAD-DATE: February 21, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2016 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              373 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                    The Hill

                           November 14, 2006 Tuesday

Under the Dome

BYLINE: By Emily Heil

SECTION: Pg. 12

LENGTH: 829 words


Schultz off the trail, into print, sweats

Connie Schultz is glad to be off the campaign trail. It means she can once again
speak her own mind, and loosen up a little. "I feel a lot freer," says the wife
of Sen.-elect Sherrod Brown (D-Ohio), who plans to resume her Pulitzer-winning
opinion column for the Cleveland Plain Dealer in January. "I actually wore
sweats to the grocery store this week."

Schultz took a leave of absence from the newspaper to campaign with Brown, who
has served as a member of the House for Ohio's 13th District. She says being the
wife of a political candidate on the campaign trail can be uncomfortable for a
woman with strong beliefs of her own. "It was interesting to go from being a
woman who is paid to give her opinion to a wife who gives her husband's
opinion," she says, although she does note that she and Brown agree on more than
a few points. She spent much of the campaign scribbling notes she plans to use
in an upcoming book that Random House will publish in June called "And His
Lovely Wife," about her experiences on the trail.

Schultz says she will dedicate the tome to "every woman who has ever felt
anonymous" and bemoans how politics still marginalizes spouses. "I've met so
many other spouses, and many of them should be running for office themselves,"
she adds.

As she did when Brown was in the House, Schultz plans to avoid writing about
issues that come before her husband in the Senate. And as a Senate spouse,
Schultz is joining an elite club of a few not-so-anonymous types, including
ex-prez Bill Clinton, former senator Bob Dole and Labor Secretary Elaine Chao.
"I haven't really thought about that," she says. "I guess I don't define myself
as a spouse - my club is the newsroom."

Cough it up, Gretzky, the suspense is killing us

We just can't stand the anticipation. We're like kids waiting for Christmas
morning (and yes, we were the kind that fished around in Mom and Dad's closets
to peek at the presents). The official Loretta Sanchez Christmas card is in the
works, the California Democrat assures us. She and Gretzky (her cat) are heading
into the studio this week for their annual photo shoot.

Sanchez is mum on this year's theme, but we can only hope that it tops last
year's shot of a flannel-pajama-clad Sanchez and Gretzky curled up asleep. For
the uninitiated, Sanchez's wacky holiday card, featuring the lawmaker and
Gretzky in off-the-wall costumes and poses, is one of the season's highlights on
the Hill. Sanchez sends the card to about half a million lucky folks.

Sanchez let us in on a little behind-the-scenes magic: She and her staff toss
ideas around and usually end up shooting a few different costumes so they can
choose the one they like. Although the cards have raised some eyebrows among
some who thought they were a tad racy or silly, Sanchez insists that it's all in
the name of holiday cheer. "You should see the ideas we don't use," Sanchez
says.

It's so unfair to tease us like that.

Souder irritated by callers' accents

Talk about mixed messages. Callers touting Indiana Republican Rep. Mark Souder's
tough stance on immigration apparently have thick enough foreign accents that
the congressman himself said he couldn't understand them.

According to the United Press International, Souder complained about campaign
calls made on his behalf after listening to a message left on his sister's
answering machine in which the only word he understood was "Hayhurst," the last
name of his Democratic challenger, Tom Hayhurst.

According to the UPI, Feather Larson & Synhors, a St. Paul, Minn., company that
many Republicans use for such services, promises calls with neutral accents. But
since automated telemarketing calls are illegal in Indiana, the company must use
live callers.

Short-timer Sekula-Gibbs short on décor

If you blink, you just might miss her. Short-timer Rep. Shelley Sekula-Gibbs
(R-Texas) won a special election to fill the seat left vacant by ex-Majority
Leader Tom Delay, who resigned this year. Sekula-Gibbs isn't planning to get too
comfortable: In January, she's being replaced by Democrat Nick Lampson, who beat
write-in candidate Sekula-Gibbs in last week's general election.

The congresswoman's spokesman, Josh Shultz, says the office is fully
functioning, despite its short half-life. "If you walked in, you wouldn't think
it was different than any other," he says. But it is a little bare. DeLay decked
the office out with all kinds of Texas memorabilia, including flags. After he
resigned, the clerk of the House cleared out all the décor for the incoming
member, just as they usually do when a member leaves. "We're hoping to jazz it
up a little," Shultz says, referring to its, ahem, minimalist look.

Sekula-Gibbs is focusing mostly on constituent services, he added, and is
getting a taste of life in Congress, hosting receptions in the office and
attending Veteran's Day events over the weekend. "She's excited and ready to
serve, even if it is just for a few months," he says.

LOAD-DATE: December 29, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright  2006 Capitol Hill Publishing Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              374 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 14, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Dialing in on race and gender at the FCC

SECTION: USR; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 484 words


Why should the likes of Michael Jordan, Bill Cosby, Oprah Winfrey and Marge
Schott qualify for special treatment by the government? None would seem to need
a boost out of the ranks of the underprivileged. But if they chose, they and
others like them could be, among the potential beneficiaries of federal largess
denied to more than a third of the population.

The largess is this: Last Thursday, the Federal Communications Commission voted
to give women and minorities 15% to 25% discounts on their bids for wireless
telephone licenses. In other words, these favored groups would have to pay only
85% of the amount they bid for a license, 75% if their businesses are worth less
than $ 40 million.

This is the latest example of the descent of contemporary politics into a
squalid racial and gender spoils system. There may be more pernicious ways to
promote strife and to marginalize the notion that merit should be the touchstone
of success, but they do not readily come to mind.

Such rules handicap white males and shower women and minorities with rich
benefits even though they make no claim of discrimination or impoverishment.
Those who are really disadvantaged are guilty of nothing but the sins of
maleness and whiteness.

Other examples of racial and gender spoils are everywhere. The Resolution Trust
Corp. prefers minorities and women in auctioning real estate. Minority and
female contractors are favored in highway construction. Racially exclusive
scholarships are common at state universities, as are racial preferences in
admissions. Boundaries of congressional districts are routinely manipulated to
ensure victory by a particular racial or ethnic minority. De facto quotas guide
the selection of judges and executive appointees.

What justifies this long list of race- and gender-based privileges? It is not to
remedy past discrimination; if that were so, proof of victimization would be
required of beneficiaries. It is not to overcome disadvantage; if that were the
aim, white males born and raised in poverty would qualify.

The crass purpose is to purchase political backing by favored groups at the
exorbitant cost of fairness and social harmony.

As Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis lectured: "Our government is the potent,
the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its
example." By accentuating and rewarding race and gender differences, government
teaches citizens to do the same. It thus puts even farther off the day when
individuals are judged by their character - a cherished dream of Martin Luther
King Jr.

The progress of the United States has pivoted on replacing the shackles of
caste, race and gender with individual talents and industry as the determinant
of social esteem and prosperity. It is individual rights, not group
entitlements, that our Constitution celebrates. We neglect that understanding at
our peril.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              375 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                    November 14, 1994, Monday, FINAL EDITION

Stop misguided giveaways based on race, gender

BYLINE: Bruce Fein

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 14A

LENGTH: 484 words


Why should the likes of Michael Jordan, Bill Cosby, Oprah Winfrey and Marge
Schott qualify for special treatment by the government? None would seem to need
a boost out of the ranks of the underprivileged. But if they chose, they and
others like them could be among the potential beneficiaries of federal largess
denied to more than a third of the population.

The largess is this: Last Thursday, the Federal Communications Commission voted
to give women and minorities 15% to 25% discounts on their bids for wireless
telephone licenses. In other words, these favored groups would have to pay only
85% of the amount they bid for a license, 75% if their businesses are worth less
than $ 40 million.

This is the latest example of the descent of contemporary politics into a
squalid racial and gender spoils system. There may be more pernicious ways to
promote strife and to marginalize the notion that merit should be the touchstone
of success, but they do not readily come to mind.

Such rules handicap white males and shower women and minorities with rich
benefits even though they make no claim of discrimination or impoverishment.
Those who are really disadvantaged are guilty of nothing but the sins of
maleness and whiteness.

Other examples of racial and gender spoils are everywhere. The Resolution Trust
Corp. prefers minorities and women in auctioning real estate. Minority and
female contractors are favored in highway construction. Racially exclusive
scholarships are common at state universities, as are racial preferences in
admissions. Boundaries of congressional districts are routinely manipulated to
ensure victory by a particular racial or ethnic minority. De facto quotas guide
the selection of judges and executive appointees.

What justifies this long list of race- and gender-based privileges? It is not to
remedy past discrimination; if that were so, proof of victimization would be
required of beneficiaries. It is not to overcome disadvantage; if that were the
aim, white males born and raised in poverty would qualify.

The crass purpose is to purchase political backing by favored groups at the
exorbitant cost of fairness and social harmony.

As Supreme Court Justice Louis Brandeis lectured: "Our government is the potent,
the omnipresent teacher. For good or for ill, it teaches the whole people by its
example." By accentuating and rewarding race and gender differences, government
teaches citizens to do the same. It thus puts even farther off the day when
individuals are judged by their character - a cherished dream of Martin Luther
King Jr.

The progress of the United States has pivoted on replacing the shackles of
caste, race and gender with individual talents and industry as the determinant
of social esteem and prosperity. It is individual rights, not group
entitlements, that our Constitution celebrates. We neglect that understanding at
our peril.

LOAD-DATE: November 16, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Bruce Fein is former general counsel to the Federal
Communications Commission and associate deputy attorney general.

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              376 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The Ottawa Citizen

                    August 29, 1998, Saturday, FINAL EDITION

Oracle touts Business Online: corporate software via Web

BYLINE: JAY GREENE; THE SEATTLE TIMES

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D5

DATELINE: SEATTLE, Washington


The president of Oracle, one of Microsoft's chief competitors and critics, is
touting a new product he believes will ultimately marginalize the Redmond,
Washington, software giant's dominance of the software industry.

This week, Oracle unveiled Business Online, a product that will allow companies
to lease computer software and space on the Internet. Oracle hopes to launch the
product later this year.

"This is not an Oracle plot against Microsoft," Oracle president Ray Lane said.
"This is what customers want."

Mr. Lane visited Seattle to meet with customers and help launch a Web page
listing jobs for low-income workers. Later, he talked about Oracle's vision of
the future, when companies tap into Web sites operated by database-management
companies, such as Oracle, to run their businesses.

Computers for office workers would run off a central server, such as Oracle's
Business Online, instead of individual personal computers, Microsoft's core
business. Companies then could choose which applications employees would have
access to and those could be improved as upgrades come on the market.

Mr. Lane said companies would need only a relatively cheap $ 700 computer for
each employee, equipped with just an Internet browser and perhaps
word-processing and spreadsheet programs.

That view of the future strikes at the heart of Microsoft's business. While the
company is investing heavily in the Internet, the bulk of its business is
selling operating systems and software applications.

Though Oracle, the world's second-largest software company behind Microsoft, has
criticized Microsoft for using its operating-system monopoly to stifle
innovation elsewhere, Mr. Lane said that Business Online is strictly business --
something he said is being demanded by customers.

Microsoft, meanwhile, said the two companies must be talking to different
customers.

Businesses want a variety of options, some that include Web-based computing and
some that don't, Microsoft spokesman Greg Shaw said. He called Mr. Lane's view
"a little Orwellian."

"Our customers will want a number of different types of solutions," Mr. Shaw
said. "It's not a one-type-of-technology-fits-all."



LOAD-DATE: August 30, 1998

LENGTH: 368 words

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

               Copyright 1998 CanWest Interactive, a division of
                      CanWest Global Communications Corp.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              377 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        The International Herald Tribune

                            January 17, 2006 Tuesday

Globalizing Martin Luther King's legacy;
A commitment to nonviolence

BYLINE: Taylor Branch

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 6

LENGTH: 1548 words

DATELINE: BALTIMORE


The Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.'s name carries more resonance than impact
noble, universal, yet bounded by race and time.

The official celebration of his birthday draws tributes to the end of legal
segregation, reprises of landmark oratory and varied appraisals of problems for
minorities. Yet despite America's high-stakes national commitment to advance
free government around the world, Americans consistently marginalize or ignore
King's commitment to the core values of democracy.

His own words present a vast and urgent landscape for freedom. ''No American is
without responsibility,'' King declared only hours after the 1965 ''Bloody
Sunday'' repulse of voting rights marchers in Selma, Alabama.

''All are involved in the sorrow that rises from Selma to contaminate every
crevice of our national life,'' he added. ''The struggle in Selma is for the
survival of democracy everywhere in our land.''

His public appeal gathered an overnight host from many states behind a blockaded
vigil. When white supremacists beat one volunteer to death with impunity, King
responded with prophetic witness against the grain of violence. ''Out of the
wombs of a frail world,'' he assured mourners, ''new systems of equality and
justice are being born.''

Selma released waves of political energy from the human nucleus of freedom.
Ordinary citizens ventured across cultural barriers, aroused a transnational
conscience and engaged all three branches of government.

After the landmark Voting Rights Act of 1965, King claimed that the distinctive
methods of sharecroppers and students had revived nothing less than the
visionary heritage of the American Revolution.

''The stirring lesson of this age is that mass nonviolent direct action is not a
peculiar device for Negro agitation,'' he told the Synagogue Council of America.
''Rather it is a historically validated method for defending freedom and
democracy, and for enlarging these values for the benefit of the whole
society.''

This effusive axiom went unnoticed, but the blessings of freedom did ripple far
beyond the black victims of caste. As King predicted, the civil rights movement
liberated segregationists themselves.

The integrity of law enforcement rose with a stark decline in racial terror. The
Atlanta Braves joined the first professional sports teams to spring up at
integrated stadiums, and business radiated Sun Belt growth into a region of
historic poverty.

In elections, new black voters generated the 20th century's first two-party
competition to displace the ossified regimes of white supremacy. The stigma of
segregation no longer curtailed a Southerner's chances for high national office,
and fresh candidates rose swiftly to leadership in both national parties.
Parallel tides opened doors for the first female students at some universities
and most private colleges, then the military academies.

Overseas, as an amalgam of forces suddenly dissolved the Soviet empire atop its
mountain of nuclear weapons, King's message echoed in the strains of ''We Shall
Overcome'' heard along the Berlin Wall and the streets of Prague. Likewise,
South African apartheid melted without the long-dreaded racial Armageddon, on
miraculous healing words from a former prisoner, Nelson Mandela.

Students shocked the world from Tiananmen Square with nonviolent demonstrations
modeled on American sit-ins, planting seeds of democracy within the
authoritarian shell of Chinese Communism.

These and other sweeping trends from the civil rights era have transformed daily
life in many countries, and now their benefit is scarcely contested. Yet the
political discourse behind them is atrophied. Public service has fallen into sad
disrepute. Spitballs pass for debate. Comedians write the best-selling books on
civics. King's ideas are not so much rebutted as cordoned off or begrudged, and
for two generations his voice of anguished hope has given way to a dominant
slogan that government itself is bad.

Above all, no one speaks for nonviolence. Indeed, the most powerful discipline
from the freedom movement was the first to be ridiculed across the political
spectrum. ''A hundred political commentators have interred nonviolence into a
premature grave,'' King complained after Selma. The concept seemed alien and
unmanly. It came to embarrass many civil rights veterans, even though
nonviolence lies at the heart of democracy.

Every ballot the most basic element of free government is by definition a piece
of nonviolence, symbolizing hard-won or hopeful consent to raise politics above
anarchy and war.

The boldest principles of democratic character undergird the civil rights
movement's nonviolent training. James Madison, arguing to ratify the
Constitution in 1788, summoned ''every votary of freedom to rest all our
political experiments on the capacity of mankind for self-government,'' and he
added that no form of government can secure liberty ''without virtue in the
people.''

By steeling themselves to endure blows without retaliation, and remaining
steadfastly open to civil contact with their oppressors, civil rights
demonstrators offered shining examples of the revolutionary balance that
launched the American system: self-government and public trust. All the rest is
careful adjustment.

Like Madison, the marchers from Selma turned rulers and subjects into fellow
citizens. A largely invisible people offered leadership in the role of modern
founders. For an incandescent decade, from 1955 to 1965, the heirs of slavery
lifted the whole world toward freedom.

Weariness and war intruded. In the White House, President Lyndon Johnson
wrestled the political subtleties of sending soldiers to guarantee liberty at
home. ''Troops leave a bitter taste in the mouths of all the people,'' cautioned
Defense Secretary Robert McNamara. The president moaned simultaneously over
predictions of bloody stalemate if he sent troops to Vietnam, saying the
prospect ''makes the chills run up my back,'' but he succumbed to schoolyard
politics. The American people, he feared, ''will forgive you for everything
except being weak.''

Lamenting religious leaders who accommodated the war, King defended nonviolence
on two fronts. ''Have they forgotten that my ministry is in obedience to the one
who loved his enemies so fully that he died for them?'' he asked. ''What then
can I say to the Vietcong, or to Castro, or to Mao? Can I threaten them with
death or must I not share with them my life?''

In politics, King endorsed a strategic alternative to violence. ''We will stop
communism by letting the world know that democracy is a better government than
any other government,'' he told his congregation, ''and by making justice a
reality for all of God's children.''

Pressures intensified within King's own movement. To battered young colleagues
who wondered why nonviolence was consigned mostly to black people, while others
admired James Bond, he could only commend the burden as a redemptive sacrifice.

Change was slow, however, for a land still dotted with lynching, and frustration
turned to rebellion as the war in Vietnam hardened the political climate. When
offered incendiary but fleeting fame in 1966, the leaders of various black power
movements repudiated nonviolence along with the vote itself, which they had
given so much to win.

Meanwhile, Lyndon Johnson steadily lost his presidency at home before he could
forge any political order in Vietnam. Although casualty figures confirmed the
heavy advantage of American arms, Johnson fell victim to a historical paradox
evolving since the age of Napoleon: Modern warfare destroys more but governs
less one reason military commanders seem, in my limited experience, more
skeptical than civilians about the political use of lethal force.

*

King grew ever more lonely in conviction about the gateway to constructive
politics. ''I'm committed to nonviolence absolutely,'' he wrote. ''I'm just not
going to kill anybody, whether it's in Vietnam or here.''

When discouragement invaded his own staff, he exhorted them to rise above fear
and hatred alike. ''We must not be intimidated by those who are laughing at
nonviolence now,'' he told them on his last birthday.

His oratory fused the political promise of equal votes with the spiritual
doctrine of equal souls. He planted one foot in American heritage, the other in
scripture, and both in nonviolence.

''I say to you that our goal is freedom,'' he said in his last Sunday sermon.
''And I believe we're going to get there because, however much she strays from
it, the goal of America is freedom.''

Only hours before his death, King startled an aide with a balmy aside from his
unpopular movement to uplift the poor. ''In our next campaign,'' he remarked,
''we have to institutionalize nonviolence and take it international.''

The United States would do well to incorporate this goal into its mission
abroad, reinforcing the place of nonviolence among the fundamentals of
democracy, along with equal citizenship, self-government and accountable public
trust.

America could also restore King's role in the continuing story of freedom to its
rightful prominence, emphasizing that the best way to safeguard democracy is to
practice it.

***

Taylor Branch is the author, most recently, of ''At Canaan's Edge,'' the third
volume of his biography of the Reverend Martin Luther King Jr.

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              378 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                            February 5, 2006 Sunday

More politicians targeting dissent;
Debate now extends to printing on T-shirts

BYLINE: STEVEN THOMMA, Washington Bureau

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. 16A

LENGTH: 972 words


WASHINGTON -- The ejection of two women from the U.S. Capitol before President
Bush's State of the Union speech last week for wearing T-shirts that carried a
message was the latest incident in a growing trend of stifling dissent in
politics.

Capitol Police later apologized for ejecting the women from the House of
Representatives gallery -- after one of them, the wife of a congressman,
complained bitterly, as did her husband. The police acknowledged they'd acted
overzealously.

But their actions weren't atypical. Protesters outside political conventions are
herded behind razor wire far from the action, citizens wearing a rival
candidate's stickers are forcefully ejected from campaign rallies on public
property and those who heckle the president or broadcast issue ads within 60
days of an election can be prosecuted.

The tension between the Capitol Police and the women is symbolic of the constant
conflict between those who seek to silence dissent and those who advocate free
speech.

"This is the latest manifestation of the desire by those in power to minimize
criticism and marginalize critics," said Nadine Strossen, president of the
American Civil Liberties Union.

This is dissent via T-shirts.

Anti-war activist Cindy Sheehan wore one to Tuesday's State of the Union speech.
It proclaimed "2245 Dead. How many more?" Police charged her with a misdemeanor
for unlawful disruptive conduct in the Capitol.

Later, police ejected Beverly Young, wife of Rep. C.W. Young, R-Fla., for
wearing a shirt that said "Support the Troops -- Defending Our Freedom."

It wasn't the first time that police have ejected Capitol visitors who wore
message T-shirts -- and the practice isn't limited to the Capitol.

In Denver last year, three people were thrown out of a Bush town-hall meeting on
Social Security after they arrived in a car sporting a bumper sticker that
proclaimed: "No more blood for oil" and wore T-shirts under their other clothes
that said "Stop the Lies."

Evicting people who oppose the president, even if they don't say a word, was a
carryover from Bush's 2004 campaign.

In Charleston, W.Va., for example, a couple was arrested for wearing anti-Bush
T-shirts to a Bush rally in the state Capitol building on the Fourth of July.
Police said they acted under orders from federal officials. The charges were
dropped, and the mayor apologized.

In Saginaw, Mich., Bush campaign workers ejected a woman for wearing a
pro-choice T-shirt. The campaign said at the time that it had to throw out
people who might make a scene.

In 2004, protesters at both national party conventions were herded into areas
far away from delegates, officials and the news media. At the Democratic
National Convention in Boston, protesters were kept in enclosed areas surrounded
by fences topped with razor wire and watched by armed police.

It's a crime, punishable by up to six months in prison, to disrupt an event
guarded by the Secret Service, which includes presidential rallies. (A proposed
extension of the Patriot Act now being negotiated in Congress would broaden such
prohibitions to other vaguely defined national events.)

Does a T-shirt "disrupt" an event? To the political operatives who ejected
people on the basis of their shirts -- or ordered them arrested -- a shirt can
be disruptive.

But no one's been convicted yet, and T-shirt prosecutions likely would be
challenged as an affront to the First Amendment's guarantee of free speech.

The Supreme Court ruled in 1971 that it wasn't illegal to wear an obscene
anti-Vietnam war jacket in a California courthouse, despite a state law
prohibiting such messages because they might incite violence.

The campaign against dissent predates the recent T-shirt confrontations.

A 2002 campaign-finance reform designed to regulate the flow of money into
politics prohibited broadcasts of issue ads within 60 days of elections.

"We were not allowed to take out radio ads," said the ACLU's Strossen. "We
wanted to do ads calling on both party candidates to oppose the Patriot Act.
That is now a crime. If we had done that, I would have faced a five-year prison
term."

The Supreme Court recently ordered a three-judge panel to re-examine the
prohibition, which could lead to lifting the ban, but not until after the 2006
elections.

Silencing dissent isn't unique to the national government. Former New York Mayor
Rudy Giuliani once ordered city buses to remove an ad for the New Yorker
magazine that made fun of him.

Nor is it limited to one political party, noted Robert O'Neil, director of the
Thomas Jefferson Center for the Protection of Free Expression in
Charlottesville, Va. Both major parties limit speech at their national
conventions, he said.

This trend has a chilling effect on those who disagree with people in power,
analysts say.

"The long-term consequence is a higher degree of self-censorship," O'Neil said.
"Society is the poorer when deprived of the marketplace of ideas."

The Supreme Court ruled in 1971 that it wasn't illegal to wear an obscene
anti-Vietnam war jacket in a California courthouse, despite a state law
prohibiting such messages because they might incite violence. HOW it used to be

Politicians used to respond to hecklers with wit or anger.

In his 1960 presidential campaign, John Kennedy often was met by people who
shouted, "We want Nixon." Kennedy responded, "I don't think you're going to get
him."

In 1964, Barry Goldwater was accosted by a heckler who shouted, "You ... fascist
bastard." Goldwater shot back, "If you call me a bastard again, I'll meet you
outside." That won over the previously hostile audience at Rutgers University,
recalled writer William Safire.

In 1984, Ronald Reagan was surprised by the affection he received on college
campuses. After one visit to Ohio State, he wrote in his diary, "The O.S.U.
students were on fire; another small heckler group only added to the fun."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              379 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                             August 9, 2015 Sunday
                                 Every Edition

Senator assailed on Iran stance

BYLINE: David Nakamura;Paul Kane

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1314 words


The White House aggressively struck back Friday after Sen. Charles E. Schumer
announced his opposition to President Obama's Iran nuclear deal, suggesting the
New York Democrat could lose support to become party leader in the Senate in
2016 if he helps block the accord.

The response was the latest example of the president's take-no-prisoners
approach to ensuring the survival of a pact he views as a legacy-defining
achievement that could help remake the security situation in the turbulent
Middle East.

The White House and its allies expressed confidence that Schumer's opposition
would not be enough to derail the Iran deal. Senate Democratic aides said 14
members of the caucus have expressed support, and Schumer is the only one to
publicly oppose it.

But both sides acknowledged that the debate is now headed into a period of
uncertainty as Obama leaves town for a two-week vacation in Martha's Vineyard
and Congress breaks for its six-week summer recess. As lawmakers head home to
their districts, some are expected to be confronted by constituents who oppose
the deal, and several influential Jewish American groups have launched
multimillion-dollar advertising campaigns against it.

Although Schumer indicated that he would not actively encourage others to vote
against the Iran deal, the White House moved to marginalize his position, citing
his support for the Iraq war in 2003 as part of a long-standing tendency to
disagree with Obama on foreign policy and the use of American power.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest dismissed Schumer's stance, saying it
is "not particularly surprising to anybody here at the White House, even if it
was disappointing."

Schumer's position "doesn't change our confidence that we'll be able to mobilize
a substantial majority of Democrats," Earnest said, but he suggested lawmakers
should question whether Schumer is fit to become the party's leader in the
Senate next term, saying members may want to "consider the voting record of
those who want to lead the caucus."

Close White House allies made similar arguments.

"Senator Schumer siding with the GOP against Obama, [Hillary] Clinton and most
Democrats will make it hard for him to lead the Dems in '16," Dan Pfeiffer, who
served as Obama's senior political adviser until leaving in February, wrote on
Twitter. "The base won't support a leader who thought Obamacare was a mistake
and wants War with Iran," he wrote in another tweet.

Schumer has previously criticized the timing of passing Obama's Affordable Care
Act as a political mistake. Despite the White House reaction, Schumer maintains
broad support among his colleagues, and there is no indication that his expected
ascension to Senate minority leader is in jeopardy.

Schumer, who is Jewish, said he had decided not to support the agreement out of
concern that it would strengthen Iran by boosting its economy and ultimately may
not prevent the country from developing a nuclear bomb.

Obama publicity blitz

The attacks on Schumer were part of a forceful campaign by Obama to defend the
Iran deal.

The president has pledged to veto any bill rejecting the accord, which would
lift economic sanctions against Iran and require the country to dismantle much
of its nuclear infrastructure.

He has bluntly confronted his opponents, including Republicans, Jewish American
leaders and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, stating that they would
prefer war over a diplomatic solution to contain Tehran's nuclear ambitions.

Obama has also launched a publicity blitz that has included a major speech at
American University, a private two-hour session at the White House with
two-dozen Jewish American leaders, and an on-the-record chat with nine
foreign-policy columnists. It will culminate with an interview with CNN's Fareed
Zakaria that will air Sunday.

Republicans have chided Obama for his harsh tone, and House Speaker John A.
Boehner (R-Ohio) on Friday said Obama's attacks on opponents amounted to
"slander."

But Earnest stood by Obama's contention that Republicans had made "common cause"
with Iranian hard-liners who opposed the deal.

"It was a statement of fact," Earnest said this week. Asked whether Democrats
who are calling on Obama to seek a better deal with Iran are "pursuing a
fantasy," as Obama had accused Republicans, Earnest replied: "The suggestion
that there is a better deal is a fantasy. The president stands by those remarks
entirely."

Obama has countered that his critics have used unfair and misleading arguments
to rally opposition. During the private White House meeting with Jewish American
leaders, the president suggested that his opponents tone down their rhetoric if
they wanted him to do the same, according to several participants. Obama was
particularly irked by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee's $20 million
ad campaign against the plan.

One participant, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss a private
conversation, said Obama argued "that this would not be as big an issue and as
big a fight if basically the pro-Israel community was not making it into a big
fight. . . . So essentially the takeaway was that he was broadly asking the
organizations to consider stepping back."

Seeking a close victory

Schumer is expected to take over from retiring Sen. Harry M. Reid (Nev.) as the
leader of the Senate Democrats after the next election cycle. His independence
from the West Wing has made him a target at times for liberal activists. But he
is a respected figure inside the Democratic caucus and clinched the race to
succeed Reid within hours of the leader's announcement that he would retire.

Schumer's long wait to announce his opposition to the Iran deal - more than
three weeks after it was formally sent to Congress - left an opening that was
filled by a steady stream of announcements of support from other senior
Democrats. Sen. Tammy Baldwin (Wis.) on Friday became the 14th congressional
Democrat to publicly support the deal.

Sens. Dianne Feinstein (Calif.) and Barbara Boxer (Calif.), the most senior
Jewish Democrats in the Senate, both backed the deal. Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.)
had been a target for opponents of the accord, in part because his state is home
to many powerful Jewish figures. Instead, in a floor speech Tuesday, Nelson
embraced the pact.

The deal has also won critical backing from a new generation of Democrats who
have raised their profile by focusing on global affairs: First-term Sens.
Timothy M. Kaine (Va.), a potential vice presidential pick for 2016, and Chris
Murphy (Conn.).

In addition to Schumer, Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) has been highly critical
and is expected to oppose the deal.

The administration will be happy if it gets just enough support to be able to
uphold a veto and is not seeking a large margin, a White House official said.
The aide said that a close victory would suffice and that the administration is
not trying to get enough votes to filibuster and prevent a Senate vote.

Rep. Adam B. Schiff (D-Calif.), who is the top Democrat on the House Select
Committee on Intelligence and who announced his support for the deal last week,
said Schumer's decision "doesn't change the dynamic that much."

"The only surprise may have been the timing," Schiff said."I think many people
thought he may have waited longer than he did."

The timing will allow well-funded deal opponents to tout Schumer's opposition in
a month's worth of television ads. But there is little sign thus far that
Schumer himself intends to participate in a broader public relations campaign
against the deal.

"There are some who believe that I can force my colleagues to vote my way,"
Schumer said in a statement Thursday. "In my experience with matters of
conscience and great consequence like this, each member ultimately comes to
their own conclusion."

david.nakamura@washpost.com

paul.kane@washpost.com

Mike DeBonis and Steven Mufson contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 10, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              380 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                              The Washington Post

                            August 8, 2015 Saturday
                                 Met 2 Edition

Senator assailed on Iran stance

BYLINE: David Nakamura;Paul Kane

SECTION: A-SECTION; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1321 words


The White House aggressively struck back Friday after Sen. Charles E. Schumer
announced his opposition to President Obama's Iran nuclear deal, suggesting the
New York Democrat could lose support to become party leader in the Senate in
2016 if he helps block the accord.

The response was the latest example of the president's take-no-prisoners
approach to ensuring the survival of a pact he views as a legacy-defining
achievement that could help remake the security situation in the turbulent
Middle East.

The White House and its allies expressed confidence that Schumer's opposition
would not be enough to derail the Iran deal. Senate Democratic aides said 15
members of the caucus have expressed support, and Schumer is the only one to
publicly oppose it.

But both sides acknowledged that the debate is now headed into a period of
uncertainty as Obama leaves town for a two-week vacation in Martha's Vineyard
and Congress breaks for its six-week summer recess. As lawmakers head home to
their districts, some are expected to be confronted by constituents who oppose
the deal, and several influential Jewish American groups have launched
multimillion-dollar advertising campaigns against it.

Although Schumer indicated that he would not actively encourage others to vote
against the Iran deal, the White House moved to marginalize his position, citing
his support for the Iraq war in 2003 as part of a long-standing tendency to
disagree with Obama on foreign policy and the use of American power.

White House press secretary Josh Earnest dismissed Schumer's stance, saying it
is "not particularly surprising to anybody here at the White House, even if it
was disappointing."

Schumer's position "doesn't change our confidence that we'll be able to mobilize
a substantial majority of Democrats," Earnest said, but he suggested lawmakers
should question whether Schumer is fit to become the party's leader in the
Senate, saying members may want to "consider the voting record of those who want
to lead the caucus."

Close White House allies made similar arguments.

"Senator Schumer siding with the GOP against Obama, [Hillary] Clinton and most
Democrats will make it hard for him to lead the Dems in '16," Dan Pfeiffer, who
served as Obama's senior political adviser until leaving in February, wrote on
Twitter. "The base won't support a leader who thought Obamacare was a mistake
and wants War with Iran," he wrote in another tweet.

Schumer has previously criticized the timing of passing Obama's Affordable Care
Act as a political mistake. Despite the White House reaction, Schumer maintains
broad support among his colleagues, and there is no indication that his expected
ascension to Senate minority leader is in jeopardy.

Schumer, who is Jewish, said he had decided not to support the agreement out of
concern that it would strengthen Iran by boosting its economy and ultimately may
not prevent the country from developing a nuclear bomb.

Obama publicity blitz

The attacks on Schumer were part of a forceful campaign by Obama to defend the
Iran deal.

The president has pledged to veto any bill rejecting the accord, which would
lift economic sanctions against Iran and require the country to dismantle much
of its nuclear infrastructure.

He has bluntly confronted his opponents, including Republicans, Jewish American
leaders and Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu, stating that they would
prefer war over a diplomatic solution to contain Tehran's nuclear ambitions.

Obama has also launched a publicity blitz that has included a major speech at
American University, a private two-hour session at the White House with
two-dozen Jewish American leaders, and an on-the-record chat with nine
foreign-policy columnists. It will culminate with an interview with CNN's Fareed
Zakaria that will air Sunday.

Republicans have chided Obama for his harsh tone, and House Speaker John A.
Boehner (R-Ohio) on Friday said Obama's attacks on opponents amounted to
"slander."

But Earnest stood by Obama's contention that Republicans had made "common cause"
with Iranian hard-liners who opposed the deal.

"It was a statement of fact," Earnest said this week. Asked whether Democrats
who are calling on Obama to seek a better deal with Iran are "pursuing a
fantasy," as Obama had accused Republicans, Earnest replied: "The suggestion
that there is a better deal is a fantasy. The president stands by those remarks
entirely."

Obama has countered that his critics have used unfair and misleading arguments
to rally opposition. During the private White House meeting with Jewish American
leaders, the president suggested that his opponents tone down their rhetoric if
they wanted him to do the same, according to several participants. Obama was
particularly irked by the American Israel Public Affairs Committee's $20 million
ad campaign against the plan.

One participant, speaking on the condition of anonymity to discuss a private
conversation, said Obama argued "that this would not be as big an issue and as
big a fight if basically the pro-Israel community was not making it into a big
fight. . . . So essentially the takeaway was that he was broadly asking the
organizations to consider stepping back."

Seeking a close victory

Schumer is expected to take over from retiring Sen. Harry M. Reid (Nev.) as the
leader of the Senate Democrats after the next election cycle. His independence
from the West Wing has made him a target at times for liberal activists. But he
is a respected figure inside the Democratic caucus and clinched the race to
succeed Reid within hours of the leader's announcement that he would retire.

Schumer's long wait to announce his opposition to the Iran deal - more than
three weeks after it was formally sent to Congress - left an opening that was
filled by a steady stream of announcements of support from other senior
Democrats. Sens. Tammy Baldwin (Wis.) and Bernie Sanders (I-Vt.) on Friday
became the 14th and 15th members of the Democratic caucus in the Senate to
publicly support the deal.

Sens. Dianne Feinstein (Calif.) and Barbara Boxer (Calif.), the most senior
Jewish Democrats in the Senate, both backed the deal. Sen. Bill Nelson (D-Fla.)
had been a target for opponents of the accord, in part because his state is home
to powerful Jewish figures. Instead, in a floor speech Tuesday, Nelson embraced
the pact.

The deal has also won critical backing from a new generation of Democrats who
have raised their profile by focusing on global affairs: First-term Sens.
Timothy M. Kaine (Va.), a potential vice presidential pick for 2016, and Chris
Murphy (Conn.).

In addition to Schumer, Sen. Robert Menendez (D-N.J.) has been highly critical
and is expected to oppose the deal.

The administration will be happy if it gets just enough support to be able to
uphold a veto and is not seeking a large margin, a White House official said.
The aide said that a close victory would suffice and that the administration is
not trying to get enough votes to filibuster and prevent a Senate vote.

Rep. Adam B. Schiff (Calif.), who is the top Democrat on the House Select
Committee on Intelligence and who announced his support for the deal last week,
said Schumer's decision "doesn't change the dynamic that much."

"The only surprise may have been the timing," Schiff said."I think many people
thought he may have waited longer than he did."

The timing will allow well-funded deal opponents to tout Schumer's opposition in
a month's worth of television ads. But there is little sign thus far that
Schumer himself intends to participate in a broader public relations campaign
against the deal.

"There are some who believe that I can force my colleagues to vote my way,"
Schumer said in a statement Thursday. "In my experience with matters of
conscience and great consequence like this, each member ultimately comes to
their own conclusion."

david.nakamura@washpost.com

paul.kane@washpost.com

Mike DeBonis and Steven Mufson contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: August 8, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DISTRIBUTION: Every Zone

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


     Copyright 2015 Washingtonpost.Newsweek Interactive Company, LLC d/b/a
                            Washington Post Digital
                              All Rights Reserved


                              381 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

ICYMI: Charlotte Sun: Grandstanders cost Florida its clout in Congress

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Thomas J.Rooney, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:


Representatives flout speaker, marginalize themselves and their districts.
   Wednesday's Tampa Tribune analysis of Florida's congressional delegation
highlighted its lack of clout the day after freshman Rep. Curt Clawson voted for
Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky as House speaker and his fellow Republicans Rep.
Daniel Webster and Rep. Ted Yoho ran symbolic last-minute campaigns for Speaker
John Boehner's spot. The three were among 25 Republicans who voted against
Boehner, who nonetheless won re-election to his third term as speaker.


   Not exactly the best way to win friends in the House leadership and earn
coveted committee assignments that will influence legislation or policies
impacting Florida residents. Boehner almost immediately removed Webster, a
former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, from the powerful Rules
Committee, which determines which bills get voted on by the full House.
   Jerome Stockfisch's Tribune report cited a Roll Call ranking that put
Florida's delegation 33rd in "clout per member," despite the group's overall No.
2 clout ranking, based on the state's size and importance in national politics.
Only one of the 29 members of Florida's members of Congress (27 representatives
and two senators), has been awarded a committee chairmanship.
   Clawson's stunt ensures that his constituents will be represented in Congress
by their third consecutive GOP back-bencher, following a brief stint by
disgraced former Rep. Trey Radel, who resigned after his arrest for buying
cocaine from an undercover police officer, and failed senatorial candidate and
former Rep. Connie Mack. While House rules don't require the speaker to be a
representative, Clawson's vote for Paul stands out for its meaninglessness. The
inability of Webster, Yoho and Clawson to cobble together a cohesive "protest"
vote against Boehner within their own delegation shows an embarrassing
ham-handedness.
   A Roll Call story about the GOP defectors described the self-defeating impact
of the anti-Boehner votes. "We can let them walk on certain bills, and it just
won't matter. That gives us breathing room," the Capitol Hill newspaper quoted a
Republican congressional source. So the effort to force Boehner to shift
rightward toward the tea partydominated wing of the House wound up further
undermining the caucus and isolating the three Florida representatives.
   Rep. Vern Buchanan, who represents Sarasota County, and Tom Rooney, whose
district includes Charlotte and DeSoto counties, both voted for Boehner,
steering clear of the electoral sideshow performed by their colleagues.
Buchanan, who is cochair of the Florida delegation, serves on the powerful Ways
and Means Committee. Rooney, now entering his fourth term, serves on the
influential Appropriations Committee.
   Rooney has shown his effectiveness by securing funding for critical research
into citrus greening, a pest-bourne disease that has decimated Florida citrus
industry. Buchanan has been an independent voice in a polarized,
with-us-or-against-us climate. But as Boehner called for in his victory speech,
Buchanan has succeeded in the Capitol by disagreeing without being disagreeable.

   If Floridians hope to see better results from their sizable congressional
delegation, they would be wise to send people to Washington who want to make
policy, not headlines (or even the funny pages).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 15, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              382 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 14, 2015 Wednesday

ICYMI: Charlotte Sun: Grandstanders cost Florida its clout in Congress

LENGTH: 598  words

DATELINE: Washington


Office of House of Representative Thomas J.Rooney, U.S Government has issued the
following news release:


Representatives flout speaker, marginalize themselves and their districts.
   Wednesday's Tampa Tribune analysis of Florida's congressional delegation
highlighted its lack of clout the day after freshman Rep. Curt Clawson voted for
Sen. Rand Paul of Kentucky as House speaker and his fellow Republicans Rep.
Daniel Webster and Rep. Ted Yoho ran symbolic last-minute campaigns for Speaker
John Boehner's spot. The three were among 25 Republicans who voted against
Boehner, who nonetheless won re-election to his third term as speaker.


   Not exactly the best way to win friends in the House leadership and earn
coveted committee assignments that will influence legislation or policies
impacting Florida residents. Boehner almost immediately removed Webster, a
former speaker of the Florida House of Representatives, from the powerful Rules
Committee, which determines which bills get voted on by the full House.
   Jerome Stockfisch's Tribune report cited a Roll Call ranking that put
Florida's delegation 33rd in "clout per member," despite the group's overall No.
2 clout ranking, based on the state's size and importance in national politics.
Only one of the 29 members of Florida's members of Congress (27 representatives
and two senators), has been awarded a committee chairmanship.
   Clawson's stunt ensures that his constituents will be represented in Congress
by their third consecutive GOP back-bencher, following a brief stint by
disgraced former Rep. Trey Radel, who resigned after his arrest for buying
cocaine from an undercover police officer, and failed senatorial candidate and
former Rep. Connie Mack. While House rules don't require the speaker to be a
representative, Clawson's vote for Paul stands out for its meaninglessness. The
inability of Webster, Yoho and Clawson to cobble together a cohesive "protest"
vote against Boehner within their own delegation shows an embarrassing
ham-handedness.
   A Roll Call story about the GOP defectors described the self-defeating impact
of the anti-Boehner votes. "We can let them walk on certain bills, and it just
won't matter. That gives us breathing room," the Capitol Hill newspaper quoted a
Republican congressional source. So the effort to force Boehner to shift
rightward toward the tea partydominated wing of the House wound up further
undermining the caucus and isolating the three Florida representatives.
   Rep. Vern Buchanan, who represents Sarasota County, and Tom Rooney, whose
district includes Charlotte and DeSoto counties, both voted for Boehner,
steering clear of the electoral sideshow performed by their colleagues.
Buchanan, who is cochair of the Florida delegation, serves on the powerful Ways
and Means Committee. Rooney, now entering his fourth term, serves on the
influential Appropriations Committee.
   Rooney has shown his effectiveness by securing funding for critical research
into citrus greening, a pest-bourne disease that has decimated Florida citrus
industry. Buchanan has been an independent voice in a polarized,
with-us-or-against-us climate. But as Boehner called for in his victory speech,
Buchanan has succeeded in the Capitol by disagreeing without being disagreeable.

   If Floridians hope to see better results from their sizable congressional
delegation, they would be wise to send people to Washington who want to make
policy, not headlines (or even the funny pages).

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: April 19, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              383 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                              July 8, 2013 Monday

Johnny Depp and 'the race issue' in 'The Lone Ranger'

BYLINE: By Aisha Harris, Slate

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 1163 words


NEW YORK   Even if Johnny Depp hadn't made some rather boneheaded comments about
his intentions in bringing back Tonto, the American Indian sidekick in Gore
Verbinski's "Lone Ranger" reboot, the resurrection would have faced scrutiny for
reinforcing ethnic stereotypes   and it did. But those comments certainly didn't
help. "I wanted to maybe give some hope to kids on the reservations," he told
Rolling Stone. "They're living without running water and seeing problems with
drugs and booze. But I wanted to be able to show these kids, 'F--- that! You're
still warriors, man.' " Ugh.

Then there was his noble attempt to seek approval from the Comanche Nation, and
co-star Armie Hammer's insistence that the American Indians in the cast and crew
were "thrilled" and "loved" the experience. (The "white people are the ones who
have the problem," apparently.) All in all, for anyone who may be sensitive to
or at the very least culturally aware of   the poor history of minority
representation in Hollywood, the promotional buzz surrounding this film can
cause sincere dread about what awaits us this time.

But is Depp's Tonto as racist a caricature as the stars' uneasy sound-bites have
made it seem?

Not quite. To the filmmakers' credit, what we get on screen is more complicated
than that. To start, "The Lone Ranger" does its best not to marginalize Tonto:
For the majority of the story, this is his film, not the Lone Ranger's. Depp and
the screenwriters Justin Haythe, Ted Elliott and Terry Rossio have gone to great
lengths to reverse some of the antiquated tropes found in many classic westerns.
But they were also obligated to remain at least somewhat faithful to their
original source   and sometimes they end up reinforcing the stereotypes they're
trying to subvert.

Spoilers follow.

The most troubling aspect of the film is its framing device. The film begins
with, ends on, and occasionally returns to a San Francisco carnival in 1933 (the
same year that the original radio series created by Fran Striker premiered). A
young white boy dressed as the masked hero wanders into a museum exhibition and
lands in front of a display called "The Noble Savage in his Natural Habitat."
This ancient specimen turns out to be an elderly Tonto, and he comes to life in
order to tell the boy the legend of John Reid, the Lone Ranger. He speaks in
incomplete sentences and repeatedly "feeds" a dead bird that sits atop his head;
his presence is accompanied by the sound of pounding drums and rattles, a tired
cinematic cue to invoke "Native American" or "tribal." The filmmakers, it
appears, are counting on us to recognize that they know these are terrible
stereotypes that a museum of that period would employ, and that they themselves
are not presenting them uncritically. But later another young boy, this time
John Reid's nephew, watches Tonto, locked in a jail cell, perform a mysterious
chant; his eyes suddenly snap in his direction and the boy runs away,
frightened. It feels awfully similar to what we saw at the beginning of the
movie.

Is Tonto crazy? Does he possess a heightened, "natural" sense of this world and
perhaps the beyond? The screenwriters attempt to address the mysticism more or
less inherent in the character by giving him a complicated origin story. Whereas
in the original series his tribe was almost never identified, Depp's Tonto is
explicitly a Comanche who has a rather serious guilt complex. When he was a kid,
he naively told two white men where they could find his tribe's primary source
for silver, in exchange for a pocket watch. As a result, all of his family and
friends were slaughtered.

We learn this story through Chief Big Bear (Saginaw Grant), when the Lone Ranger
meets with the Comanche in an attempt to prevent war between the tribe and the
white settlers. This guilt, the chief suggests, probably explains why Tonto's
"mind is broken" and why he has isolated himself from the rest of the tribe. By
painting Tonto as an outcast   unlike the sidekick, the chief can easily
converse in "good" English   the film aligns Tonto with his fellow solitary, the
Lone Ranger. Tonto still remains an incredibly "faithful sidekick," though.

Otherwise, Tonto harbors serious ill will towards white oppression: He seeks to
avenge the loss of his family and ancestors by killing the movie's villain,
Butch Cavendish, a murderous hillbilly who also killed the Lone Ranger's brother
(and then ate his heart). And yet because he considers John Reid to be his
"spirit animal," sent to guide him on the path through life, he chooses to help
him escape Cavendish's clutches rather than assist the chief and his tribe in
taking down the white men once and for all.

On more than one occasion, Reid refuses to kill Cavendish when he has the
chance, wishing instead that he will face the "full extent of the law." Tonto,
on the other hand, fully understands the way things work in the wild west   and
he becomes frustrated each time John assumes this noble posture. The script
takes a risk in addressing the line between savagery (historically attributed to
Native Americans) and civilized morals (commonly attributed to whites). The Lone
Ranger believes that "an eye for an eye" is a primitive approach to justice
even as he continuously fails to vanquish his enemies in any other way. "This is
not justice," he chides Tonto, when refusing to shoot Cavendish for the second
time. "I am not a savage." When Tonto responds by deeming him a "white coward,"
the modern-day audience is meant to side with him rather than the Lone Ranger.

But the filmmakers ultimately can't resist making the white man the hero of this
story. Even though Tonto is the driving force for the majority of the movie, the
Lone Ranger gets the pomp and circumstance from both the innocent citizens of
Colby, Texas, and the film's creators, in the end. This is to be expected: It
is, after all, called "The Lone Ranger." But when the Lone Ranger finally
fulfills the role he was "destined" to play, it comes seemingly out of nowhere,
nearly two hours into the 149-minute film, and feels completely unearned. Tonto,
for all of the filmmakers' evident intentions, becomes by the finale a less
egregious rendition of Bagger Vance and countless other "mythical" minority
characters, devoted to building up the courage and strength of the heroic white
leads.

Is "The Lone Ranger" blatantly racist and shameful? No. But the filmmakers don't
succeed in their effort to have it both ways. Depp's attempt to be a "warrior"
role model to all the American Indian kids lucky enough to watch him save the
day fails   and for the simple reason that the original material is too
entrenched in an essentially racist ideology. While the attempt to humanize
Tonto seems noble, and maybe even a step above what we normally expect from
Hollywood, the movie doesn't make a strong enough case for bringing him back
from the past in the first place. The spirits of certain cultural figures are
probably better left alone.

LOAD-DATE: July 8, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Cast member Johnny Depp waves at the world premiere of "The Lone
Ranger" at Disney California Adventure Park in Anaheim, California in this file
photo taken June 22, 2013. Walt Disney Co's big-budget Western reboot "The Lone
Ranger," starring Johnny Depp as Native American sidekick Tonto, rode off with
$2 million in U.S. and Canadian ticket sales during its first shows on Tuesday
night, trotting behind animated "Despicable Me 2." REUTERS/Mario Anzuoni/Files
(UNITED STATES - Tags: ENTERTAINMENT)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              384 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                             June 28, 2012 Thursday

Fish and Game name change clears committee

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 259 words


SACRAMENTO   Legislation that would rename the California Department of Fish and
Game passed the California's Senate Natural Resource Committee Tuesday evening.

The bill, which would rename the department the California Department of Fish
and Wildlife, has prompted some pushback from hunters who believe the new name
marginalizes hunting.

Assemblyman Anthony Portantino, D-La Cacada Flintridge, who introduced the bill
now in the Senate, does not believe the name change will adversely affect
California's hunters.

"I think it's a legitimate question from the hunting community: Does this affect
them?" Portantino said. "And my answer is no."

The vote in the committee was split along party lines, with six Democrats voting
for the bill and two Republicans voting against, with one Republican absent,
said Wendy Gordon, a spokeswoman for Assemblyman Portantino.

One of the points raised by Republicans during the meeting was whether the bill,
which calls for the gradual replacement of uniforms and insignia bearing the old
department name, would cause equipment to be replaced before it was worn out,
Portantino said.

Implementing the name change will cost $150,000, according to an analysis of the
bill prepared by Diana Colborn, a consultant to the Assembly.

The bill, AB2283, will now be voted on by the Senate Appropriations Committee,
which analyzes the economic impact of pending legislation, Portantino said. If
it passes, it will be voted on by the Senate at large.

There are five Democrats and two Republicans on the California Appropriations
Committee.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              385 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Chico Enterprise-Record (California)

                            June 27, 2012 Wednesday

Fish and Game name change clears committee

BYLINE: Staff Reports

SECTION: BREAKING

LENGTH: 259 words


SACRAMENTO   Legislation that would rename the California Department of Fish and
Game passed the California's Senate Natural Resource Committee Tuesday evening.

The bill, which would rename the department the California Department of Fish
and Wildlife, has prompted some pushback from hunters who believe the new name
marginalizes hunting.

Assemblyman Anthony Portantino, D-La Cañada Flintridge, who introduced the bill
now in the Senate, does not believe the name change will adversely affect
California's hunters.

"I think it's a legitimate question from the hunting community: Does this affect
them?" Portantino said. "And my answer is no."

The vote in the committee was split along party lines, with six Democrats voting
for the bill and two Republicans voting against, with one Republican absent,
said Wendy Gordon, a spokeswoman for Assemblyman Portantino.

One of the points raised by Republicans during the meeting was whether the bill,
which calls for the gradual replacement of uniforms and insignia bearing the old
department name, would cause equipment to be replaced before it was worn out,
Portantino said.

Implementing the name change will cost $150,000, according to an analysis of the
bill prepared by Diana Colborn, a consultant to the Assembly.

The bill, AB2283, will now be voted on by the Senate Appropriations Committee,
which analyzes the economic impact of pending legislation, Portantino said. If
it passes, it will be voted on by the Senate at large.

There are five Democrats and two Republicans on the California Appropriations
Committee.

LOAD-DATE: June 28, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2012 MediaNews Group, Inc. and ANG Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              386 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               Right Vision News

                          December 23, 2009 Wednesday

Afghanistan: Lavrov, Moussa Agree on More UN Involvement in Mideast

LENGTH: 263  words

DATELINE: Pakistan


Pakistan, Dec. 23 -- CAIRO - Arab League Secretary General Amr Moussa and
Russian Foreign Minister Sergey Lavrov both affirmed here Monday that the UN
must play a more vital role in the Mideast region.

Speaking to the press after their meeting, Lavrov said that Russia refused to
marginalize the UN and the UNSC's roles in the region, indicating that
organizations like the international quartet base its actions on UNSC
resolutions. Lavrov indicated that postponing the Moscow international peace
conference of the Mideast was not a good step for the regional peace process,
stressing that the holding of such meeting depends on the resumption of talks
between Israelis and Palestinians. On his part, Moussa pointed out the absence
of a UN role in the region led obstruction of dialogue, noting that it was time
to backup the region especially with the US involvement and interest in Mideast
peace. It was natural to postpone the Moscow conference because the event should
be based on resolutions which came out of the US Annapolis summit, stated Moussa
who indicated that the Moscow conference should focus on the development of the
Mideast issue ever since the roadmap for peace saw the light four years back.
Lavrov met earlier with Egyptian President Hosni Mubarak and counterpart Ahmad
Abulgheit, discussing with them issues concerning the Mideast process as well as
means to bolster bilateral relations. Published by HT Syndication with
permission from Right Vision News. For more information on news feed please
contact Sarabjit Jagirdar at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

For any query with respect to this article or any other content requirement,
please contact Editor at htsyndication@hindustantimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 28, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2009 Right Vision News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              387 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         St. Petersburg Times (Florida)

                              June 2, 1996, Sunday

'Deadbeat' isn't always the word

BYLINE: BILL MAXWELL

SECTION: PERSPECTIVE; Pg. 1D

LENGTH: 891 words



Sociolinguists understand the power of language. They know that words, spoken
and written, can empower and can destroy. They also know that when we want to
marginalize a religious group, for example, we typically label that group a
"cult." Or when we want to improve the image, say, of "jocks," a group
traditionally viewed as being short on gray matter, we call them "student
athletes."

Often this principle is at work when we call men who do not pay child  support
"deadbeat dads."

A few days ago, the following headline appeared in the St. Petersburg  Times:
"Deadbeat deterrence hits the road." The story discussed Florida Gov.  Lawton
Chiles' signing of a law that gives police on routine traffic stops the
authority to arrest drivers who are delinquent on child support.

When we use dehumanizing language, we can easily take the next step into
abusing the object of our contempt. In writing legislation to bring delinquent
fathers to justice, Florida lawmakers routinely use imagery of chasing and
snaring: "deadbeats on the run" and "casting a wider net." The  purposefulness
of such language, in part, led Gov. Chiles to sign an onerous  bill that will
enable the state to use administrative orders - instead of  court orders - to
require genetic testing for non-custodial fathers to  determine paternity.

As a father who pays child support, I believe that men must pay for the  care of
their children. But I worry that the media, advocacy groups and  politicians
pandering to public outcry against deadbeat dads are using  degrading language
to create a hateful environment that paints too broad a  stroke, that has formed
a new class of pariahs.

Am I saying that deadbeat dads should not be punished? Not at all. Men who  go
to extraordinary lengths to avoid their responsibilities should be jailed.
However, in our overzealous use of negative language, we also demonize
non-custodial fathers who love their children, who have mitigating
circumstances in their lives, who face hostile judges who themselves have
bought into the negative sociolinguistics that define deadbeat dads.

Consider the case of Pinellas County resident Nick Rougas. In 1988,  according
to court documents, he was ordered to pay $ 1,200 a month for his  three
children, more than state guidelines permitted. As a lieutenant junior  grade in
the U.S. Coast Guard, he was a flight instructor at Whitting Field  near
Pensacola. He was passed over for promotion, and the fleet of helicopters  in
which he flew was retired. Afterward, he was offered a ground transfer.

"When a pilot is given a ground job, your career in the Coast Guard is  over,"
Rougas said. "If I had taken the job, I couldn't have kept my flying
certificate current. Aviators must fly to remain current. As an aviator on the
ground, I couldn't earn retirement. They were going to push me out in about
eight months anyway. I was worried about being unemployed when I found a job
that would hire me under a Navy contract if I could start right away. I put in
my papers to speed up my release from the military and took the job. I wanted
to get started on a new career as a civilian aviator."

On the new job as a helicopter pilot, Rougas, 40, earning only two-thirds  of
his military salary and bringing home $ 1,600 a month after taxes, hired an
attorney to modify his child support. The attorney filed to reduce the monthly
payment to an affordable level. After the attorney got nowhere, he hired
another attorney two years ago and, again, was unable to get the payment
modified. The ex-wife, a university professor, earns substantially more than
her ex-husband. But she is fighting the modification.

Meanwhile, according to documents, Rougas' company downsized, and he was
furloughed. Currently, he is a sales representative and pilot for a medical
supply company. After taxes, his take-home pay is about $ 925 a month, and he
has fallen behind in support payments. He has made ends meet because his
parents either give or lend him money.

And what about his children and his relationship with them?

"Instead of bringing my kids and me closer together, the courts have  almost
made it impossible for me to see them," Rougas said. "I cannot afford  to drive
to Pensacola and get a hotel for a few nights and pay for meals for  the kids
and myself. And if I have them at my home - which I may lose because  of all of
this - I still have to pay $ 1,200 even though I support them for the  whole
month.

"I love my kids. I want to support them. If I don't find a better-paying  job
soon, I might wind up behind bars. Entry-level airline jobs just don't pay  much
- if you can even get one, and I've applied everywhere. I simply want to  be
allowed to pay what I can afford right now. It's been two years, and I'm  still
waiting to have my case heard in court. The attitude being sent is to  pay up
and just shut up."

Tens of thousands of men, such as Nick Rougas, who want to do the right  thing,
who are supporting two households, are being impoverished by a system  that is
growing increasingly hostile to their plight. Meanwhile, the language  of
demonization spreads, smearing the guilty and innocent alike.

"I'm not a deadbeat dad," Rougas said. "I'm just a dead-broke dad."

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: COLUMN

                    Copyright 1996 Times Publishing Company


                              388 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                              LNP (Lancaster, PA)

                             March 25, 2016 Friday

Call To Action;
Black Lives Matter Co-Founder Urges Audience To 'Join The Side Of Justice,' Says
Movement Is Multifaceted

BYLINE: Tim Stuhldreher

SECTION: A; Pg. 3

LENGTH: 528  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


TSTUHLDREHER@LNPNEWS.COM

"We actually believe that all lives matter," Black Lives Matter co-founder Opal
Tometi told the audience of several hundred gathered to hear her Thursday
evening at Franklin & Marshall College's Mayser Gymnasium.

The problem, she said, is that all lives don't matter. Poverty, racism, the
criminal justice system, educational disparities and other factors combine to
marginalize millions of black lives.

The Black Lives Matter movement "is really about building a multiracial
democracy that works for all of us," Tometi said.

Tometi spoke as part of F&M's Take Back the Night. Originally targeting sexual
violence, the event has broadened its scope and now aims to raise awareness of
and bring an end to "gendered, racial and sexual violence" in all forms.

Likewise, the Black Lives Matter movement is multifaceted, Tometi said, quoting
activist Audre Lorde: "There is no such thing as a single-issue struggle."

As Tometi explained, Black Lives Matter began in 2013 as a reaction to George
Zimmerman being acquitted in the killing of Trayvon Martin.

Tometi was leaving a showing of the movie "Fruitvale Station," a movie based on
a real-life killing of an unarmed black man by police, when she learned of the
not-guilty verdict. She was devastated, she said.

When she saw her friend, activist Alicia Garza, post on Facebook, "Black people.
I love you. I love us. Our lives matter, Black Lives Matter," it crystallized
the issue for her.

She reached out to Garza, and between them and activist Patrisse Cullors, the
movement was born.

Tometi traced many of the problems Black Lives Matter aims to address to the
neo-conservative movement of the 1980s and 1990s, which she characterized as a
"pushback" against the civil rights movement.

The war on drugs and the dismantling of the safety net undermined black
communities, she said.

Government and business have colluded to gentrify neighborhoods, driving out
people who had lived there for generations.

Thus, despite claims that we live in a post-racial society, black people and
other marginalized groups have realized they can't be silent, she said.

Call to action

She exhorted the audience to join the side of justice: "You're either with us or
you're not ... you don't get to be neutral."

"Our thoughts don't change the world," she said, "but our actions do."

In response to a white student's question, she said emphatically that the
movement welcomes white allies: "We need you to dismantle white supremacy. ...
We need white people to divest from systems of oppression.

"They should be actively making sure Donald Trump doesn't get elected," she
added, to loud applause.

In her closing, Tometi asked the audience to imagine "what safety looks like to
you."

Is it about police patrols, or does it include things like clean water, a good
education, healthy social services?

"This is the redefinition of safety," she said.

"She's amazing," F&M sophomore Karolina Heleno said afterward.

Tometi made it clear that violence can happen to anyone, she said.

Sophomore Terrence Dalton said the talk inspired him to become more involved in
social justice movements.

"I'm doing something," he said "but I could be doing more."

LOAD-DATE: March 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Suzette Wenger | Staff Photographer Opal Tometi, Co-Founder Of The
Black Lives Matter Movement, Speaks At Franklin & Marshall's Mayser Gymnasium
During The College's Take Back The Night Event Thursday.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2016 LNP Media Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              389 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           September 16, 2014 Tuesday

Connecticut: Finding a College Roommate Is Starting To Resemble Online Dating

LENGTH: 300  words

DATELINE: Hartford


Office of the Legislative Research, The State of Connecticut has issued the
following press release:

The Boston Globe reports that many colleges and universities have begun to allow
incoming freshmen to choose their own roommate, and students have turned to
social media to get a sneak preview of prospective "mates."  Some administrators
are nervous about the unintended consequences of this practice.  They wonder if
students will pair up prior to campus arrival and marginalize others who have a
lackluster online presence.

The Association of College and University Housing Officers - International
conducted a 2012 poll that revealed 32 out of 45 universities surveyed allow
freshmen students to request roommates.
Apps such as RoomSync and websites like RoomSurf.com allow freshmen to post
profiles containing pictures and descriptions of their interests and living
habits.

Some universities, such as New York University and Harvard, have chosen the
traditional policy of matching incoming first-years to encourage them to connect
with others from different backgrounds.  UMass has a different practice,
allowing students to either be matched by the school or select their own
roommate, which more than 40% choose to do.

Many rising freshmen don't see a problem with prescreening prospective roommates
online and instead find it to be advantageous.  One incoming Tufts University
freshman values the honesty that accompanies online match-ups, remarking, "With
online dating, you can get away with pretending to love puppies because after
you meet the person you don't have to go on a second date.  But with a roommate,
you're going to be living with them for the entire first year."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: http://olreporter.blogspot.com/

LOAD-DATE: September 17, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              390 of 999 DOCUMENTS


            Intelligencer Journal/New Era (Lancaster, Pennsylvania)

                          February 15, 2012 Wednesday

Resolution On 'Year Of Bible' Illegal

BYLINE: Letters

SECTION: A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 351  words

DATELINE: Lancaster, PA


To the Editors:

Recently, the state House passed Resolution 535 declaring 2012 as the "Year of
the Bible" in Pennsylvania. This egregious act is not only divisive but illegal.

The First Amendment of the U.S. Constitution forbids government endorsement of
religion, and this blatant attempt to legislate Christianity will only serve to
further marginalize Pennsylvania residents of other faiths or those of no faith
at all.

It also highlights the poor sense of priority of public officials being paid by
taxpayer dollars to tackle real problems within our state.

"Congress shall make no law respecting an establishment of religion, or
prohibiting the free exercise thereof...." In 1791, our Founding Fathers
implemented the first 10 amendments of the U.S. Constitution known as the "Bill
of Rights." Many of these great men came to American to escape the religious
persecution that was present in Europe.

The wording of the First Amendment is a reflection of their desire to keep
government and religion separate to prevent such problems from happening in the
U.S.

A secular government protects us all. "Secular" does not mean "atheist," despite
what politicians may claim. It is a neutral position that protects both religion
and government from the inevitable problems that come from the entanglement of
the two.

Please consider that although both current GOP frontrunners claim the title of
"Christian," one is a Catholic and the other a Mormon. These are two
incompatible belief systems and a secular government means that not only will
they not be able to impose their particular religious beliefs on Jews, Muslims,
Hindus and atheists, but it also protects Baptists, Lutherans, Methodists and
any other one of the 30,000 different sects of Christianity.

I urge all citizens to write their representatives and ask them to leave their
religion out of politics. Illegal resolutions like HR 535 do nothing to further
the interests of Pennsylvanians, are divisive and fly in the face of the proud
tradition of secular government given to us by the Founding Fathers.

Scott Rhoades

President

Lancaster Freethought Society

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2012 Lancaster Newspapers, Inc.


                              391 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Clovis News Journal (New Mexico)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            April 27, 2011 Wednesday

Clovis News Journal, N.M., Kevin Wilson column

BYLINE: Kevin Wilson, Clovis News Journal, N.M.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 663 words


April 27--Maybe I've been wrong.

I've rhetorically asked before, why has President Obama not shown us his
long-form birth certificate?

Maybe there's something embarrassing in that documentation. Maybe he was
actually born somewhere else, and he's thus ineligible to be president, as a
growing portion of Republicans have convinced themselves. According to a CBS/New
York Times poll, 45 percent of Republicans believe Obama was born in another
country, and another 22 percent aren't sure.

My theory has always been that it's not worth the president's time, because no
matter what he submits, it won't be enough to meet his opponents' shifting
burden of proof. Hawaii's shown a certificate of live birth. A pair of Hawaii
newspapers have shown birth announcements for Obama. Once they get the long-form
birth certificate, there will be a movement to submit something else.

But I might be wrong. Perhaps the president is keeping his "long-form birth
certificate" out of public view because doing so helps him politically. Every
minute a Republican talks about a birth certificate is another minute they don't
argue how their policies would improve our country.

"They're happy to have this conversation continue," former Bush adviser Karl
Rove said, "because every moment that the conservatives talk about this, they
marginalize themselves and diminish themselves in the minds of independent
voters."

Just look at how ridiculous "birther" legislation is looking so far, after all:

--Tennessee state Sen. Mae Beavers introduced legislation in her state requiring
a long-form birth certificate to get on the state ballot. But when asked what a
long-form birth certificate was, she responded, "Now, you're asking me to get
into a lot of things that I haven't really looked into yet." What, you mean like
the details of laws you want to create?

--In Arizona, a long-form requirement passed its Legislature. Gov. Jan Brewer
deserves credit for vetoing House Bill 2177 and calling it a "distraction."

But, let's go a little further. Nothing's more American than baseball, so let's
give it the old "three strikes and you're out test."

Strike 1: Arizona no longer issues a long-form birth certificate. Imagine the
irony of an Arizona-born candidate unable to get on his or her state's ballot.

Strike 2: It wouldn't hold up to a constitutional challenge. In lieu of a
long-form certificate, the state would accept other records, including a
baptismal certificate or circumcision certificate. Brewer said she felt
uncomfortable with such a requirement, and the Constitution agrees. A lawyer
could argue such documentation constitutes a religious test for elected office,
note that Article XI of the U.S. Constitution states, "No religious test shall
ever be required as a qualification to any office," and be home in time for
lunch.

Strike 3: If that lawyer somehow fails, another can step in and read Article IV,
Section 1 of the Constitution: "Full faith and credit shall be given in each
state to the public acts, records, and judicial proceedings of every other
state." That means if Hawaii says a certificate of live birth proves
citizenship, Arizona has to concur, no matter what its state Legislature passes.

So, I might be wrong on the reason we haven't seen the president's long-form
birth certificate. But I doubt I'm wrong on this: Republicans are best to take
Brewer's lead in this case. If they continue to press the birth issue, they'll
go down swinging, and they'll be watching another Obama term from the dugout.

Kevin Wilson is a columnist for Freedom New Mexico. He can be contacted at
763-3431, ext. 313, or via email: kwilson@cnjonline.com

To see more of The Clovis News Journal or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.clovis-news-nm.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, Clovis News Journal, N.M.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: April 28, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20110427-CJ-Clovis-News-Journal-N-M-Kevin-Wilson-column-20110427

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: CJ


                       Copyright 2011 Clovis News Journal


                              392 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Santa Fe New Mexican (New Mexico)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                            December 25, 2016 Sunday

New Mexicans to join inauguration protest at Women's March on Washington, local
sister marches

BYLINE: Tripp Stelnicki, The Santa Fe New Mexican

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 849 words


Dec. 25--Amanda Flory wept on election night. Shock, fear, a sense of loss --
the map went red, and she felt like her country had vanished.

The next day, she rented a bus.

Flory, the publisher of an Albuquerque music magazine, picked herself up with a
plan to drive to Washington, D.C., for the presidential inauguration. She would
be present in the nation's capital -- with anyone else who wanted to join her --
to stand for the rights of marginalized Americans and against potential actions
she feared the new administration might take to further marginalize them.

She'll have plenty of company, as it turns out.

Organizers expect as many as 200,000 people at the Women's March on Washington
on Jan. 21, the first full day of Donald Trump's term as the 45th president. It
would be the largest single demonstration yet against the businessman and former
reality-television star, whose surprise election incited protests across the
country and anxiety among minority groups he targeted with inflammatory comments
during his campaign.

There will be sister marches Jan. 21 in both Santa Fe and Albuquerque for those
unable to travel to Washington, mirroring plans in at least 41 other states and
15 foreign countries.

At the event in D.C., at least 300 marchers will have come from New Mexico, many
on the bus with Flory.

"I think [Trump] is putting our country at risk," Flory said. "And there's
nothing presidential about the way he's behaving. And that frightens me. I have
nieces and nephews, a godson, and I'm thinking, 'What kind of world are we going
to leave for them?' "

Flory's initial solo bus rental turned into three Herrera coaches, each able to
seat 56 people, when she became a New Mexico state coordinator for the march.
The passengers will ride 27 hours through the night to attend what could become
the largest inaugural demonstration in American history.

Some 60,000 people protested Richard Nixon's inauguration in 1973. An estimated
20,000 came out in 2001 to demonstrate against the inauguration of George W.
Bush, according to news reports at the time. Bush, like Trump, won the Electoral
College despite losing the popular vote.

Some will pay their own way to the march following Trump's inauguration; others
will be assisted, Flory hopes, through various online fundraisers she has
started.

The traveling party, she said, includes women -- and men -- of varying ethnic,
religious and social backgrounds.

"Even though it's a women's march, what's been proposed by the new
administration will affect basically everybody who isn't a white male
millionaire," Flory said.

"The diversity of the marchers will make for a stronger movement, a richer
movement, so we can address the things that need to be addressed," said Samia
Assed, a march co-organizer and the president of the board at the Albuquerque
Center for Peace and Justice. "... For me, it's a personal thing to be standing.
It gives me such gratification to stand with my Chicana sister, my indigenous
sister, my black sister, my white sister: We will march united."

Trump opponents viewed comments he made and proposals he offered during the
presidential campaign about certain groups -- specifically Hispanics, Muslims
and women -- as disqualifying.

"This election of Donald Trump hit on a collective nerve of the dismissal of
women," said Lindsay Conover, lead organizer of the Santa Fe sister march.

The Santa Fe march will begin at the Bataan Memorial Building and proceed around
the Plaza to the Capitol. A rally will follow, featuring speakers from local
organizations that support women and women's rights, including Planned
Parenthood and the Esperanza Shelter for Battered Families.

On a Facebook event page for the local march, at least 1,600 people had said
they would attend.

News releases for both the national and local marches invoke the famous feminist
aphorism, "Women's rights are human rights," a phrase first uttered by
then-first lady Hillary Clinton in 1995.

But this march isn't about Clinton, the first female major-party nominee for
president, losing the race in November to a male candidate with no experience in
public service, Conover said.

"We're not really choosing a candidate here," she said. "We're focusing on
women's rights. I think, for me, it's more personally about the future."

Conover said she had not previously been politically active, but she felt
Trump's election was a wake-up call to involve herself in community affairs. And
she knows she's not the only person who feels that way.

Of the collective motivation to march, she said, "Are women's reproductive
rights going to be at risk? Is health care for women going to be at risk? Are
women in the immigrant community who are fearing the repeal of [Deferred Action
for Childhood Arrivals] going to be affected? Women, all of different cultures,
are feeling like there's uncertainty in our future."

Contact Tripp Stelnicki at 505-428-7626 or tstelnicki@sfnewmexican.com

___ (c)2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) Visit The Santa Fe New
Mexican (Santa Fe, N.M.) at www.santafenewmexican.com Distributed by Tribune
Content Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: December 25, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161225-SF-New-Mexicans-to-join-inauguration-protest-at-Women-s-March-on-Washin
gton-local-sister-marches-1225-20161225

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: SF


                    Copyright 2016 The Santa Fe New Mexican


                              393 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           February 14, 2017 Tuesday

A Rorschach test for bias in education scholarship

LENGTH: 458 words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: American Enterprise Institute has issued the following news
release:



 I noted a few weeks back that education scholarship marginalizes itself when it
so often seems to treat the more conservative half of the nation with casual
contempt. In response, some professorial friends asked if the partisanship and
bias I think I see isn't just a product of my imagination. It's a legitimate
question. On that point, I think the following conference invitation from a
branch of the National Council of Social Studies offers a simple Rorschach test
to gauge how far apart we really are in determining what constitutes ideological
bias. As an old social studies teacher, it struck me as a particularly fitting
example for seeing if we're talking to or past one another.


 Here's the test: read the invitation and see how it strikes you. Yep, it's that
easy. If you think it's fair-minded and promotes civil inquiry across heterodox
views and values, okay. If that's the case, though, I'm not sure where we go
from here. If, on the other hand, you can see why some might read it as nakedly
partisan and narrowly ideological, we've got something to talk about. Anyway,
see what you think.



     CALL FOR PROPOSALS



     The College and University Faculty Assembly (CUFA), an Affiliated Group of
the National Council for the Social Studies (NCSS), invites proposals for its
Annual Conference, which will be held on November 15-17, 2016, in San Francisco,
CA. The theme of this year's NCSS conference is Expanding Visions/Bridging
Traditions. In the spirit of this year's theme, the CUFA 2017 program will
challenge presenters and attendees to (re)envision the future of social studies
while also responding to the present conditions of the field. CUFA 2017 will
look at what social studies can make possible in turbulent times when settler
colonialism, systemic and systematic racism, white supremacy, Islamophobia,
xenophobia, homophobia, transphobia, free speech and voter suppression,
socioeconomic disparities, sexism, environmental destruction, and the
corporatization of PK-12 and teacher education (to name a few) continue to
threaten each and every one of us, both personally and professionally, in the
United States and around the world. Social studies education must be(come) a
driving force for social change.



     As Program Chair, I challenge you to disrupt status quo discourses,
practices, and methods in your paper and session proposals. I ask you to
consider the following question: How does your research and/or teaching work to
transform social studies education in our local, state, national, and global
communities?



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: February 14, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              394 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Possible Trump Action Specifically Targeting LGBTQ People

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Department of Human Rights Campaign has issued the following
news release:



 There are a number of rumors swirling that Donald Trump is planning to sign yet
another discriminatory executive action - this time specifically targeting the
LGBTQ community. While only the White House can speak to the veracity of the
rumors, given the administration's track record of championing discrimination in
just the last week, HRC is preparing to fight this to the fullest.





 "The rumors of an anti-LGBTQ executive action by President Trump are deeply
troubling. We already know that he is willing to target and marginalize at-risk
communities for his perceived political gain. As the President and his team plan
their next steps, we want to make one thing clear: we won't give one inch when
it comes to defending equality, whether it is a full-on frontal assault or an
attack under the guise of religion. Mike Pence should know that better than
anyone given his track record in Indiana," said JoDee Winterhof, the Human
Rights Campaign's Senior Vice President for Policy and Political Affairs. "The
Human Rights Campaign will stand with those who have already been targeted by
this Administration and are prepared to fight tooth and nail against every
effort to discriminate."



 Nearly two-thirds of LGBTQ people have reported experiencing discrimination,
according to HRC polling.



 Then-Governor Mike Pence's support for a bill in Indiana that was intended to
allow businesses to discriminate and deny service to LGBTQ people did massive
damage not just to the state's economy, but his own political standing as well.
A survey released in the wake of the disaster showed that the law cost the state
as much as $60 million in convention revenue from lost business. The survey from
"Visit Indy" found that  "12 out-of-state groups were surveyed and all said that
the state's controversial religious objections law played a role in their
decision to hold their events elsewhere." HRC's poll conducted after the debate
found a stunning 75 percent of Hoosiers thought the fight was bad for the
state's economy. The same kind of political fallout torpedoed Pat McCrory's
re-election campaign after he pushed a dangerous and discriminatory anti-LGBTQ
bill in North Carolina last year.



 Bloomberg reported late Friday that a range of options are under consideration
for an executive order that could target LGBTQ people with discrimination,
including allowing contractors to discriminate in hiring, allowing
taxpayer-funded workers to refuse to serve LGBTQ people or allowing
Indiana-style discrimination where contractors could refuse service to LGBTQ
people.



 Such a move by the Trump administration would also fly in the face of public
opinion. The overwhelming majority of Americans support protecting LGBTQ people
from discrimination.



 Unfortunately, since Congress has not passed the Equality Act, LGBTQ workers in
a majority of states today live in fear of being fired or denied a job because
of who they are or whom they love.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              395 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            January 30, 2017 Monday

Possible Trump Action Specifically Targeting LGBTQ People

LENGTH: 524  words

DATELINE: New York



 Washington: The Department of Human Rights Campaign has issued the following
news release:



 There are a number of rumors swirling that Donald Trump is planning to sign yet
another discriminatory executive action - this time specifically targeting the
LGBTQ community. While only the White House can speak to the veracity of the
rumors, given the administration's track record of championing discrimination in
just the last week, HRC is preparing to fight this to the fullest.





 "The rumors of an anti-LGBTQ executive action by President Trump are deeply
troubling. We already know that he is willing to target and marginalize at-risk
communities for his perceived political gain. As the President and his team plan
their next steps, we want to make one thing clear: we won't give one inch when
it comes to defending equality, whether it is a full-on frontal assault or an
attack under the guise of religion. Mike Pence should know that better than
anyone given his track record in Indiana," said JoDee Winterhof, the Human
Rights Campaign's Senior Vice President for Policy and Political Affairs. "The
Human Rights Campaign will stand with those who have already been targeted by
this Administration and are prepared to fight tooth and nail against every
effort to discriminate."



 Nearly two-thirds of LGBTQ people have reported experiencing discrimination,
according to HRC polling.



 Then-Governor Mike Pence's support for a bill in Indiana that was intended to
allow businesses to discriminate and deny service to LGBTQ people did massive
damage not just to the state's economy, but his own political standing as well.
A survey released in the wake of the disaster showed that the law cost the state
as much as $60 million in convention revenue from lost business. The survey from
"Visit Indy" found that  "12 out-of-state groups were surveyed and all said that
the state's controversial religious objections law played a role in their
decision to hold their events elsewhere." HRC's poll conducted after the debate
found a stunning 75 percent of Hoosiers thought the fight was bad for the
state's economy. The same kind of political fallout torpedoed Pat McCrory's
re-election campaign after he pushed a dangerous and discriminatory anti-LGBTQ
bill in North Carolina last year.



 Bloomberg reported late Friday that a range of options are under consideration
for an executive order that could target LGBTQ people with discrimination,
including allowing contractors to discriminate in hiring, allowing
taxpayer-funded workers to refuse to serve LGBTQ people or allowing
Indiana-style discrimination where contractors could refuse service to LGBTQ
people.



 Such a move by the Trump administration would also fly in the face of public
opinion. The overwhelming majority of Americans support protecting LGBTQ people
from discrimination.



 Unfortunately, since Congress has not passed the Equality Act, LGBTQ workers in
a majority of states today live in fear of being fired or denied a job because
of who they are or whom they love.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 30, 2017

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2017 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              396 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                            March 17, 2016 Thursday

Shared decision-making can improve health care for LGBTQ racial/ethnic minority
patients

LENGTH: 862  words

DATELINE: Lahore



 Washington: American Association for the Advancement of Science has issued the
following news release:



  Lesbian, gay, bisexual, transgender and queer (LGBTQ) patients who are also
racial and ethnic minorities suffer significant health disparities, while facing
more complicated challenges than white LGBTQ or racial and ethnic minority
patients alone. Now, in a series of three articles published Thursday in the
Journal of General Internal Medicine, researchers from the University of Chicago
Medicine provide a roadmap to help health providers better understand the unique
needs of patients with multiple minority identities who face these overlapping
health challenges.





 "Racial/ethnic, sexual orientation, and gender identity minority status are all
marginalized social identities, so they act in concert to further marginalize
people who are trying to navigate the health care system," said Monica Peek, MD,
MPH, Associate Professor of Medicine and lead author of one of the papers.



 The UChicago team hopes their work will help those with multiple minority
identities as well as the clinicians who serve them create best practices that
will help this group practice shared decision-making, a process in which doctors
and patients work together to make decisions about complex medical issues and
development treatment plans based on patient preferences and values.



 "One of the things that we're trying to understand better is how people make
choices about health care when they are standing at the intersection of multiple
social groups that have historically experienced societal discrimination and
disparities in health care delivery," Peek said.



 LGBTQ patients who are also racial/ethnic minorities have a higher risk for
poor health outcomes than white LGBTQ patients. These identities can operate
independently or together to influence the patient's relationship with health
care providers and decisions about their care. For example, racial/ethnic
minority patients who also hold minority sexual orientation or gender identities
may be less likely to share their status with a white health provider, which
shuts down an opportunity to receive crucial preventive care.



 Unfortunately, most clinicians are not prepared to address the needs of
patients at the intersection of LGBTQ and racial/ethnic minority identities, and
little research exists on this population's preferences for doctor-patient
communication and shared decision-making. The UChicago Medicine team, hoping to
provide resources to colleagues across the country, begins to address these gaps
in the three articles. The series includes:



     A conceptual model developed by Peek, Fanny Lopez, MPP, H. Sharif Williams,
PhD, and John Schneider, MD, which illustrates how race/ethnicity, sexual
orientation and gender identity influence shared decision making among
African-American LGBT patients and their health care providers.



     A review of research literature on decision aids for minority patients by
Aviva Nathan, MPH, and Elbert Huang, MD, MPH, FACP, showing that while very
little research on such educational tools exists, they can be effective in
improving doctor-patient communication and health outcomes for health issues
that are specific to minority populations.



     A model of training, education and organizational structure developed by
Rachel DeMeester, MPH, Fanny Lopez, MPP, Scott Cook, PhD, and Marshall Chin, MD,
MPH, describing ways in which clinical facilities and processes can be designed
to facilitate better shared decision-making, including patient care workflows,
information technology, organizational culture, physical design of clinic space,
training, education and incentive models.



 "The ultimate goal is to improve the health of LGBTQ patients of color by
developing tools and resources to help clinicians and these patients engage in
better shared decision-making," said Chin, Associate Chief and Director of
Research of the Section of General Internal Medicine and lead author of an
editorial introducing the work.



 The work is part of a JGIM symposium, "Improving Shared Decision Making with
LGBT Racial and Ethnic Minority Patients," and was supported by the Agency for
Healthcare Research and Quality (1U18 HS023050) and the Robert Wood Johnson
Foundation Finding Answers: Disparities Research for Change Program.



 Additional authors for the editorial, "Improving Shared Decision with LGBT
Racial and Ethnic Minority Patients," include Fanny Lopez, Aviva Nathan and
Scott Cook. Additional authors for the article, "Development of a Conceptual
Framework for Understanding Shared Decision Making Among African-American LGBT
Patients and their Clinicians," include Lucy Xu, Moira McNulty, and M. Ellen
Acree. Additional authors for the article, "Use of Decision Aids with Minority
Patients: A Systematic Review," include Imani Marshall and Jennifer Cooper.
Additional authors for the article, "A Model of Organizational Context and
Shared Decision Making: Application to LGBT Racial and Ethnic Minority
Patients," include Jennifer Moore.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com



LOAD-DATE: March 18, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              397 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Telegraph Herald (Dubuque, IA)

                           September 25, 2015 Friday

opening this weekend

BYLINE: TH Media wire services

SECTION: C; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 441 words


"The Intern"

Rated PG-13 by the Motion Picture Association of America for "some suggestive
content and brief strong language." 121 minutes. HH

The world of Nancy Meyers sure is beautiful.

But her studied production design and dreamy interiors have become such a focal
point that they've almost eclipsed her storytelling. It marginalizes what she
does and how she has, from "The Parent Trap" to "It's Complicated," created her
lovely and implausible cottage industry of movies that are, for the most part,
exceedingly pleasant to watch.

"The Intern," her first film in six years, is a curious case, melding together
those modern retro sensibilities in a way that even further distances her work
from reality.

With only the most polite issues peppering the plot, it's less a study of
generational conflict and more of a series of loosely connected events about a
guardian angel sent out of retirement to tell Anne Hathaway that she really can
have it all.

"Hotel Transylvania 2"

Rated PG by the Motion Picture Association of America for "some scary images,
action and rude humor." 89 minutes. H

The second feature in as many months to contain animated zombies (and Tim
Burton's "Frankenweenie" is lurking just around the corner), "Hotel Transylvania
2" checks in as an anemic example of pure concept over precious little content.

Despite the proven talents of first-time feature director Genndy Tartakovsky
("Dexter's Laboratory"), writers Peter Baynham ("Arthur Christmas") and SNL vet
Robert Smigel, and a voice cast headed by Adam Sandler and Andy Samberg, the
collaboration falls flat virtually from the get-go, serving up half-hearted
sight gags that have a habit of landing with an ominous thud.

Other releases

"Pawn Sacrifice" (PG-13): Tobey Maguire stars as the chess prodigy Bobby
Fischer, who squared off against the Soviet Union champion (Liev Schreiber) at
the height of the Cold War.

"The New Girlfriend" (R): The always unpredictable François Ozon returns with
this thriller about a woman who learns that the husband of her best friend, who
recently passed away, is harboring a big secret.

"Stonewall" (R): Roland Emmerich directs this fact-based drama about the 1969
riots at the Greenwich Village bar in New York City that started the modern-day
gay rights movement.

"The Green Inferno" (R): Director Eli Roth's long-delayed gorefest, about a
group of student activists who run afoul of cannibals deep inside the Amazon
rain forest, is an homage to gross-out cult favorites such as 1980's
controversial "Cannibal Holocaust."

"The Second Mother" (R): In Brazil, a live-in housekeeper must deal with the
sudden reappearance of her estranged daughter.

LOAD-DATE: September 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 Woodward Communications, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              398 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Buffalo News (New York)

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday
                              Buffalo News Edition

SECTION: A,A; Pg. 7

LENGTH: 1034 words


Pope is exactly right on environmental point

I am not known for agreeing with Vatican polices, especially those which
marginalize women, but I think that Pope Francis' environmental encyclical is
spot on.

Our collective human behaviors have led to an excess production of greenhouse
gases that is effecting climate change to what is approaching a cataclysmic
degree. Our personal efforts at saving the earth, like turning off an unwatched
TV, frequent use of recycle boxes and decreased driving, are certainly worth
continuing, but what may be more important is our community response in publicly
standing up to the worst ecological offenders.

Urge expansion of public transportation. Stop production of killer drones which,
like other military hardware, rape the earth when materials to make them are
extracted.

The dangerous process of hydraulic fracturing to obtain fossil fuels should be
nationally banned and cheaper and cleaner renewable energy promoted.

Fracked Bakken crude oil, which has the consistency of gasoline, is highly
volatile. It is shipped daily from North Dakota on railroads crossing Western
New York. Derailments or explosions of these bomb trains (named by the crews
that operate them) along the vast North American network average one per month.

Such an incident on tracks in the heavily populated Parkside or East Side
neighborhoods would devastate our city.

Pope Francis earlier called for "making a mess" or more accurately "havoc,"
which to an Argentinian means banging pans in the streets. The time is over for
leaving this to the other guy or gal.

Make your voice heard to save our planet.

Lucille Gervase

Tonawanda

'Kids' reference in article does not recognize family

The July 18 front page article about Jack Armstrong was, with one exception, a
perfect Saturday morning story and great fun to read. However, I am compelled to
offer one criticism. I refer to the statement that Jack and his wife were not
able to "have kids of their own."  As any parent will tell you, all of our kids,
no matter how they come to us, are very much are own. I'm sure the Armstrongs
would agree wholeheartedly.

Today, more than ever, families are created in many different ways. Let's give
the profound commitment between all parents and kids, however that relationship
comes about, the recognition it deserves. It's grounded in love, not biology.

Mary Dee Martoche

Hamburg

Erosion of our language alters the historical lens

Our great nation is accelerating its pace toward the 21st century's version of
the Tower of Babel.

Oral, written or signed, language is the means through which we communicate and
relate to one another. In today's political environment, words are intentionally
and conveniently altered. Even the United States Supreme Court, arbiter of the
Constitution, has redefined a key societal concept.

Marriage is no longer commonly understood. Secondly, the frequently heard words
"political correctness" have caused many to limit their use of previously
acceptable frames of reference. Again, the Supreme Court decided that the word
"states" (plural) as it related to Obamacare, was not the clear reference that
we have always understood it to be; rather it meant "nation."

With the influx of new immigrants, legal or illegal (not undocumented) there
appears to be little regard for maintaining a common linguistic culture, without
which national unity of both purpose and resolve is nearly impossible to
achieve. Assimilation of "new citizens" into the American experience will be
very elusive indeed. Our ability to communicate is further eroded by street
jargon and bastardized language.

When words lose their meaning, historical references are retroactively altered.
We lose notions of who we are and how we reached this point in our history. A
common language allows us to relate more deeply to the human experience and to
create a richer intellectual and emotional environment in which to share our
lives.

Nicholas D. Mecca

Williamsville

Iran nuclear deal is better than the possible alternative

Anyone who has ever been involved in across-the-table negotiations knows one
inescapable fact: You never get everything you want. Negotiation is by its very
nature a give-and-take process. In the recent negotiations, America did not get
everything it wanted. Neither did Iran.

If we had walked away from negotiations, Iran would have been free to build any
weapons it chose, and there would be no way short of war to stop it. Do we
really want to go to war?

If the misadventures in Indochina taught us anything, it is that you cannot bomb
your way to victory. Inevitably, we would have to send in troops.

The tens of thousands of brave Americans killed and mutilated in Iraq would pale
beside what we could expect in Iran.

Would continued or increased sanctions have persuaded the Iranians? Unlikely.
Russia, China, even Germany and France were far more anxious than we to resume
trading with Iran. There are far too many countries in the region that would be
more than willing to help Iran evade sanctions.

The agreement reached with Tehran is not perfect. We do not live in a perfect
world. But we would be foolish to allow the desire for perfection to get in the
way of what is better than any foreseeable alternative.

Bill Gross

Blasdell

Columnist has a misguided viewpoint on Bland incident

Clarence Page's July 28 commentary is very distressing.

There should be no mystery about Sandra Bland's arrest. She was asked by a duty
authorized officer to obey a request after a traffic stop. Instead of complying
she decided to argue and provoke a situation.

It is common knowledge that the time to argue the validity of such a stop is in
court and not the roadside. With most police agencies under increasing pressures
it is easy to understand how an individual officer might react when challenged.

The public seems to forget that these officers are people just like us, with the
added burden of being in a very dangerous, volatile profession.

The time to exercise your right to smoke, or for that matter debate your free
speech rights, might be much more effective in the proper environment, which is
not a traffic stop.

It might have prevented what turned out to be a tragic result.

Gary Rog

Hamburg

LOAD-DATE: August 4, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Buffalo News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              399 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Indiana)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                           December 7, 2011 Wednesday

EDITORIAL: Drug-testing for welfare recipients violates Constitution

BYLINE: The Herald Bulletin, Anderson, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 505 words


Dec. 07--At times it seems the United States is on a punishment binge, using any
means possible to ostracize and marginalize groups of people. Indiana Republican
lawmakers want to require drug-testing for all welfare recipients, as if they
don't need assistance because they have drugs.

The bill, a work in progress, would cut off assistance for any person who fails
a drug test. If there are children involved, funds would be made available to a
third party, such as grandparents, to use on the child. If a person who fails a
drug test agrees to drug treatment, he or she can still get assistance.

The law is based on a Missouri law. Indiana Republicans don't want to go as far
as a Florida law that requires drug testing for anyone who applies for benefits.
The Florida law has been blocked by the courts. The Missouri law allows state
social workers to administer drug tests to those they suspect of abusing drugs.

Indiana lawmaker Heath VanNatter, R-Kokomo, said that most Hoosiers can expect
to be drug-tested by employers so it's only fair to drug test those who receive
taxpayer benefits.

There would be logic to that if the government was a private business, but it's
not. The government has many more restrictions placed on it than private
businesses and those restrictions come from the constitution, both the state and
federal.

How do these social workers determine who is using drugs and who isn't? The only
way they can is to be suspicious unless harder evidence presents itself. But the
Constitution, under the Fourth Amendment, doesn't allow for mere suspicion.
There must be probable cause and there must be presented a warrant before a
search can take place.

Besides, what if welfare recipients are engaged in other illegal activities,
such as prostitution, selling drugs but not using, money laundering, auto theft,
etc. Should they be tested for such crimes?

Ken Falk, head of the Indiana chapter of the American Civil Liberties Union,
said, "You can't force people to waive their rights to get access to government
assistance."

Last session, the Indiana General Assembly passed a law that those receiving
unemployment benefits can be drug-tested, the only state in the nation to do so.
Between July 1, when the law started, and the end of October, 1,000 people were
tested and 1 percent failed and presumably had unemployment benefits cut off.
Again, who determined who was tested? Of the tens of thousands of people
receiving those benefits in Indiana, a small percentage of people tested
positive. Is this really a problem? Or is this a punishment factor that would
save a few tax dollars? The government cannot engage in selective punishment.

As an alternative, the state could do background checks on welfare recipients to
identify problem areas and offer help but not be used as a means to cut off
benefits. We urge lawmakers to reconsider passing such a law.

___ (c)2011 The Herald Bulletin (Anderson, Ind.) Visit The Herald Bulletin
(Anderson, Ind.) at www.theheraldbulletin.com Distributed by MCT Information
Services

LOAD-DATE: December 8, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20111207-HU-EDITORIAL-Drug-testing-for-welfare-recipients-violates-Constitution-
1207-20111207

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: HU


                       Copyright 2011 The Herald Bulletin


                              400 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Post

                              June 27, 2011 Monday

MALE CALL - STRESS ABOUT BALANCING CAREERS AND CAREGIVING IS NO LONGER JUST A
WOMEN'S ISSUE; FATHERS' DAZE - DADS FEEL RISING STRESS OVER BALANCING WORK AND
FAMILY

BYLINE: CHRIS ERIKSON

SECTION: All Editions; Pg. 35

LENGTH: 1610 words


THEY fret that work ambitions compromise their role as nurturers.

They worry about whether they're meeting gender-assigned expectations. They fear
family commitments will marginalize them on the career track.

Pity the modern career man.

That's not a misprint. While women have spent the last few decades publicly
wrestling with the challenges of balancing motherhood with their determination
to have the careers their mothers gave up, it's now men's turn to feel the
pinch.

That's the message of a new report from Boston College's Center for Work and
Family, based on a survey of nearly 1,000 working fathers. Entitled "The New
Dad:

Caring, Committed and Conflicted," the report paints a picture of today's men
struggling to balance their expanded roles as hands-on fathers with their
traditional roles as nose-to-the-grindstone breadwinners.

In fact, the report cites one study, by the Families and Work Institute, that
found that fathers in two-career couples now experience significantly more
work-life conflict than their wives do.

To get a line on the changing paradigms, @work spoke to Brad Harrington, the
director of the center and lead author of the report. A former corporate
executive and a working father himself - whose duties as we spoke included
preparing for his daughter's 16th birthday party - Harrington discussed why men
are increasingly feeling work-career stress, what companies can do to help them
and how assumptions about working dads need to keep pace with the times.

How did working fathers become a focus for you?

One thing you'll find if you look at this field is that I'm one of the very few
men who heads a research center focused on work and family issues. For the last
30 years, women have been at the forefront when it comes to the conversation
about work and family.

But the more I became immersed in the field, the more clear it became that men
are increasingly dealing with many of the same issues, and I realized that this
was a very underresearched area.

You cite one study saying not just that men are coping with the same issues
around work-life balance, but that they're actually hit harder than women.

My initial surprise when I saw that was, how can men feel more conflict?

They don't do as much at home. But there are a number of reasons men might feel
this conflict more keenly.

First, most men didn't expect that work-family tension would be a significant
part of their lives. They looked at their role models - their dads - and for the
most part, when it came to taking care of the kids, that was Mom's job. So the
first part is the surprise element that this is a big part of their life.

The second part is that women have likely become more skilled at multitasking
and shifting between one world and another.

Since they've been in the workplace, they've had to learn to do things like
going from a work conference call to a call from home. Men are used to being
more singular in their focus, especially at work.

The third thing is that the demands on men in terms of the workplace are more
significant. If you look at the dads in the study, most are working
significantly more hours than their spouses.

Finally, a great many men say that in their work organizations, there's still an
ethos that says real men don't worry about caregiving.

Do you think the pressure working men feel is applied internally or externally?

One of the questions we asked is, what do you think you should be doing versus
what you are doing. And 65 percent of fathers said they thought both partners
should do equal amounts as caregivers, but only 30 percent said they did as much
as their wives. So that divide is a pretty good indicator of internal pressure.

But as to whether there's pressure coming from their spouses, when you look at
new college graduates, 60 percent are women, and women in general are entering
the workforce with better preparation than men have, and are landing jobs as
good or better than the ones their future husbands may have. So under those
conditions, it's not hard to imagine that in terms of child care, they may be
saying, "Hey, you have to pick up the slack here."

Working women have long been concerned that if they have children, they'll be
marginalizing themselves at work, and seen as less serious.

Your research suggests men don't have that problem.

That's true, but let me tell you what the dark side of that is. It's true that
women can be penalized for having children, and have their commitment
questioned.

By contrast, when men have children, it's embraced at work, and they're
congratulated and seen as more mature. So you could say this is another case
where women lose and men win.

But part of the problem is that the reason men are given that positive feedback
is that they're viewed first and foremost as the breadwinner, and that's only
heightened now that they have kids. The expectation is that men are going to
refocus and be reenergized in their careers, because their role is to bring home
the money.

One thing that I believe strongly reinforces this stereotype is that after the
birth of the child, nothing changes for most men.

Women take an average of 12 weeks off, but the vast majority of men in our study
took a week or less.

Would it be accurate to say that things like flexible work arrangements and
other work-life accommodations are the result of women's efforts over the last
30 years?

That's been the primary catalyst. A secondary catalyst is that nowadays,
organizations are talking more about flexibility in terms of cost-effectiveness,
and realizing it can offer benefits that go beyond making workers happy. For
instance, organizations once thought allowing people to work from home was an
employee-centric perk, where they could say, how nice of us, we're letting
people work from home. Now they're saying, if we could get people to work from
home, we could stop paying for all that expensive office space.

You point out that men are much less likely to take advantage of flexibility
programs. Is that because they're concerned about how it would be perceived?

There are two data points that help us think that may be the case. The first is
the fact that they're doing it informally but declining to do it formally. The
second is that when we asked the guys who didn't use those programs why they
didn't, many said it was because they didn't think their company would approve
it. So there's reason to believe that perceived management expectations may be
keeping men from feeling like they have the opportunity to say, I want to do
more on the home front.

What should workplaces be doing to accommodate those men?

The first thing is, offer flexibility.

Talk about it more, make it more readily available, realize that it is in line
with business objectives and make clear to employees that if they take advantage
of flexibility programs, that it's not going to negatively impact their careers.

The second thing is, there are supports you can provide that would give direct
care-  giving incentives. Paternity leave is one thing that is helpful, but
still rarely offered.

The third thing is, get to know what fathers' lives are really like. Employers
make assumptions about what dads do when they go home every day. As one of our
respondents said, "People think I go home and do the Ward Cleaver thing, sitting
back in a chair with my newspaper, and that's got nothing to do with my life
experience." So make sure you're not operating on outdated assumptions.

What's an example of employers operating on outdated assumptions?

The policies around work-family balance for the most part are gender-neutral.

But if you look at the way they're marketed and communicated, they signal in 100
different ways that this is about women. Companies do these nice video
vignettes, and you just don't see male role models, except for the occasional
guy thrown up there, like, let's have a token male.

If the perception that these programs are for women is so entrenched, you need
to take extra measures to counter that mental model. Companies have to strongly
convey the message that this is a men's and women's issue.

Is there a conversation taking place among employers about these issues?

Absolutely. I spoke recently at a very well-known investment group in Boston;
they had me come in to give a speech on fathers. When I arrived I found out it
was the kickoff meeting for their parenting network, and I have to say, a lot of
the people - men and women - told me they were pleasantly surprised that the
first keynote speech focused on dads.

What are the most progressive companies doing to implement the kinds of policies
you're talking about?

There are companies that have established men's groups. There are some that are
offering paternity leave.

It may only be one or two weeks, but two weeks is a lot, compared to what men
have typically taken. A few companies have established a point person on men's
issues in the work-family arena.

Another really important thing is, there are companies that have senior male
executives who are willing to stand up and talk about their own challenges and
successes balancing work and family. Like, "Here's what I've tried to do, here
are the issues I've had to cope with, here are the tradeoffs I've made." When
those people speak publicly about these things, it carries a lot of weight.

So these things suggest that change is taking hold, but slowly. It's a slow
process to get companies - and society at large - to realize that this is not a
gender-bound issue.

----

"Men didn't expect that work-family tension would be a significant part of their
lives." - Prof. Brad Harrington, lead author of a new report on working fathers

LOAD-DATE: June 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: -Brad Harrington runs the Center for Work and Family at Boston College.
-Businessman holding a crying baby. -Brad Harrington runs the Center for Work
and Family at Boston College.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2011 N.Y.P. Holdings, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              401 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Pittsburgh Post-Gazette (Pennsylvania)

                             August 13, 2006 Sunday
                               FIVE STAR EDITION

TV ANCHORS' BOYCOTT MAY SNAG CONVENTIONS

BYLINE: STEVEN THOMMA, MCCLATCHY NEWSPAPERS

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. A-10

LENGTH: 655 words

DATELINE: MINNEAPOLIS


As a handful of American cities vie for the honor of hosting the 2008 national
political conventions, changes are under way that could further marginalize
their value as tools to grab the country's attention and shape the final months
of the presidential campaign.

The key change could be a long-threatened boycott by the big TV network anchors,
who might stay home. If the evening newscasts aren't anchored from the
conventions, that would make it easier for the networks to scale back prime-time
coverage of them even more.

That would be one more step in the continual decline of what once were grand
spectacles of raw political power and democracy at work.

The reason, of course, is that the conventions stopped being loud, messy,
unpredictable -- and interesting -- a half-century ago. That's when they stopped
being the place where rival candidates bargained and cajoled for delegate votes.
Since the 1950s, candidates have won their votes in primaries and shown up at
the increasingly scripted conventions to accept nominations already
long-decided.

To be sure, there have been exceptions that grabbed the nation's attention.
Riots outside the 1968 Democratic National Convention in Chicago. A
down-to-the-wire fight between Gerald Ford and Ronald Reagan for the nomination
at the 1976 Republican National Convention in Kansas City, Mo. Discussion of a
possible Reagan and Ford co-presidency at the 1980 convention in Detroit.

But mostly, the conventions are a snore, one that more and more people tune out.

That's put party officials in a downward spiral of their own making. They work
ever harder to stage-manage the conventions to get the most pop they can out of
limited TV coverage, but the inherent lack of drama leads to deeper cutbacks in
TV network coverage every four years.

In 2004, the major networks aired only one hour of live coverage a night.

Now comes the next step.

The two parties will hold their 2008 conventions back to back for the first time
in history. The Democrats will have theirs Aug. 25-28, and the Republicans the
next week, Sept. 1-4. (The party that holds the White House always goes second.)

That means the Democratic candidate will have, at best, only three days to ride
the bounce out of his or her convention before the attention of the
already-limited political audience turns to the Republican convention.

Going earlier would've meant being crowded off at least one network by coverage
of the Summer Olympics. Going before the Olympics, as the Democrats did in 2004,
would force them to spread out -- and thus dilute -- the federal taxpayers'
money made available for the post-convention fall campaign.

With the conventions back to back, at least some network officials have told
party organizers they want both conventions in the same city. That would cut the
cost of shipping all the TV equipment.

At a recent gathering of Democrats in Denver -- which is hoping to land the
Democratic convention -- some party members buzzed that the TV pitch would lead
to a Minnesota win, with one convention in St. Paul and the other in
Minneapolis.

"It would make it easier for TV. But it's not possible," said Aaron McLear, a
Republican National Committee spokesman. "The staging, the lighting, is all
different for each party. They need time to set up."

Even if they managed to find different venues for the conventions themselves,
the two gatherings would overlap at other sites for parties and headquarters,
Mr. McLear said.

The result?

"The networks might use it as an excuse not to send the anchors," said one
network official, who asked not to be identified because it could be
controversial. "They would stay in New York, and we would just send
correspondents to the conventions."

Of course, one option would ensure that the anchors go to the convention city --
if it's New York. But anywhere else on the parties' list of finalists --
Cleveland, Denver, Tampa, Minneapolis-St. Paul -- might end up anchorless.

LOAD-DATE: August 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2006 P.G. Publishing Co.


                              402 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            January 9, 2006, Monday

Republicans scramble to pick new leader after Tom DeLay bows out

BYLINE: Gail Russell Chaddock Staff writer of The Christian Science Monitor

SECTION: USA; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 665 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON



HIGHLIGHT: His resignation as House majority leader may help the GOP's image,
but it loses a key disciplinarian.


BlackBerrys and cellphones buzzed into overtime this weekend, as House
Republicans grappled with what had been rumored for months: the need to elect a
leader to replace Tom DeLay.

From a public-relations standpoint, the decision by Mr. DeLay not to keep his
post as House majority leader may give Republicans a boost ahead of this year's
midterm elections. After all, he had gone from whip to whipping boy amid
complaints that he embodied corruption in Congress

But by losing DeLay's leadership, Republicans also lose his fundraising prowess
and peerless talent for enforcing party discipline on key bills. As importantly,
they marginalize the architect of a alliance between House members and lobbyists
- a network that strengthened the party's hand in moving legislation, but left
it open to charges of influence peddling.

"DeLay became a political liability, but he was also a strong leader," says
political analyst Charles Cook of the Cook Political Report. "The leadership
team cobbled together in DeLay's absence just hasn't worked out."

In the end, that nexus of politics and cash appeared to tip the outcome. The
prospect of DeLay appearing in court this year was too much for a GOP caucus
looking for a way out of the ethical clouds - and a new public face for
elections.

The endgame came faster than most members expected. The legal woes of DeLay,
Indicted for money laundering by a Texas grand jury last October, deepened last
week after a federal plea agreement by ex-superlobbyist Jack Abramoff - a move
many in his own caucus expected would put DeLay in still deeper legal jeopardy.

By Friday, conservative columnists - and moderate Republican House members -
were calling for DeLay to step down.

In a letter to colleagues on Saturday, DeLay said that he had always "acted in
an ethical manner within the rules of our body and the laws of our land" and
that he was "fully confident time will bear this out." He resigned as majority
leader to help the House focus on the job of protecting the nation, he said.

Two top contenders to replace DeLay early next month are also two of the party's
strongest fundraisers: Acting majority leader Roy Blunt of Missouri and Rep.
John Boehner of Ohio, who announced his bid Sunday, "... to restore a sense of
trust among ... the American people."

Mr. Blunt, like Speaker Dennis Hastert, came to power through DeLay's well-oiled
whip operation. Steady and methodical, he was elected to replace DeLay as party
whip in November 2002 without opposition. But his operation has stumbled on some
big votes, emboldening other contenders.

As a freshman lawmaker, Mr. Boehner led an ethical reform campaign after the
House banking scandal and other improprieties came to light - an anticorruption
theme that helped Republicans take back the House in 1994. As chairman of the
House Education and the Workforce Committee, he helped negotiate bipartisan
support for President Bush's No Child Left Behind initiative. Last month, he
stepped in to salvage his committee's pension bill, after Blunt said he couldn't
find the votes to pass it. His impromptu whip operation impressed colleagues.

But some Republicans say that the Abramoff scandal threatens GOP control of the
House and calls for a drastic overhaul.

"We don't just need new leaders; we need a course correction," says Rep. Jeff
Flake (R) of Arizona, who called for DeLay's resignation.

Democrats, meanwhile, say the DeLay resignation isn't sufficient to clear the
air. "The culture of corruption is so pervasive in the Republican conference
that a single person stepping down is not nearly enough ...," said House
Democratic leader Nancy Pelosi, in a statement.

Those looking to take over as majority whip, should Blunt's bid falter, include
Reps. Eric Cantor of Virginia, Mike Rogers of Michigan, and Zach Wamp of
Tennessee, running as an outsider. "I'm certainly not supported by K Street
[lobbyists]. That may be an asset today," Representative Wamp says.

(c) Copyright 2006. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2006 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              403 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                July 28, 1999, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LATINO GROUPS SEEK BOYCOTT OF 4 MAJOR TV NETWORKS;
PROTEST IN SEPTEMBER WOULD AIM TO GET MORE HISPANICS ON PROGRAMS

BYLINE: The Associated Press

SECTION: NEWS, Pg. A5

LENGTH: 366 words

DATELINE: HOUSTON


A national coalition of Latino groups sought a weeklong boycott of the four
major TV networks in September to protest the "brownout" of Hispanics in
American television.

"Latinos are mad as hell and not going to take any more," said Felix Sanchez,
president of the National Hispanic Foundation for the Arts.

Sanchez's organization and nine other Latino groups announced the move at the
annual convention of the National Council of La Raza, a coordinating
organization whose 240 affiliate groups claim a membership of 3 million.

Alex Nogales, spokesman for the National Hispanic Media Coalition, said the
Hispanic boycott will be the opening salvo in the fight for greater diversity on
television.

The coalition said Latino leaders will meet in Washington on Sept. 12 during
National Hispanic Heritage Week.

"There the group will launch the brownout," asking Hispanics to turn off their
televisions to counter the networks' "brownout" of Latino faces on TV, a
coalition statement said.

The coalition plans to meet with advertisers, will look for legal and regulatory
remedies and plans to start buying stock in publicly owned media companies to
influence stockholder meetings.

Nogales suggested that the nation's 31 million Latinos rent Latino-themed films
or read Latino literature during the boycott.

While Hispanics constitute 11 percent of the U.S. population, they comprise less
than 2 percent of the characters on prime-time television shows, said Lisa
Navarrete, a spokeswoman for La Raza, a national Hispanic advocacy organization.

Navarrete said that only one Latino actor, Martin Sheen on NBC's "West Wing,"
has been cast on a new network show set to premier in the 1999-2000 season.

In Los Angeles, ABC announced plans to add minority characters to five of its
shows. Sanchez said he was happy for the move, but it falls short of what is
needed.

"We are glad they are looking at these issues, but we are still going to be
underrepresented," Sanchez said. "It isn't even a first step."

NBC said in a statement that minority representation "continues to remain a top
priority." Other major networks had no immediate response to requests for
comment.

LOAD-DATE: July 28, 1999

LANGUAGE: English

GRAPHIC: PHOTO THE ASSOCIATED PRESS Photo - Raul Yzaguirre, president of the
National Council of La Raza, says the lack of Latinos on television marginalizes
and stereotypes Hispanics. "We want a balanced picture," he said.

                  Copyright 1999 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              404 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           February 19, 1999, Friday

OUT OF THEIR LEAGUE
METS GLAD ROGER NOT DEALT TO NL

BYLINE: By THOMAS HILL

SECTION: Sports; Pg.  91

LENGTH: 414 words


When Al Leiter learned yesterday morning that Roger Clemens finally had been
traded, Leiter thought hopefully for a moment that Clemens had joined the Mets.
The truth left him clinging to one bit of consolation.

"I'm just glad the Mets aren't in the AL East," Leiter said.

The Yankees' acquisition of Clemens, baseball's only five-time Cy Young Award
winner, enhanced their position as overwhelming favorites to reach another World
Series. The deal also amounted to the latest, loudest shot in a winter-long war
for attention between the Yankees and Mets. But Leiter, the Mets ace who began
his career with the Yankees, did not view the move as an attempt by George
Steinbrenner to marginalize the Mets.

"I think it's just because George can," Leiter said. "They've got a great team
in place, and they've got the revenue. So he goes out and does what he can to
get great players. Plus, George has always had a thing for Roger.

"They've upgraded. Boomer (David Wells) is obviously a great pitcher, but he's
not Roger Clemens. They're certainly going to be favored to win the championship
again."

Mets GM Steve Phillips, who tried to acquire Clemens on several occasions this
offseason, said the inclusion of Wells in the deal made it clear to him the Mets
simply did not have the type of players the Blue Jays wanted. Phillips saw the
trade as having very little effect on his club.

"It might affect one or two games during interleague play," Phillips said. "I'm
glad he's not in the National League. I'd rather have him with the Yankees than
Houston.

"We're trying to spark the interest of our fans. The Yankees are trying to be
the AL representative in the World Series. We're trying to be the NL
representative in the World Series."

Leiter thought the Yanks' acquisition of Clemens emphasized the inequity of the
latest interleague schedule, which has each team playing six games against its
interleague rival. Thus, the Mets will play the Yankees six times while the
Cardinals, a possible contender for the NL wild card, will play two series
against the depleted Royals.

"Would you rather play Kansas City for six games or the Yankees for six games?"
Leiter asked. "That's pretty significant."

Late arrival: Steve Phillips said prospect Jae Weong Seo was only pitcher who
may not be in Port St. Lucie for first pitchers and catchers workouts tomorrow.
Seo has been delayed in obtaining a visa to return to the U.S. from his home in
South Korea.


LOAD-DATE: February 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: KEITH TORRIE DAILY NEWS DEAL HIM IN: AL Leiter says Mets, owners of
toughest interleague matchup, will have to dig deep vs. Yanks.

                        Copyright 1999 Daily News, L.P.


                              405 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              September 4, 1997, Thursday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

THE REVIVAL OF ORGANIZED LABOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. 06B

LENGTH: 421 words


After nearly two decades, management thought it had the unions beaten, but
public sentiment is beginning to swing back toward labor. The Teamsters victory
over UPS is just one sign that unions' fortunes are reviving. But they have a
long way to go before they can make a major difference in the lives of American
workers.

Ronald Reagan's crushing of the air traffic controllers' strike in 1981 ushered
in an era in which companies sought to marginalize unions. Citing the need to
cut costs to compete globally, companies downsized their work force, relocated
plants to take advantage of lower wages and hired more part-time workers with
few benefits and no security.

But they overdid it. Profits and salaries rose, but wages didn't. Two years ago,
John Sweeney, an energetic new voice, became head of the AFL-CIO and vowed to
fight back by organizing more workers and mounting a major public relations
effort. He spent $ 35 million pushing labor issues in the 1996 campaign,
initiated major organizing drives, helped push through a hike in the minimum
wage, and joined with religious and community leaders to force Monsanto Co. and
others to adjust back wages for strawberry workers. He vigorously supported the
Teamsters' strike against UPS.

Last week, Mr. Sweeney was in St. Louis to kick off a major public relations
campaign to transform unions' image. St. Louis is a logical place to start; it's
one of the nation's top auto assembly locations, has thousands of aircraft
machinists and plenty of steel plants. The battle for public support is crucial;
without it, unions can't expand their membership and win strikes. Emphasizing
not only the rights of their members but issues like full-time work, fairness
and economic security is the right way to do it. That's what the Teamsters did
with UPS.

But calling management greedy and insensitive could backfire; class warfare
doesn't sell in America. Mr. Sweeney must avoid pressing too hard where public
sentiment is against him, as on free trade. Still, workers' concerns are now
more visible on the national agenda. A re-energized labor movement put them
there.

But that may not be enough. Unions' share of the work force remains stuck at a
historically low 14.5 percent. They are still losing as many representation
elections as they are winning and will have a  hard time climbing to the 30 to
40 percent share of the nation's workers necessary to make companies sit up and
take notice. Getting on the national agenda isn't the same as dominating it.

LOAD-DATE: September 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 1997 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              406 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     June 8, 1994, Wednesday, Final Edition

THE RELIABLE SOURCE

Lois Romano

SECTION: STYLE; PAGE C3; THE RELIABLE SOURCE

LENGTH: 859 words


Closing the Book on JFK

There'll be no more JFK stories coming anytime soon from the critical pen of
Brit Nigel Hamilton.

The author, who ruffled the family's feathers mightily two years ago with his
sex-obsessed bestseller "JFK: Reckless Youth," says he has abandoned plans to
write a second volume because of interference from the Kennedys, according to
the Boston Globe.

"It has been sad for me to watch how this family has sought to marginalize what
I was trying to do," Hamilton says, "and deliberately falsify my purposes ...
and put out to the world that I am some sort of scurrilous, muckraking Brit."

Hamilton, now teaching at the University of Massachusetts, alleges that the
family saw to it that the John F. Kennedy Library in Boston wouldn't release
essential documents and pressured onetime aides to President Kennedy not to
participate in the project. After the much-hyped "Reckless Youth" was published,
the Kennedy siblings fired off a scathing Op-Ed piece to the New York Times
denying the book's contents.

A spokesman for Sen. Ted Kennedy declined to comment on the matter yesterday.
And Hamilton's publisher, Random House, told the Globe that Hamilton also
believes that there is a surplus of Kennedy books on the market right now.

Hamilton, for his part, says he'll return to England soon and tackle a biography
of mid-century Indian leader Jawaharlal Nehru.


Sold

To Fred Wertheimer, president of the public interest lobbying group Common
Cause, and his wife, National Public Radio reporter Linda Wertheimer, this
Northwest Washington home for $ 520,000.


Chris Emery Opens His Own Doors

Chris Emery, the White House usher fired by Hillary Clinton in March for keeping
in touch with former boss Barbara Bush, never quite got the job offers he was
looking for.

He writes to tell us that he has decided to head back to school to complete his
bachelor's degree at the University of Maryland. The Howard County resident, who
maintains that he only discussed computers with Mrs. Bush, hopes to do some
computer consulting on the side. Referrals welcome.


WE'VE HEARD THAT...

The Eagles will indeed be landing at RFK Stadium -- despite all the talk of a
World Cup scheduling conflict. Sept. 13 is the big day for the local stop of
what's been dubbed the "Hell Freezes Over" tour, a reference to the likelihood
that the group would ever reunite. It's the band's first tour in 14 years.

Sen. Ted Kennedy will soon be a grandfather twice over. Daughter Kara Kennedy
Allen and her husband, Michael, are expecting in September, and son Ted Jr. and
his wife, Kiki, are due in August.

Early in the Clinton administration, a story made the rounds that when First
Daughter Chelsea needed permission at school to get some aspirin, she told the
school nurse, "Call my dad, my mom's too busy." But at a recent forum on women
as caregivers, her busy mom set the record straight. "The story about the school
nurse is not true, but it's a good one," said First Lady Hillary Clinton at a
meeting of the International Women's Media Foundation.

Among the Hollywood memorabilia to be auctioned off next week at Sotheby's in
New York is Bruno Bernard's famous 1954 photo of Marilyn Monroe in a white
halter dress standing over a grate and trying to hold down her flyaway skirt.
Bernard, an acclaimed Hollywood photog who made his career snapping Monroe, once
told her, "Let your curves tell it all, and counteract the body language with a
complete look of innocence."

The AIDS Action Foundation will present its annual National Leadership Awards
next week to "Philadelphia" producers Jonathan Demme, who also directed, and
Edward Saxon and Rep. Nancy Pelosi for their commitment to fighting AIDS.

The suicide of author and Vietnam War hero Lewis Puller has prompted a deluge of
contributions to the Vietnamese Memorial Association for a proposed school in
Vietnam. Puller had been committed to the project, and the association has
already received two challenge grants of $ 25,000, which if matched would be
enough to start the project.

Brash comedian Jackie Mason said yesterday that he will return the Tony Award he
won in '87 for "The World According to Me" because he was not invited to appear
on this year's show, airing Sunday. During a sidewalk news conference in New
York, Mason, currently on Broadway in "Politically Incorrect," said the alleged
snub was a personal plot by one of the award sponsors. Tony spokesman Keith
Sherman yesterday called Mason's allegations about the awards process "absurd"
and said that the comic was just one of "a lot of wonderful stars who we
couldn't take for various reasons."

Former Jefferson Airplane/Starship lead singer Grace Slick has pleaded guilty to
pointing a shotgun at a California police officer while drunk and has promised a
judge that she'll abstain from alcohol. As part of a plea bargain, the
54-year-old rocker also agreed to Alcoholics Anonymous counseling, 200 hours of
community service and random drug testing, according to the Associated Press.
She was arrested in March after a standoff with police who had responded to a
call at her Tiburon, Calif., home.



LOAD-DATE: June 8, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: PHOTO, NIGEL HAMILTON, OFF THE SUBJECT.; PHOTO; PHOTO, RICHARD M.
FELDMAN; PHOTO, (FRANK JOHNSTON)

TYPE: COLUMN

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              407 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                  Toronto Sun

                           October 22, 2016 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Kindred Spirits; Long-suffering fans of the Leafs and Cubs share generations-old
bond of frustration. But is the end in sight?

BYLINE: Lance Hornby, Toronto Sun

SECTION: SPORTS; In Chicago; Pg. S2

LENGTH: 990  words

DATELINE: CHICAGO


The Maple Leafs' Stanley Cup curse won't be lifted soon, but their suffering
stalwarts can take solace in what's taking place this weekend while in town to
play the Blackhawks.

The Chicago Cubs, with a much longer and twisted history of championship denial,
are a win away from their first World Series appearance since 1945. If they beat
the Los Angeles Dodgers in Game 6 of the NLCS on Saturday, they'd have a shot at
ending one of pro sports' longest quests, a championship pursuit since 1908.
More than a century, which kind of marginalizes gripes about the Leafs, who have
waited 'only' 49 years.

"We eat that for breakfast in Chicago," huffed Grant DePorter, president of the
Cubs fan club a couple of years ago while comparing the two fan bases in a
Toronto Sun interview. "People here would be so happy if it was only (49) years
for the Cubs."

The Leafs had Friday offin Chicago, an opportunity for Postmedia to take the
temperature of baseball fever. The team's 'W' flag, which used to denote a win
when raised post-game at Wrigley Field, are now flying from landmarks such as
the Tribune Building.

Cubs hats, autumn hoodies and T-shirts that read: 'Party Like It's 1908' are
seen among the crowds on Michigan Ave. Beneath street level at the Billy Goat
Tavern ('Butt In Any Time'), there is a certain irony to their shirts which
exclaim: 'Reverse The Curse'. The tavern's original owner, Billy Sianis, bought
an extra ticket for his pet goat and bar mascot 'Murphy' to the 1945 Series at
Wrigley 'to get Detroit's goat', only to be told to take his foul smelling
animal home.

The angry Greek immigrant is said to have proclaimed the Cubs would lose that
series and never win another. At the Billy Goat on Friday, while grazing on
their famous 'cheezeboigor' and a bottle of Old Style, John the bartender says
you can "sense the buzz" around town.

"People want this over with.

Even those from out of town, from the East coast and places such as St. Louis
(the Cubs' biggest baseball rival) want them to win. I don't know about anyone
else, I'm still a little nervous about tomorrow."

One weatherman was already giving Sunday's forecast, anticipating the Dodgers
force a Game 7. But as Joe Bowen, the Leafs' radio play-by-play man and a huge
ball fan observed: "The sun might be aligning for the Leafs at last", given the
Cubs could end their drought or failing that, the Cleveland Indians could win
the World Series for the first time since 1948.

The longer Bowen has been at the microphone, the more he feels for those in
Toronto and across Canada who've waited the better part of their lives to see a
Stanley Cup parade. Who can forget the New York Rangers fan who held up the sign
after their 54-year wait ended: 'Now I can Die In Peace'.

The Cubs had many years of bad teams, late-season collapses, the Bartman Ball
and the ire of seeing the crosstown White Sox win the Series before them. Now
they have MLB's best record and a powerful lineup of pitching and hitting.

"The unfortunate part is that Harry Caray (the iconic Cubs announcer who passed
in 1998) won't be here to call it," said Bowen. "And you hope what happened to
the Blackhawks when they finally won (in 2010 after 49 years) doesn't occur
again, when not everyone was sure if Patrick Kane's Cup-winning goal was in.

You really felt for their broadcasters, who I'm sure wanted to make an historic
call."

The end of Saturday's Leafs-Hawks game will bump up against Game 6 of the NLCS
and it will be curious to see how distracted fans are and what the reaction will
be if the Cubs go ahead early.

DePorter did his best to help the Cubs, reviving the West Side Rooters club on
the 100th anniversary of the 1908 title. Despite his group's best efforts,
including the controlled detonation of the infamous Bartman Ball a few years
ago, the

Cubs haven't yet been back.

"The long wait can become multi-generational and part of popular culture,"
DePorter said of the Cubs/Leafs synergy. "But bad teams do win and it does end
(happily) for the fans."

After his $114,000 purchase of the ball that Cubs fan Steve Bartman snatched
from outfielder Moises Alou in a 2003 playoffgame, DePorter invited fan reps
from two other 'cursed' clubs at the time - the Red Sox and White Sox - to
witness its destruction. A Hollywood special effects team reduced it to a
smouldering pile of string amidst much cheering.

"It was cathartic for me, but within a couple of years the Red Sox and White Sox
won the Series, back-to-back," DePorter sighed. "Unfortunately, I must have done
it in the wrong order. The Cubs should have won first. What were the odds of
those other two winning? But at least it shows things that aren't supposed to
happen can happen." DePorter was researching why Cubs owner Charles Murphy
disbanded the Rooters after the '08 Series when he found another possible link
to the curse. He discovered Murphy had angered entertainer George M. Cohan, who
excluded the owner from a dinner in the winning team's honour, a falling out
that caused one or the other to mutter something about the Cubs never winning
the Series again.

DePorter set about finding relatives and namesakes of all the players and guests
from that night in '08, including Cohan and Murphy, who sold the team in 1913.
DePorter invited them to his eatery for the 'Murphy's Law Dinner', using the
same 1908 menu. There was a toast from a great nephew of Murphy's, forgiving
Cohan for any past slights and the exorcism was supposedly lifted. Nice try, but
DePorter's restaurant did cater the Blackhawks' team plane during their 2010 Cup
run, including the clinching Game 6 in Philadelphia. The 3 a.m. victory party
was also at Harry's when the team flew home.

"The Hawks' record was 6-0 that year when they ate our food on the plane before
their games," DePorter boasted. "Maybe the Leafs should consider having us cater
their flights."

lhornby@postmedia.com

@sunhornby !@COPYRIGHT=© 2016 Sun Media Corporation. All rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: October 22, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: / (See hardcopy for photo); The Canadian Press;  Nazem Kadri reflects
on a Maple Leafs loss last season while (inset) Grant DePorter of Chicago did
his best to exorcise the Cubs demons by exploding the Bartman ball.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                           Copyright 2016 Toronto Sun
                              All Rights Reserved


                              408 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              May 13, 2014 Tuesday

Washington: Stigma: At the Root of Ostracism and Bullying

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Academy of Pediatrics has issued the following news release:

Increasing evidence shows that stigma - whether due to a child's weight, sexual
orientation, race, income or other attribute -- is at the root of bullying, and
that it can cause considerable harm to a child's mental health.

Experts in pediatric mental health, bullying and ostracism will gather May 5 for
a symposium titled "Stigma, Ostracism and Bullying: Dangers, Prevention and
Interventions" at the Pediatric Academic Societies Annual Meeting in Vancouver,
British Columbia. Researchers will present evidence of stigma associated with
various attributes and the harm it poses to children through bullying,
ostracism, and discrimination.

Stigmatization is linked to depression, anxiety disorders, aggressive behavior
and lower quality of life. Stigma marks certain individuals as less worthy than
others, marginalizes them, and impedes their access to needed educational and
health services.

"Stigma reflects a tendency to overlook and devalue differences among people,
and thus keeps us from appreciating our diversity," said symposium chair Ellen
C. Perrin, MD, professor of pediatrics at the Floating Hospital for Children at
Tufts Medical Center. "Stigma leads to small and large acts of aggression or
social exclusion of people with characteristics that society defines as
undesirable. Whether this manifests as physical aggression, ostracism or
electronic bullying, it causes measurable damage to children's self-esteem,
mental and physical health."

In the symposium, speakers will present evidence of the harm stigma causes to
children and families, using data about specific stigmatized conditions. The
symposium will conclude with a summary of recent attempts to overcome stigma and
bullying.

The symposium will run from 8 to 10 a.m. in the Vancouver Convention Centre.
Topics and presenters include:

"Definitions and Concepts," presented by Ellen C. Perrin, Floating Hospital for
Children, Tufts Medical Center, Boston

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Children of Color," presented by Adiaha
Spinks-Franklin, Texas Children's Hospital/Baylor College of Medicine, Houston

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Children Who Are Overweight or Obese,"
presented by Eliana M. Perrin, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Children with Developmental-Behavioral
Disabilities," presented by Conway F. Saylor, The Citadel, Charleston, SC

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Non-heterosexual Children and Youth"
presented by Mark L. Hatzenbuehler, Columbia University, New York, NY

"Possibilities and Programs to Prevent Stigma, Ostracism, and Bullying,"
presented by Joseph L. Wright, Children's National Medical Center, Washington
DC.

"The exposure of all children to the effects of bullying as a victim,
perpetrator or bystander is pervasive and needs to be fully appreciated and
addressed, " said Joseph L. Wright, MD, MPH, senior vice president at Children's
National Medical Center and immediate past chair of the American Academy of
Pediatrics Violence Prevention Subcommittee. "While we are still gaining a
complete scientific understanding of the depth of the health and behavioral
health consequences of bullying behavior, for the sake of our children, we
simply can no longer afford to accept or tolerate its presence in our society."

For more information please visit: http://www.aap.org

LOAD-DATE: May 13, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              409 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                               May 5, 2014 Monday

Washington: Stigma: At the Root of Ostracism and Bullying

LENGTH: 569  words

DATELINE: Washington


American Academy of Pediatrics has issued the following news release:

Increasing evidence shows that stigma - whether due to a child's weight, sexual
orientation, race, income or other attribute -- is at the root of bullying, and
that it can cause considerable harm to a child's mental health.

Experts in pediatric mental health, bullying and ostracism will gather May 5 for
a symposium titled "Stigma, Ostracism and Bullying: Dangers, Prevention and
Interventions" at the Pediatric Academic Societies Annual Meeting in Vancouver,
British Columbia. Researchers will present evidence of stigma associated with
various attributes and the harm it poses to children through bullying,
ostracism, and discrimination.

Stigmatization is linked to depression, anxiety disorders, aggressive behavior
and lower quality of life. Stigma marks certain individuals as less worthy than
others, marginalizes them, and impedes their access to needed educational and
health services.

"Stigma reflects a tendency to overlook and devalue differences among people,
and thus keeps us from appreciating our diversity," said symposium chair Ellen
C. Perrin, MD, professor of pediatrics at the Floating Hospital for Children at
Tufts Medical Center. "Stigma leads to small and large acts of aggression or
social exclusion of people with characteristics that society defines as
undesirable. Whether this manifests as physical aggression, ostracism or
electronic bullying, it causes measurable damage to children's self-esteem,
mental and physical health."

In the symposium, speakers will present evidence of the harm stigma causes to
children and families, using data about specific stigmatized conditions. The
symposium will conclude with a summary of recent attempts to overcome stigma and
bullying.

The symposium will run from 8 to 10 a.m. in the Vancouver Convention Centre.
Topics and presenters include:

"Definitions and Concepts," presented by Ellen C. Perrin, Floating Hospital for
Children, Tufts Medical Center, Boston

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Children of Color," presented by Adiaha
Spinks-Franklin, Texas Children's Hospital/Baylor College of Medicine, Houston

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Children Who Are Overweight or Obese,"
presented by Eliana M. Perrin, University of North Carolina at Chapel Hill

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Children with Developmental-Behavioral
Disabilities," presented by Conway F. Saylor, The Citadel, Charleston, SC

"Discrimination and Stigmatization of Non-heterosexual Children and Youth"
presented by Mark L. Hatzenbuehler, Columbia University, New York, NY

"Possibilities and Programs to Prevent Stigma, Ostracism, and Bullying,"
presented by Joseph L. Wright, Children's National Medical Center, Washington
DC.

"The exposure of all children to the effects of bullying as a victim,
perpetrator or bystander is pervasive and needs to be fully appreciated and
addressed, " said Joseph L. Wright, MD, MPH, senior vice president at Children's
National Medical Center and immediate past chair of the American Academy of
Pediatrics Violence Prevention Subcommittee. "While we are still gaining a
complete scientific understanding of the depth of the health and behavioral
health consequences of bullying behavior, for the sake of our children, we
simply can no longer afford to accept or tolerate its presence in our society."

For more information please visit: http://www.aap.org

LOAD-DATE: May 6, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2014 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              410 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                August 3, 1994, Wednesday, Late Edition - Final

THE HEALTH CARE DEBATE: THE ABORTION ISSUE;
Killings Harden a Debate on Capitol Hill

BYLINE: By KATHARINE Q. SEELYE,   Special to The New York Times

SECTION: Section A;  Page 19;  Column 1;  National Desk

LENGTH: 1150 words

DATELINE: WASHINGTON, Aug. 2


Since last week's double slaying at a Florida abortion clinic, both sides in the
debate have redoubled their resolve over how the emerging health care bills
should cover abortion, with the Democratic leadership still searching for a
compromise.

Abortion-rights proponents said today that the killings at a Pensacola clinic
underscored the necessity for making abortion part of a basic benefits package.
Not to do so, said Eleanor Smeal, president of the Fund for a Feminist Majority,
would "marginalize" women and abortion providers and set them up for being
"picked off, terrorized and tortured."

But Douglas Johnson, chief lobbyist for the National Right to Life Committee,
said the proponents were "exploiting" the killings "to further a legislative
agenda that has very little public support." He said the health care bill should
exclude abortion from any benefits package and disallow any Federal subsidy for
abortion beyond current policy, which bars Federal money for abortions except
for Medicaid recipients whose pregnancies threaten their lives or are the result
of rape or incest.

Walling Off Emotion

The killings may have heightened the emotion in the debate, but Speaker Thomas
S. Foley of Washington seemed determined today to wall off the emotion from the
mechanics of passing a bill. The killings, while tragic, amount to "a simple act
of preventing violence," Mr. Foley said, but this "does not translate into the
concerns that members have on the question of financing."

"We are looking for some means of reaching a position, which both sides can
support, in an agreement to disagree upon this issue," he said, suggesting that
the issue would still be hanging by the 6 P.M. Wednesday deadline for House
Democrats to draft their language on health care.

The House bill outlined on Friday by Representative Richard A. Gephardt of
Missouri, the majority leader, skirted the issue. The bill put forward today in
the Senate by George J. Mitchell of Maine, the majority leader, closely follows
President Clinton's original proposal by including abortion in the basic
benefits package.

Many involved in the debate agree that the House is more likely to get bogged
down in a struggle over abortion than is the Senate, in part because all House
members have to run for re-election this fall, while only one-third of the
senators do.

About 75 abortion-rights advocates in the House, most of them Democrats, and
about 35 opponents have signed letters to the leadership suggesting that they
will not give on the issue and are willing to hold up the entire health care
package if abortion is not settled to their liking.

Looking for a Compromise

A small group of House members has met a half-dozen times to fashion a
compromise. One of them, Representative David E. Bonior of Michigan, the
majority whip, said Mr. Mitchell's proposal would be unacceptable to those House
members who oppose abortion.

"I don't think they'll accept that," Mr. Bonior said. "You've got to find
something that's more of a balance with the status quo."

As it stands now, many private insurers cover abortion, but consumers can buy
insurance that does not include it.

Mr. Bonior said that both sides did agree on a clause that would allow
individuals and religious institutions to opt out of abortion coverage. "That's
not a problem," he said, although the nation's Roman Catholic bishops have
objected to such a conscience clause, saying that Catholic hospitals would be
subsidizing abortion even if they did not use the benefit themselves.

But the larger problem -- whether abortion should be part of any standard
benefits package -- remains.

Threat of Opposition

Abortion-rights advocates in the House are adamant that it should.
Representative Patricia Schroeder, a Colorado Democrat and a leader of the women
in the House, said that despite the Florida killings, she and other
abortion-rights supporters were "very nervous" that the leadership was not
taking them seriously.

"There seems to be an attitude of, 'Now, now, girls,' and that we will cave in
the end and go along with them, so they don't have to pay attention," Ms.
Schroeder said. "I think they're misreading it."

"We will probably be good scouts for a little bit," she said, "but it's becoming
more and more evident that we can't get anything we can live with" and will have
to vote against the bill.

She added, "I'm not incredibly optimistic. And I worry that the spin will be,
'Can you believe that the women wouldn't vote for health care because it didn't
have abortion?' rather than that in 1994, there are still politicians who want
to micromanage women's lives."

Some abortion-rights advocates believe that despite some indication that the
White House may compromise on abortion, President Clinton will not accept a bill
that excludes it from basic coverage. "We are , the pro-choice community, one of
the few groups that the Clinton Administration has kept its commitments to, to
date," said Pamela J. Maraldo, president of the Planned Parenthood Federation of
America.

Talk of 'Phony Compromise'

But Mr. Johnson of the Right to Life Committee said that complaints like Ms.
Schroeder's were disingenuous. In his view, the leadership has already worked
out a "phony compromise" that will make it appear as if the abortion-rights
supporters are compromising but really are not.

"I don't believe Gephardt and Bonior will put anything in the bill that isn't
acceptable to Schroeder," Mr. Johnson said. "We believe the leadership is going
through this exercise to set the stage for the phony compromise, which will be
to let the individual opt out.

"The script now is for this to be unveiled as the great middle ground.  But
under that proposal, abortion will still be in the benefits package, so every
health plan would have to offer coverage of unlimited abortions."

He said this would lead to "massive Federal funding" of abortions, the
nullification of state regulations on matters like parental consent and would
force rural areas that have no abortion clinics to build them.

Several polls show that Americans do not support paying for abortion. A New York
Times poll last month asked whether abortion coverage should be part of the
basic health plan, should be optional or should be excluded. Fifty-three percent
of the respondents said it should be excluded; 28 percent said it should be
optional and 16 percent said it should be included.

A June survey by the Times Mirror Center for the People and the Press said that
the public opposed abortion coverage in a Federal package by 68 percent to 26
percent.

The National Abortion and Reproductive Rights Action League disputes these
surveys, saying that answers depend on how the question is asked. The officials
said their own survey showed that most Americans favored inclusion of abortion
benefits in a health care package.


LOAD-DATE: August 3, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1994 The New York Times Company


                              411 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                            November 9, 2015 Monday
                                 Early Edition

Bike commuting not a frivolity

BYLINE: Jordon Cooper, The Starphoenix

SECTION: FORUM; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 719 words


As soon as the first heavy snowfall hits Saskatoon, someone asks me why cyclists
are still out when the streets are icy.

We have long concluded that cycling is something done by highly motivated
athletes or urban hipsters from Nutana, Riversdale and Caswell Hill. Many can't
figure out why these diehard cyclists are trying to make a point when it gets
cold and our uncleared roads turn to icy ruts.

I give the same answer every year: For many people cycling isn't a lifestyle
choice but is their only form of transportation. The reason they are cycling
during your morning commute is that it's their commute, as well.

We don't hear a lot about these cyclists. They aren't represented well by
cycling advocates, who often call them "invisible cyclists" - something that
marginalizes the marginalized even more. As recent censuses in the U.S. have
shown, with housing costs rising and incomes remaining flat, a growing number of
people who have a long commute are living in zero car households. For many,
cycling is the only option to get around.

It means that in many cities, there are two very different types of cyclists.
The first are those who can afford to live close to amenities and work, and
commute via bicycle. Think of people who live in City Park, Caswell Hill or
Nutana and commute downtown or to the university. The second group is cyclists
who live all over Saskatoon where rent is affordable and use whatever means they
can afford to get to work.

American studies show that an increasing number of households with incomes below
$50,000 a year are relying primarily on bikes.

Of course most cities with cycling infrastructure cater to those who cycle as
part of an urban lifestyle, with bike lanes that focus on the downtown, parks,
campuses and tourist and commercial areas. Meanwhile they woefully underserve
neighbourhoods that have far less car ownership and lower incomes than others.

Targeting such neighbourhoods can be tough, because the process of investing to
create bike lanes in them can often set off gentrification that makes housing
unaffordable. Also, while poverty is more concentrated in certain areas,
employment is often in all directions. Thus even if you built world-class
cycling infrastructure in one or two areas, you still have problems.

The solution can be found in cities such as Houston, Texas, which is more car
driven than most places in the world. Its new cycling master plan is to create a
biking network along the arterial roadways. These bike lanes may be a block or
two over, but they get cyclists to their destination along the same route as
they would by taking a car.

If it were Saskatoon, these bike lanes would run parallel to arteries such as
22nd Street, Eighth Street and Idylwyld Drive. The issue then becomes how to get
people from Meadow Green, Briarwood or Hampton Village to and from those bike
routes. The plan would extend into local neighbourhoods and have them figure out
how to access the citywide network.

It's not a guarantee of success, especially in lowincome neighbourhoods. Geoff
Carlton, head of Traffic Engineers Inc., the firm in charge of the Houston
master plan, told Governing Magazine: "Many lowincome folks are busy and don't
have a chance to show up for posted meetings, so we need to go where they are."

He goes on to say, "You can't just post an online survey and expect them to
respond. And some neighbourhoods may not want new bike infrastructure, because
they see it as a sign of gentrification."

Whatever amount of money people earn, they tend to think that it's the norm. If
you have two cars and commute to work, chances are many of your friends and
colleagues are in the same boat. It's easy to think this is normal, and so you
focus on cars. It's easy to overlook the fact that those who earn far less than
us have serious transportation issues.

What other cities are learning is that, while the majority of citizens may be
driving, there are many who cannot afford both housing and transportation. They
are finally waking up to their responsibility to serve all citizens, not just
those who can afford to use their road network.

Let's hope we can get to that point in Saskatoon and build a safe cycling
network for those who need it the most.

After all, winter is almost here. !@COPYRIGHT=© 2015 Postmedia Network Inc. All
rights reserved.

LOAD-DATE: November 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Column

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2015 The Star Phoenix
                              All Rights Reserved


                              412 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             August 12, 2016 Friday

City Officials Pull Plug on Odessa Pride March

LENGTH: 415  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: International Human Rights Organization has issued the following
news release:



 Odessa, Ukraine - Human Rights First today expressed alarm that the Odessa City
Council's executive committee has succeeded in efforts to cancel the city's
annual lesbian, gay, bisexual, and transgender (LGBT) Pride march scheduled to
take place tomorrow, August 13. Local authorities claim a high probability of
conflict and confrontation that could lead to increased criminal incident was
the reason behind the last minute Thursday legal challenge that banned the
primary event of Odessa's multi-day Pride celebration. Organizers of the
celebration confirmed that several venues facing outside pressure have also
cancelled their agreement to host Pride events.





 "The legal challenge and the court's decision to ban the march are part of a
strategy to marginalize the LGBT community by limiting their basic freedoms of
speech and expression, which are guaranteed to every Ukrainian citizen." said
Human Rights First's Shawn Gaylord, who is in Odessa through August 14.
"Leadership needs to protect these rights, not infringe on them, and allow
Saturday's march to safely proceed."



 Staff at the U.S. Embassy in Kiev have been in contact with municipal and
regional leaders, including members of Odessa's police force. Human Rights First
appreciates their ongoing efforts and urges them to continue engaging to ensure
that all planned events can safely take place.



 The Odessa executive council action is not the first time the city has
prevented LGBT inclusive events from taking place in Ukraine. Last year's Pride
march was similarly banned by a court order. In March of this year, organizers
of Lviv's Equality Festival were also forced to cancel events after venues
retracted sponsorship, the local government banned all public events, and masked
assailants issued an anonymous bomb threat. Yet in June, in the country's
capital, Kiev, authorities took steps to protect Pride participants and prevent
verbal and physical assault, giving many hope that the situation for the LGBT
community in Ukraine was improving.



 "It is alarming to see this happening in Odessa once again," said noted
Gaylord. "But this isn't over. If Odessa's authorities follow the example of
Kiev, and allow the event to safely proceed, Odessa Pride can be a victory for
human rights in Ukraine."



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              413 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                              July 24, 2016 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

READERS WRITE

BYLINE: DR.WALLACE MCABEE, CHARMAINE MACKENZIE,; Staff

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 22A

LENGTH: 607 words



HIGHLIGHT: Another day, another dire climate scientist prediction realized. This
time it is the record high global temperatures that have now been confirmed by
NASA scientists. Just living through this current sustained drought in Atlanta,
dying shrubs, debilitating heat and all, bring the NASA data home and should be
confirmation any doubters have left. Efforts such as the federal Clean Power
Plan and a revenue-free carbon tax are positive steps in the right direction.
There is little time to lose.


Listening to the voters back home has become a lost art for many Republicans
whenever they gather at the State House. They continue to ignore, marginalize
and sell out the very people who placed them in power. Conservative Christians
in Georgia make up approximately 65 percent of the overall electorate and a
much-larger percentage of the GOP base. We supported the Governor when many
tried to smear him with ethics charges and have been the primary reason the GOP
has dominated Georgia politics for nearly a generation. Those times may be over.
When the GOP leaders gather at the trough of the Chamber of Commerce crowd and
ignore grassroots voters over such vital legislation as the Religious Liberty
Bills, they should not be surprised they are losing our support. We have closed
our checkbooks for now, and we may have another message for them come November.

FAYETTEVILLE

Reader hopes series leads to real change

Thank you for this investigative piece and uncovering yet another system that
protects sexual predators.

Why is this happening again? One cause seems to be the internal peer review
boards in professional associations that protect these predators. Mandated
reporter laws already exist; perhaps it's time to strengthen them so that they
apply to the associations, not just their members, and to enforce them
consistently across all states so that offenders can't just move to another with
more lenient rules. I get that these boards are useful when dealing with ethics
violations, but when their members are accused of illegal acts like sexual
abuse, they should be required to report these to various levels of law
enforcement (not just the local level). Failure to do this should mean harsh
penalties for the organization -- public disclosure, revoking their tax-exempt
status (many associations enjoy this), and more.

I hope that your work will lead to an outcry for real change so that peer-review
systems realize that it's more beneficial for them and the community to get rid
of the few bad apples to avoid spoiling the whole bushel. This should apply not
just to doctors, but all professions -- e.g., lawyers, teachers, police
officers, etc. -- who derive power and elevated status from the expertise,
authority, and trust inherent in their roles.

SANDY PON, MARIETTA

What are alternatives to so-called'free tuition'?

Kyle Wingfield complains about the Democratic platform's proposal for free
college tuition, but offers no suggestions for alternatives ( "Sorry, Clinton,
there's no such thing as 'free' tuition," Opinion, July 14). Surely there must
be a solution somewhere between "free tuition" and the U.S. government reaping
billions in interest from student loans. Maybe the interest amount could be
lower, enabling more students to borrow the funds for tuition. Maybe the
government could funnel the money back to colleges to provide more scholarships,
or to decrease tuition. Maybe there are even better solutions out there from
wiser minds than mine, but let's hear - or read - about them.

LAWRENCEVILLE

Letters to the editor should be no longer than 150 words and must include a
daytime phone number for verification.They may be edited for length and clarity,
and may be published in print or other formats. Email submissions are preferred.
Email: letters@ajc.com

How to submit an Opinion column: Submissions should be 600 words or less. Email
columns to Opinion Editor Andre Jackson at andre.jackson@ajc.com.Columns
submitted to the AJC may be published, republished and made available in the AJC
or other databases and electronic formats.

(Box)

Maybe money could be funneled back to colleges to provide more scholarships.

LOAD-DATE: July 24, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2016 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              414 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                            January 25, 2015 Sunday

SECTION: VIEWS; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 781 words



HIGHLIGHT: Sundayletters


Reinstate FDLE commissioner

As a lifetime resident of Florida, I think it is time for our elected officials
to stand up and do their jobs. At the next Florida Cabinet meeting, a motion
should be made and voted upon to reinstate, with back pay, FDLE Commissioner
Gerald Bailey.

CFO Jeff Atwater, Attorney General Pam Bondi and Agriculture Commissioner Adam
Putnam can take this action while our out-of-control governor, Rick Scott, can
do nothing about it.

We all know what happened - politics as usual via political payback, likely
criminal and most certainly unethical. To allow the FDLE commissioner's ouster
to stand marginalizes our Cabinet officers and prevents them from performing
their legal duties.

Dispense with the investigations, as it will be almost impossible to prosecute
and therefore a waste of taxpayers' money and everyone's time. This
reinstatement will embarrass Gov. Scott and show him that his unilateral actions
will not be tolerated by our Cabinet officers and the citizens of Florida.

Case closed - and move on with governing our state.

Mark Newton

Tampa

Bill, not amendment

Regarding Consider Maine's program (Your Views, Jan. 22) by John Chase of Palm
Harbor: He's right. The Florida Legislature should pass a bill regarding medical
marijuana that treats it just like any other doctor-prescribed opiate. Why amend
the Florida Constitution? If a constitutional amendment passes, it would be
almost impossible to change if it needs to be tweaked. Whereas with a
legislative bill, it could be done easily.

Samuel T. DuLaney

Tarpon Springs

Repaid with interest

God, I wish I was younger and just graduating from high school and not having to
worry about paying back my student loans like I had to when I went to
Hillsborough Community College. I earned a degree, but it was paid back in
interest, and I didn't leave government holding the loan on the taxpayers'
backs. I wouldn't have it any other way.

The best thing about the State of the Union address was that it ended just in
time for the seaon premier of Justified. Raylan Givens for president.

R.R. Brown

Tampa

Iorio for superintendent

Just thinking about the next great administrator that the Hillsborough County
School Board should hire, and only one name comes to mind. Unfortunately, she
has other obligations, but what a pick it would be: Pam Iorio.

Need I say more?

She would be strong, and it would be a feather in the cap for our community to
have someone with those qualities - even though it is probably a pipe dream on
my part.

Joe Voskerichian

Tampa

Israel and Iran

House Speaker John Boehner has invited Israeli Prime Minister Benjamin Netanyahu
to give a speech before both houses of Congress. This invitation was given
without consulting the White House, which aside from breaking protocol sends a
clear message: We are going to sabotage your rapprochement with Iran.

President Obama mentioned in the State of the Union address that he would veto
any new sanctions on Iran. It is no coincidence that the next day Boehner
invites Netanyahu to speak before Congress. Based on his past speeches,
Netanyahu will mention Iran a lot and use hyperbolic and inflammatory language
against them. Perhaps detente between Iran and the U.S. is not in the national
interest of Israel in the mind of Netanyahu. Israel may feel that it needs Iran
to be its enemy so it can divert people's attention from Israeli crimes in the
occupied territories.

Despite what we have been told, Iran is not an existential threat to Israel.
Iran has no deliverable nuclear weapons yet. Israel has plenty of nuclear
weapons, a powerful military and the full backing of the U.S. It would be
national suicide for Iran to attack Israel. Working out a deal with Iran is in
America's national interest. If no deal is reached, Iran might acquire a nuclear
weapon for defensive purposes, though.

Dan Corson

Riverview

Manufacturing hub

Because I was born in Cuba and spent the first 12 years of my life there, my son
knows my interest in following the current story. He brought an idea to my
attention that I found interesting.

Knowing about the strong interest of American industry in doing business in
Cuba, he thought that it would be ideal for these businesses to create multiple
manufacturing factories in Cuba that would create many, if not all, the goods
that China now makes.

No longer would businesses that purchase or manufacture goods in China have to
worry about the long, expensive shipping of these goods from China to the U.S.
An ample supply of hungry workers would do just about anything to raise their
standard of living, plus the Castro regime would see this as a great opportunity
to make easy money. Scary!

George A. McNenney

Palm Harbor

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2015 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              415 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 8, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Dear boss, I'm pregnant, divorcing and having open-heart surgery

BYLINE: Geoff Williams, Reuters

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. B5

LENGTH: 705 words


You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal to all your
coworkers. But at home, your life is like a country song - breakups, babies,
debts, diseases, the truck broke down and the dog is sick. Assuming your job
isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill?

Sharing personal details at work can be a difficult terrain to navigate. Tell
all early and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your
personal life affects your work. But overshare and you can marginalize yourself
at the one place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the most
anxiety provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule, you
should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance.

If you have a soft fuzzy workplace and consider your boss your friend, you may
feel like telling more. Interestingly, workers' views on sharing may be affected
by their age, says Amy Lynch, a Minneapolis consultant, who offers corporate
seminars on managing multiple generations in the workforce.

"Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to share private info, even
if it impacts performance," she says.

Generation X tends to share personal dramas since, "withholding it might be
unethical because it affects team performance."

Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that kind of info with everybody.
They Facebook it."

If you want to share with your colleagues, tell your boss first, says Niraj
Tenany, chief executive of Netwoven, a tech firm in Milpitas, Calif., with 45
employees.

You could be putting your friend in an uncomfortable, or even jobjeopardizing,
position if you hand them work-related information before telling your
supervisor.

Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tenn., firm with 125 employees.

"Yes, I care and I am happy for you but only share what is relevant to your work
position."

If it's inevitable your employer will learn your news, get it out there early.

For pregnancies, three months is probably good timing, says Allison O'Kelly of
Moms Corps, a professional flexible staffing firm.

"After that, I would tell because you don't want to look like you're holding
back. You want to look helpful."

Offer a solution at the same time that you bring up the topic. If you need to
take time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which
colleagues could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the
evenings.

"You want to get the news out there early so your employer has more time to
prepare and support you, and so they don't feel blindsided," says Nicole
Williams, connection director at LinkedIn and author of several career books,
including Earn What You're Worth.

Marty Kotis, president and CEO of Kotis Holdings, a Greensboro, N.C., shopping
centre developer, appreciated it when one of his employees gave him two months
notice before the employee was going to be sidelined with back surgery.

"It gave us a chance to discuss how we were going to cover the work flow," says
Kotis.

Some corporations have employee assistance programs (EAPs) run by third party
companies to help staff with personal problems.

They can save a company money, says Sarah Hulsey, the talent manager at Rising
Medical Solutions, a Chicago-based consulting firm that advises companies on
health benefits. If an employee can get help working out a knotty problem like
finding daycare for a dependent parent, that can save hours and days of work
time.

But there's another reason, says Hulsey: "The EAP is there so we don't have that
personal information shared in the workplace."

There are good reasons for companies to support valued employees. "The more
flexible I can be," Kotis says, "it helps me retain some really good staff
members."

LOAD-DATE: September 8, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


  Copyright 2012 The Leader-Post, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              416 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Lincoln Journal Star (Nebraska)

                            December 10, 2010 Friday

Band hopes its music sets an example;
Nebraska-based Adelaide doesn't define itself.

BYLINE: SHANNON SMITH

SECTION: GROUND ZERO; Pg. G8

LENGTH: 508 words


Adelaide is not a Christian band. Well, not by the traditional definition.

Rather, the band's members choose to describe themselves as Christians in a
band. They are proud Christians; their faith drives their behavior, their music,
their lyrics. But they don't want to ostracize people in an introduction, which
member Adam Trabold said can happen with the label of being a Christian band.

"I think that it marginalizes us and kind of puts us in a corner," Trabold said.
"Even as a Christian I believe that Christians can't sectionalize themselves
from everyone else in the world, and that's kind of a misconception with that
title."

With a name randomly generated from spinning a globe, taken from the town in
Australia, the indie rock band formed in 2008 when guitarist Alex Woodard met
guitarist and singer Trabold after a church performance. The two started a band,
each bringing in a lifelong friend to complete the group. Trabold pulled in Phil
Collison on drums; Woodard brought in Dan Fuhs on bass guitar.

The four are college students. Three attend the University of Nebraska at Omaha,
while University of Nebraska-Lincoln alumnus Fuhs is pursuing a master's degree
at Doane. Busy schedules have made it difficult to balance the band and school.
But when they do find time, Woodard said it's rewarding - from small-town
performances that feel like the whole community has come out to support them to
sharing the stage with Hanson at the Slowdown in August with screaming and
excited fans, to simply creating music together.

Woodard had been in bands before where he mostly brought the music to everyone
else. But with Adelaide, the process changed.

"We realized once we started doing more as a band that the stuff we were coming
up with sounded more true to who we were as a band," Woodard said. "Not that the
music was even better, which I think it's better, but it's more us than just me.
So we have been focusing on really pulling out the best in all of us to make the
best music we can."

The members of Adelaide want their music to be all-inclusive and welcoming, the
same way they say they feel their religion is. But to them, that doesn't mean
didactic monologues during shows.

"We don't really bring it up on stage. If anything, it's apparent in how we act
on and off stage," Woodard said. "It really depends on the venue. ... It's
definitely the venue to show your faith in action and how you act and who you
are, but it's not the venue to be preaching off a microphone." Trabold said
there's a time and a place for that, and it isn't in a bar.

"It definitely comes to play in lyrics and the music, I think. I write about
what I'm thinking about, and if I feel like I'm lost or something, you know, I
need that outlet," Trabold said."The bottom line is we just want to put on a
show, love the people, and we want to be an example, as opposed to somebody on a
microphone, because I can't think of one time I changed my mind because of
something somebody shouted at me really loudly at a concert."

Reach Shannon Smith at features@journalstar.com

LOAD-DATE: December 10, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2010 Lincoln Journal Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              417 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Brattleboro Reformer (Vermont)

                             April 14, 2015 Tuesday

Your opinions

BYLINE: Greg Howe, Brattleboro, April 8

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 801 words


Comparison to Nazis was not called for

Editor of the Reformer:

The bottomless well of a recent letter writer's dark rhetoric is once again on
display ("Rainbow = swastika?" April 8).

The all-too-common habit of comparing people with Nazi's is destructive of any
meaningful dialogue and makes light of the very real atrocities committed by the
Nazis. His twisted analogy also misses the mark.

The Indiana law to which he refers exemplifies the overreaches of the state in
an attempt to marginalize and intimidate a minority.

A boycott by people who wish to protest the inherent discrimination enabled by
this law is not analogous to the Nazi boycott of Jewish businesses, but rather a
principled stand for human rights and equal treatment for all citizens. State
must be more practical with ongoing Vermont Yankee costs

Editor of the Reformer:

The state of Vermont wants Vermont Yankee's longtime emergency planning zone and
emergency response organization to remain in force and unchanged until 2020. The
state's experts cite safety concerns, but as a retired nuclear power engineer,
that reason doesn't make sense.

It's really simple: once the spent fuel is in the fuel pool, the potential for
serious accident is greatly reduced and the current high level of emergency
preparedness is no longer necessary. It's like the end of winter   it's safe to
remove your expensive snow tires. All-seasons will work just fine.

The cynic might say "So what, it's not our money anyway," but that's not quite
how it works. Vermont Yankee won't start the decommissioning work until the
trust fund has grown big enough to pay for all of it.

Right now the trust fund is worth about $650 million, just over half of what's
needed. Spending about $100 million to support the current emergency plan
unnecessarily will set back the necessary work of decommissioning for years,
even decades.

The state of Vermont's efforts won't make us any safer, but they will make our
region poorer   by delaying the very welcome economic activity of
decommissioning and the eventual redevelopment of the site.

I still have hopes for a prompt, smooth decommissioning. Vermont Yankee went the
extra mile by taking out a multi-million dollar line of credit to help pay for
the near term cost of spent fuel management, easing the burden on the trust
fund. But the state must be more practical in its demands.

Richard January, Jaffrey, N.H., April 9What is the problem with the death
penalty?

Editor of the Reformer:

I saw on the Internet that the Boston Marathon bomber was convicted on all 30
counts, 17 of which carry the death penalty. I was not surprised; it was
absolutely clear Dzhokhar Tsarnaev is guilty beyond a reasonable doubt; even an
unreasonable one.

I was at the library and it started to snow; I checked out two DVDs. I cannot
explain why I picked up Errol Morris's "The Thin Blue Line," the documentary of
the murder of a police officer in Dallas in 1996. Quite a juxtaposition of two
situations at opposite ends of the spectrum: in Boston the physical evidence is
overwhelming, but in Dallas the defendant was convicted on questionable
testimony of a 16-year-old runaway who had stolen the murder weapon and get-away
vehicle. This "credible" witness goes on to a life of crime ending up on death
row where he gives an interview that closes the documentary implying that the
only thing the Dallas defendant did wrong was not give the runaway a place to
sleep.

I am considered a bleeding heart liberal by friends and family. Brought up to
believe right was might; good would always overcome evil. Now I know better.
Money, media and the bread and circus of the 21st century have highjacked
America, including the legal system.

Listening this morning to Diane Rehm on NHPR, I see it happening again with
Tsarnaev. They announced that the Boston Globe had spoken up against the death
penalty for this now-convicted terrorist. Two callers chimed in, one saying we
can learn something by keeping him alive; the other that he is just a misguided
youth.

Having crossed the threshold far beyond reasonable doubt knowing the fact of
guilt as certain as the sun will rise tomorrow, what is the problem with the
death penalty? What have we learned from Charles Manson or the Son of Sam.
Weren't they misguided youths? Does getting your picture on the cover of Rolling
Stone exempt you from justice?

If this convicted terrorist is spared the death penalty, every convicted
murderer under a death sentence should petition the U.S. Supreme Court to
commute their sentence to be true to the motto over the court's door: "Equal
justice under the law." Perhaps it would be easier and more accurate to change
the motto to "All the justice you can afford."

We are either a country of law or not: "with liberty and justice for all"

Dean Lynch, Westminster West, April 10

LOAD-DATE: April 16, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2015 MediaNews Group, Inc. and New England Newspaper Group Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              418 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                            February 22, 2009 Sunday
                                  Main Edition

BOOKS;
Women's lives tell story of American icon

BYLINE: PHIL KLOER; Staff

SECTION: ARTS & LEISURE; Pg. 4H

LENGTH: 604 words


Ask most people to name the first architect they can think of, and nearly all
will answer Frank Lloyd Wright --- even if they are unaware of anything he
designed or built, or why he is so lionized. But his name has become almost
synonymous with the profession itself, the result of a grand convergence of
talent, ego, drive, self-promotion and a level of publicity in his day (positive
and negative) that would have left Angelina Jolie or O.J. Simpson trailing in
his tabloid-churned wake.

T.C. Boyle, meanwhile, has written several novels that build fictional
scaffolding over the biographies of interesting, flawed men, including sex
researcher Alfred Kinsey in "The Inner Circle" and cereal magnate Harvey Kellogg
in "The Road to Wellville." Boyle also happens to live near Santa Barbara,
Calif., in the first private residence that Wright built in California, in 1909.
So the author is literally living inside the work of the man whose story he
tells here; it's hard to get much closer to your subject than that.

But the title, "The Women," tips us off that Boyle is not writing a conventional
life of Wright, as if anything Boyle writes could be conventional. Instead, he
marginalizes Wright to a large extent and focuses on the four women he loved
over his long life.

The architect married Kitty as a young man, and she bore him his six children.
In his 30s, he fell for the bold, feminist wife of a client, Mamah Cheney, and
set her up as his mistress in his Wisconsin masterpiece, Taliesin, even though
Kitty refused a divorce. Mamah was brutally murdered by a servant, and Wright
soon was consoling himself with Miriam Noel, a hotsy Southern belle and secret
morphine addict. Eventually he cast Miriam aside as well for Olgivanna
Hinzenburg, a Montenegrin ballerina. If that all sounds like a pitch for a new
prime-time soap, it reads that way a lot of the time.

As much as these women all loved Wright, he loved himself even more, convinced
that every action he took was right simply because he took it. "The heart wants
what it wants," Woody Allen said when he broke Mia Farrow's heart, and Wright
lived that motto ruthlessly. The newspapers of the day rolled in his personal
life like a dog in its mess, referring to Taliesin as his "love nest."

Boyle makes the curious choice of telling the story of Wright and his women in
reverse chronology, so that each mistress is displacing a wife, who in turn is
next seen as a mistress displacing a previous wife. This technique adds some
poignancy to some sequences, but overall doesn't seem worth the effort.

What is more than worth the effort is wading into Boyle's prose, which delights.
He gets into the heads of his various characters and writes scenes that weigh
with physical detail. Here's Miriam opening her divorce papers, for example:

"And what did she feel --- in that moment, the towel wrapped round her head, her
toes clenching the abrasive hemp of the doormat and her right hand held out
rigid before her, the black type of the summons staring back at her as if each
letter were a miniature face and each face reduced suddenly to a pair of
spitting lips?" The scene continues with Miriam's rage growing until it consumes
her and her surroundings.

This tells us very little, of course, about why Wright patterned the Guggenheim
Museum in New York after a seashell or built Fallingwater over a waterfall.
Boyle writes what he writes, and it is by and large very entertaining. And if
one wants to read more about Wright, there are more conventional biographies,
just as there are more conventional architects.

FICTION

"The Women" by T.C. Boyle; Viking; 451 pages; $27.95

LOAD-DATE: February 22, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution


                              419 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                            The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

                           January 5, 2006, Thursday

EDITORIAL: Council's embarrassing show

LENGTH: 625 words



NOTHING so illustrates the internecine warfare that splits the local Democratic
Party quite like the ridiculous display at Tuesday's organizational meeting of
Toledo City Council, which finally picked a leader in spite of itself.

Trouble is, if you're a Democrat, and you don't like Republicans, this didn't
end well at all: Council selected veteran Republican councilman Rob Ludeman as
its president on the fourth ballot, an extended exercise in political
gamesmanship that gives the democratic process a bad name.

A new president could have been chosen on the first ballot had the five members
of the Democrats' A Team, Frank Szollosi, Ellen Grachek, Wilma Brown, Michael
Ashford, and Phil Copeland, not pursued their fruitless support of Ms. Brown's
candidacy.

She is a former school board member well liked by her fellow councilmen, but she
has no real credentials to lead council in a strong mayor form of government.

Why even launch such an effort on her behalf when the sixth vote was not
available and wasn't going to emerge? Their strategy was doomed, and their
ultimate defeat only served to marginalize the political influence of the A Team
and its three African-American members.

Predictably, the A Team accused B Teamers Bob McCloskey and Mark Sobczak of
abandoning party principles in joining with the Republicans to elect Mr. Ludeman
on the fourth ballot. Maybe the B Teamers only wanted to abandon the charade
they had been part of.

Let us acknowledge, however, that what came out the other end of this needlessly
prolonged process - the election of Mr. Ludeman to become first among equals on
the 12-member council - is not a bad thing. We considered him one of three
councilmen - fellow Republican George Sarantou and Democrat Szollosi being the
others - who have the experience and the ability to do the job.

The new president and Mayor Finkbeiner see eye to eye on many things, but Mr.
Ludeman should never forget his responsibility to join with the three other
Republicans on council to challenge the administration when necessary, something
we consider an important component of the council presidency job description.
With control of one third of council, the Republicans finally can make a
difference.

Some leaders of the black community might see council's decision to deny the
presidency to Ms. Brown, a black woman, and turn to Mr. Ludeman, a white
businessman, as a racial slight. That would be unfortunate.

Would they then suggest that Toledo's white majority, the same majority that
helped elect Jack Ford four years ago, was racially motivated when it turned out
Mr. Ford and returned a white administration to power? Most Toledoans simply
want to see better performance out of City Hall.

The majority on council's A Team - Michael Ashford, Phil Copeland, and Wilma
Brown - badly misplayed their hand by insisting on Ms. Brown, and Mr. Szollosi,
a much more credible candidate, doomed his chances by letting them, and by
voting for a colleague he didn't want to win. It was an insincere act that
helped relegate the A teamers to parliamentary back-benchers.

Conversely, we may hear again from the coalition that elected Mr. Ludeman when
it is time to fill council's District 3 vacancy.

Maybe we should amend that old line about the two things you don't want to watch
being made - laws and sausages - to include something else that makes us ill:
the still cavernous divide in the Lucas County Democratic Party.


-----


Copyright (c) 2006, The Blade, Toledo, Ohio

Distributed by Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News.

For information on republishing this content, contact us at (800) 661-2511
(U.S.), (213) 237-4914 (worldwide), fax (213) 237-6515, or e-mail
reprints@krtinfo.com.

LOAD-DATE: January 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

KR-ACC-NO: TO-0105-EDITORIAL-Council-s-embarrassing-show

JOURNAL-CODE: TO

               Copyright 2006 Knight Ridder/Tribune Business News
                     Copyright 2006 The Blade, Toledo, Ohio


                              420 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                   Inland Valley Daily Bulletin (Ontario, CA)

                           February 27, 2003 Thursday

California continues to blaze anti-smoking trail

SECTION: HEALTH

LENGTH: 505 words


Teens:

California, the first state to ban smoking inpublic buildings -- including
restaurants, bars and even outdoor athletic stadiums -- is leading the way again
with a new anti-smoking initiative. The California legislature is about to vote
on a bill that will bar the sale of tobacco products to those younger than 21.
Right now, you have to be 18 to legally feed your smoking addiction.

More power to the state of California! Smoking isn't merelyan annoyance -- it's
a worldwide heath scourge. Responsible governmental agencies must continue the
effort to marginalize this activity in every way they can. Millions of lives are
at stake.

Researchers at the American Cancer Society, the World HealthOrganization and
Great Britain's Imperial Cancer Research Fund estimate that 3 million people die
each year worldwide from the use of tobacco products -- and the number is
increasing.

"By the time the younger smokers of today reach old age,there will be,
worldwide, 10 million deaths a year from tobacco," Richard Peto writes in the
book "Mortality From Smoking in Developed Countries, 1950-2000," a publication
of the three health organizations.

And the majority of these deaths will be females, becausesmoking continues to
attract females. Dr. Alan Lopez of the World Health Organization adds that
smoking will kill one in two smokers.

These are shocking statistics. Anything that puts the brakeson the spread of
this deadly habit is a positive move. That's why I favor California's proposed
increase in the minimum age to buy cigarettes. Yes, many young people will still
find ways to get ahold of tobacco even if the bill passes, but untold numbers of
potential smokers will have one more excuse never to start.

Dear Dr. Wallace:

We bought our 12-year-old son abicycle for his birthday. We also bought him a
certified safety helmet for his protection. Our problem is that he doesn't want
to wear the helmet when he rides his bike. He says it's awkward and unnatural.
What can we do to impress on him that it is necessary to wear his helmet? --
Parents, Moline, Ill.

Parents:

Simply put, you must not allow your son toride his bicycle without wearing his
helmet. If he disobeys, he can no longer ride his bike.

According to the Department of Transportation's NationalHighway Traffic Safety
Administration, 1,200 bicyclists are killed every year, 900 in collisions with
motor vehicles; another 1 million bicyclists are injured annually. No fewer than
75 percent of these deaths are due to head injuries.

In case your son hasn't figured it out yet, cars are biggerand faster than
bicycles; and bikes don't have airbags. If he hits a car, or a car hits him, he
will most likely fly into it head-first. His sole protection is that "awkward,
unnatural" helmet.

According to a nationwide survey conducted by the AmericanHealth Foundation, 59
percent of the children questioned did not wear a helmet the last time they rode
a bike. If I were you, I'd make sure my son was one of the other 41 percent.

LOAD-DATE: October 29, 2003

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                      Copyright 2003 Valley Daily Bulletin


                              421 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Copyright 2016 Zoom Information Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved

                            Zoom Company Information

                                   July 2016

                          MidWest Solidarity Movement

                               300 Hamline Avenue
                              St. Paul,  MN 55104
                                 United States

* * * * * * * * * * COMMUNICATIONS * * * * * * * * * *
URL: www.mwsmovement.com

* * * * * * * * * * COMPANY INFORMATION * * * * * * * * * *

* * * * * * * * * * DESCRIPTION * * * * * * * * * *

   We are committed to creating radical cultural, social, and political changes
in our communities and spaces. We have systematically been living in
institutionalized conservative, neo-liberal, and progressive beliefs and
politics that continues to marginalize us through divided and single issue
narratives. We are passionate and dedicated in organizing and mobilizing our
communities and ourselves through intersectionality for social equity and
justice.

LOAD-DATE: July 14, 2016


                              422 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           August 31, 2016 Wednesday

Voices for Equality: Rwanda

LENGTH: 261  words

DATELINE: New York



 New York City: International Human Rights Organization has issued the following
news release:



 Silence can be its own type of persecution. It can marginalize an entire social
group, driving its members underground, making them afraid to stand up and
proudly proclaim who they are, or even just exist openly as themselves.





 But sometimes silence is the best option when the national conversation about
homosexuality treats it as a myth or a Western import supposedly eroding the
country's moral fabric.



 But brave Rwandan activists are shattering this silence. They often do so at
grave personal risk, fighting against an environment rife with homophobia.



 While Rwanda is one of a handful of African nations that does not have any laws
specifically criminalizing homosexuality, there is widespread political and
cultural animosity towards the LGBT community. Activists have noted increasing
acts of violence against LGBT Rwandans, calls to incite such violence, and
growing interest in excluding the LGBT community from constitutionally
guaranteed rights.



 That's why activists are asking for the support of the international community,
including the United States, as they work against homophobia and towards
inclusion.



 One goal for LGBT activists is for the U.S. Department of State to engage with
Rwandan government leadership to create an open dialogue on LGBT concerns,
paving the way for LGBT Rwandans to represent their interests personally.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: September 1, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              423 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Baltimore Sun

                            August 25, 2016 Thursday
                                 First Edition

Religious holidays back for study

BYLINE: Liz Bowie

SECTION: MAIN NEWS; A; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 644  words


Despite rejecting a move to close schools on certain Muslim holidays, Baltimore
County school board members said they aren't dropping the issue.

The decision to continue examining when schools should close for religious
holidays came after a contentious meeting at which the board voted 6-5 not to
grant the holiday closures requested by members of the Muslim community.

Before they voted, board members heard lengthy and emotional commentary from
supporters and opponents of Muslim holidays in county public schools.

Muslim leaders were stung by the defeat of a decades-long effort to have their
holy days recognized on the school calendar. They denounced the vote and
predicted that it would further marginalize Muslim students.

"This smells of bigotry and discrimination," said Muhammed Jameel, president of
the Islamic Society of Baltimore, which has 30,000 congregants in the area.

Muslim parents wanted the school board to close school on two Islamic holy days,
Eid al-Adha and Eid al-Fitr, when they fall on school days. It is rare that both
holidays fall on a school day in one year. The board scheduled one of its
professional development days for teachers on Sept. 11, which coincides with
Eid-al-Adha this year, so all students have the day off.

Eid al-Fitr, which marks the end of Ramadan, will fall on June 25 next year and
roughly 11 days earlier with each passing year.

Jameel said the board's action makes it harder for Muslim leaders to combat
people who want to radicalize Muslim youth, arguing that American society
discriminates against them.

"It is a very wrong message that is sent by the board," Jameel said.

If board members had approved the request, Muslim holy days would have shared
equal stature with Jewish holy days. The school system closes for the Jewish
holidays of Yom Kippur and Rosh Hashanah each year.

Immediately following the vote Tuesday night, the board voted to have its policy
review committee take up the issue of closing on all religious holidays.

Board members who were opposed said the school system can legally close only for
secular reasons. A federal appeals court ruling in 1999 and state court rulings
have said schools can close on religious holidays only when they can show there
is a secular reason, such as an economic or logistical reason to close. For
instance, if schools would need to hire a large number of substitute teachers
during a religious holiday, or if a large number of children would be absent
that day.

"Next time around, the Buddhists or the Hindus will be asserting the same
thing," said board member Ann Miller. "I think we need to be clear what will
trigger the closure."

The system, which does not collect data on the religious affiliation of its
students, has no way of knowing how many Muslim, Christian or Jewish students
are enrolled.

Board members who favored closing on Muslim holidays said they believed only
anecdotal information was available to support closing schools for either the
Jewish or Muslim religious days, and it was therefore discriminatory to leave
out Muslim holy days.

Jameel applauded those on the board who took a stand, saying the close vote was
at least a measure of how far they had come.

Board member Nick Stewart, who was not at the meeting, said he would have voted
against the motion. Although Stewart told Bashar Pharoan, a Muslim who has
advocated for school closure, he would support the measure, Stewart said he
changed his mind because of legal issues. His participation would not have
changed the outcome of the board's decision; seven votes were needed to pass the
motion..

"All we get is rejection and pushing the issue back ... is not positive," said
Pharoan, who has come to nearly every board meeting for the past 12 years to
speak about the issue during the public comment period. "It is just a stall
tactic, not anything more than that."

liz.bowie@baltsun.com

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                    Copyright 2016 The Baltimore Sun Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              424 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 22, 2015 Thursday

Prioritize Hunger in the State of the Union Tonight

LENGTH: 609  words


Washington, D.C.: Bread for the World has issued the following news release:

Tonight at 9 p.m. EST, President Obama will deliver the State of the Union
address - a time-honored tradition - and outline his priorities for next year.
Immediately afterward, Sen. Joni Ernst (R-Iowa) will deliver the Republican
response. Will hunger and poverty rank as priorities?

"The State of the Union matters to those of us working to end hunger," says
LaVida Davis, director of organizing and grassroots capacity at Bread for the
World. "Both the president and the response will give clues as to what will be
prioritized in next year's budget. If they aren't talking about ending hunger,
they won't fund the programs that will."

Although the economy is improving, millions of families still struggle to make
ends meet - 45 million Americans live at or below the poverty line. Policies
that marginalize groups of individuals increase food insecurity in the United
States. Laws passed with the aim of ending hunger make an impact.
Internationally, the implementation of smart policies has achieved dramatic
progress against hunger and poverty; the number of people living in extreme
poverty has been cut in half since 1990. We believe that we can end hunger and
poverty by 2030 if our nation's leaders make it a priority.

Tonight we will listen for hunger-ending key words. Below is a list of the words
or phrases we hope to hear. Positive reinforcement helps, so we will praise each
mention as we live tweet the speeches from @bread4theworld.

Child nutrition: When one in five children lives in families that struggle to
put food on the table, passing a child nutrition bill with improvements will
give more children at risk of hunger access to healthy food. Protecting SNAP
(formerly food stamps) will also be key to reducing child hunger.

The earned income tax credit (EITC) and the child tax credit:  Low-income tax
credits pull more children out of poverty than any other government program. It
is time to make the credits permanent.

Paid family leave: The president will take executive action to extend paid leave
to federal employees, reflecting a key recommendation in the Bread for the World
Institute's 2014 Hunger Report, Ending Hunger in America. Congress should follow
suit with policy changes that will benefit all U.S. workers

Mass incarceration: Policies that regulate our criminal justice system are
increasing hunger and poverty in low-income communities, especially communities
of color. Passing smarter sentencing laws and improving the re-entry process for
returning citizens would help restore fairness in our justice system.

Immigration reform:  An estimated 11.2 million unauthorized immigrants live in
the shadows where hunger and poverty persist. Reform should include a path to
citizenship and also address the root causes of migration to the United States.

Feed the Future:  A global hunger and food-security initiative, Feed the Future
is a driver behind recent progress against global hunger. It is time to codify
the initiative into permanent law.

Food-aid reform:  By updating our food-aid policies, we can help feed millions
more with no additional tax dollars.

AGOA:  The African Growth and Opportunity Act seeks to increase mutually
beneficial trade ties between the United States and Africa and can help move
millions out of poverty.

Join the conversation on Twitter, and help us empower our leaders tonight. When
they talk about hunger, make sure they hear us applaud with a tweet. Let's start
by asking them to talk about hunger now.

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 22, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              425 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                             April 13, 2008 Sunday

MAYPORT;
The carrier issue

SECTION: Pg. G-2

LENGTH: 722 words


Mayport Naval Station, with a shrinking role in the nation's defense, is at a
crossroads; soon, the Pentagon will decide whether it wants to revitalize the
base or marginalize it further.

Much is at stake, nationwide and locally alike.

The USS John F. Kennedy, Mayport's last aircraft carrier, was retired a year
ago.

In 2006, the last full year before that happened, there were 13,300 sailors at
the base, according to the online Navy Times.

Not only was the JFK lost, 10 frigates are to be decommissioned. That means
there will be just 9,300 sailors by 2014.

Unless the Navy acts.

THE OPTIONS

Thirteen plans are under consideration, articles in The Florida Times-Union and
Navy Times report.

One is to do nothing.

The most modest of the others - adding four destroyers and a frigate - would
bring another 1,790 sailors here, the Navy Times reports.

That would "cushion the blow" but not bring the base back up to 2006 levels.

The most ambitious plan would bring in a carrier, two amphibious assault ships,
four destroyers and a frigate. About 7,200 additional sailors would be needed,
more than offsetting earlier personnel losses.

That would help the local economy. But would it matter to the rest of the
nation?

Of course.

NATIONAL SECURITY

All East Coast carriers are homeported in Norfolk, Va. That sets up a "Pearl
Harbor" scenario, in which al-Qaida could cripple the fleet in a single attack.

The danger is particularly bad because, as the Times-Union noted, ships have to
go nearly a dozen miles down a passageway in Norfolk to get to the ocean; if one
is sunk there, others might not be able to get out for months.

FLAWED REASONING

Critics list several reasons why they think Mayport shouldn't get a carrier, but
none hold up to scrutiny:

Preparation: It would cost nearly $500 million to get the base "nuclear ready" -
mostly dredging work - and the Pentagon has higher priorities than dispersing
its fleet, they say, according to an article in the Norfolk newspaper.

But it would be hard to fight a war overseas without enough carriers for fighter
planes. Why would it be a low priority to protect them?

Logistics: A couple carriers usually are out to sea, so - even if there is a
successful sneak attack, the enemy cannot cripple them all at once.

But would it be acceptable to lose a couple of the Atlantic carriers, then? Of
course not. If it were, the Pentagon would have already eliminated them to save
money.

Cost: The price is too high, some critics insist.

Several hundred million dollars is a lot of money. But the base in Japan was
made nuclear-ready, so it could accommodate the USS George Washington when the
oil-fired USS Kitty Hawk retires later this year.

If it didn't cost too much there, it doesn't cost too much here - assuming the
Navy believes it's essential to scatter the Atlantic fleet.

Economical: Keeping all ships at one base is more economical. So what? It would
be even more economical not to have any carriers at all - and to equip soldiers
with cheap guns and machetes.

The military's job is to protect the country - and it can't do that well with a
badly crippled carrier fleet.

The Navy obviously sees the merits of dispersal. The Pacific carriers are spread
out between California and Washington state.

That's why it probably will want to put a carrier here.

DOWNSIZING

The Pentagon has been downsizing for quite some time in Duval County.

A third of all military jobs here vanished in the past 30 years, according to a
Florida Defense Alliance study released in January.

Granted, military manpower in general fell during that time - but, at 24
percent, not nearly as much.

If the military presence continues to decline here, the economy will suffer.

Even worse, national security will be hurt.

Not only does the nation need more than one carrier base on the East Coast, but
Jacksonville is important because of its close proximity to the Caribbean and
South America.

That's why Mayport home-ported many carriers in the past - until the advent of
nuclear carriers made its facilities outdated.

The base should be updated, so it can get another carrier.

Don't be inadequately protected, particularly in a time of war.

ECONOMIC IMPACT

Big bucks: In Duval County, the military provides:

- 151,400 jobs.

- A $12.1 billion economic impact, the equivalent of about four Super Bowls.

Source: Florida Defense Alliance, The Florida Times-Union

LOAD-DATE: April 15, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo
PHIL FRETZ/The Times-Union Norfolk-based aircraft carrier USS George Washington,
shown during training exercises off the coast of Virginia, won't be home-ported
at Mayport Naval Station; instead, it soon will head for a new assignment in
Japan. But there are indications that Mayport may get another aircraft carrier
in the foreseeable future.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2008 The Florida Times-Union


                              426 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                              April 7, 2008 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Parents Get Crash Course In Hubris 101

SECTION: NATION/WORLD; Pg. 10

LENGTH: 451 words


Hillsborough school officials know that changing a school's attendance boundary
can throw families into a tizzy. Yet the district continues to go out of its way
to marginalize and antagonize parents who express concerns about a shuffle.

It's happening again with a proposed boundary change in New Tampa. The district
wants to move more than 300 students from Witter and Shaw elementary schools
near the University of South Florida, to Clark and Hunter's Green elementary
schools in New Tampa.

District officials know they must involve parents for boundary changes to go
over well. Yet families in New Tampa were kept out of the meetings where the
proposed shifts were discussed.

Apparently the district has a policy that invites families to informational
meetings if their child faces a transfer, but excludes families whose children
attend the receiving school.

When Clark parent Suzanne Sloss tried to get her school board representative,
Jack Lamb, to meet with concerned parents, he said no. Lamb told us the board's
policy is to not meet with parents, but to hear from them right before the board
votes.

Lamb says he told the parents to contact the two administrators in charge of
boundary changes. But Sloss said those officials brushed her off, too.

The New Tampa families have been unfairly tagged as elitists. Given the behavior
of school officials, it appears they're the ones who should climb down from the
pedestal.

This school district cannot ask parents to devote their time and energy into
building top-notch schools and then tell them to sit down and shut up if they
have questions.

Lamb seems all too eager to dismiss the New Tampa parents - even suggesting that
some are racially motivated in their opposition. Yet both Clark and Hunter's
Green are racially diverse. The parents' questions center mostly on whether
these high-achieving schools are prepared to accept children with lagging
academic skills.

Remember, in this FCAT-crazed environment, schools are most harshly judged on
the performance of their lowest-performing students. This reality affects how
teachers spend their time - and it doesn't always benefit students who are
advanced learners.

The parents wanted information. Not all of them are necessarily opposed to the
boundary changes.

By purposely excluding New Tampa families and refusing to answer their
questions, the school district undermines the bridge-building transition that
would have benefited children from both New Tampa and the University area.

They say it takes a village to raise a child. Apparently in Hillsborough, a few
arrogant administrators will suffice.

Copyright © 2008, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: OUR OPINION

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2008 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              427 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                             April 28, 2003 Monday

Bills Would Ease Way for the Disabled in N.Y.

BYLINE: Staff Reporter of the Sun

SECTION: NATIONAL; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 215 words


City Council members want to make it easier for people with disabilities to move
around the city. Joined by a coalition of advocates, Council Member John Liu
yesterday announced the introduction of three bills to strengthen the
enforcement of handicap parking laws and provide more accessible taxi and livery
service for people who use wheelchairs and other transportation aids.

"As the capital of the world, New York City has a responsibility for leading the
way in the use of transportation infrastructure to help overcome barriers that
isolate and marginalize people with disabilities," Mr. Liu said. The first two
bills he plans to introduce would increase the penalties for illegally parking
in handicap spaces and create a program to authorize volunteers to document
vehicles parked in those spaces. The third bill requires all livery and taxi
services to have at least one handicap-accessible car - but some of the bill's
supporters want to take it one step further. John Gresham of New York Lawyers
for the Public Interest, Inc. said that out of 12,187 yellow taxis only five are
handicap accessible. "There is a proposal in the mayor's executive budget to
sell 900 medallions over the next three years," he said. "We're looking for a
commitment to make all of them handicap accessible."

LOAD-DATE: April 21, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2003 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              428 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

              November 15, 2000, Wednesday, FIVE STAR LIFT EDITION

LETTERS TO THE EDITOR

SECTION: EDITORIAL, Pg. B6

LENGTH: 1390 words



Misunderstood motives in Mideast

The Nov. 9 editorial about Palestinian youths who succumb to the myths of
sacrificing their lives for their homeland paints a one-sided picture.

Let us not turn our attention away from the fact that Israeli soldiers are using
helicopter gunships and tanks on these "kids." In the much publicized fighting
in Ramallah, an investigation by the international human rights group Human
Rights Watch found that the Israeli Defense Forces excessively used "lethal
force against unarmed Palestinian demonstrators who posed no imminent danger of
death or serious injury to security forces or to others, and indiscriminate use
of force in responding to situations involving gunfire from the Palestinian
side. . . . They made significantly little use of tear gas, even when evidence
suggests that tear gas was more effective in dispersing protesters."

Although there are children who have misconceived visions of grandeur, we must
not forget that this battle is being fought from two fronts. The editorial
portrays this conflict as the fault of the Palestinian families and society. The
real issue is that when a people have become so socially, politically and
economically marginalized, the Israelis necessarily are creating an environment
of despair.

These kids who are "sneaking into the streets to battle Israeli soldiers with
guns," are just that, kids. They are surrounded by a fully funded, armed
military force. Are you trying to marginalize the deaths of the almost 200
Palestinians by saying that they are all mischievous kids whose parents and
societies should have taught them better?

I wonder if you would look at the civil rights movement of the 1960s and blame
all of the African-American "kids" who were "sneaking away" to battle with the
Southern white police force. Do you think that their parents and societies
should have stopped them from getting themselves into "trouble" for something
that they believed in? I see no difference here.

Arsalan Iftikhar

Executive Director, St. Louis Chapter Council on American Islamic Relations

St. Louis

The Nov. 9 editorial attempted to explain why Palestinian boys are willing to
die for their country, as they believe they will gain their reward in eternal
paradise. It does not however, give reasons as to why Israeli soldiers shoot
these kids, but only blames the soldiers as having bloody hands, especially if
they know that these kids are being used as political pawns.

Is a soldier not justified in killing if he is defending his life? Is a rock
from a minor, any less deadly than a rock from an older person?

How does a soldier discriminate between a child killer or an adult killer if the
attackers are together in one big group? Are not child killers in this country
seen and tried as adults sometimes, especially if their intent is to kill
without provocation?

Giving explanations for one side, but not for the other, has the implication
that the one side has a reason but the other side has not. This gives the
impression that the writer is subtly blaming the Israelis as it implies that
they should know better than to kill children!

Laraine Silberstein

Olivette

Even though I am neither Palestinian nor Arab, I was disturbed by the
deprecatory manner in which the Nov. 9 editorial treated Arab culture and its
religious values.

The editorial discusses the religious "myth" of a martyr inheriting 72 virgins
in paradise, and how such "myths" are inciting Palestinian children to fight
Israeli soldiers. My interactions with Palestinians, Arabs and Muslims in
general indicate that their daily actions are motivated by concerns other than
lust for 72 "mythical" virgins in the afterlife! Nevertheless, many Western
writers and critics remain obsessed with this "myth" and argue that these
religious "myths" provide an adequate explanation for individual conduct in Arab
and Islamic societies.

Inherent in this argument is the prejudice that afflicts many superficial
Western observers: that the Eastern cultures remain mired in religion and
tradition, with people still guided in their daily lives by mythology and
superstition. Such a simplistic view of the values and ethics in other cultures
demonstrates an inability to rise above ethnocentric and parochial viewpoints to
truly comprehend and appreciate the complexity of human experience in other
societies.

The editorial goes too far when it implies that by glorifying martyrd om, the
Arab culture is fueling suicidal rage in children against the Israelis. Surely,
you would not suggest that by teaching Biblical tales and prophecies (or should
I say "myths"?), the Jewish culture is encouraging Israeli occupation and
expropriation of Palestinian land, the harsh treatment of Palestinians and the
denial of their legitimate claim to their homeland?

Haroon Taqi

Ballwin

In better days, I always remembered this quote from the late great prime
minister of Israel, Golda Meir, who responded in an interview during the 1967
war: "When peace comes, we will perhaps in time, be able to forgive the Arabs
for killing our sons, but it will be harder for us to forgive them for having
forced us to kill their sons."

Why can't the women be in charge?

Selma Silverman Kahan

Creve Coeur

----------------------------------------

Nation's wounds could be difficult to heal

Disgust. Anger. Frustration. Hope. Confidence.

These are but a few of the emotions I have experienced over the past few days.
However, the emotion that has me the most concerned is fear.

I fear that these two men who have fallen into the trap of partisan politics
cannot rise above it to accept what may well be a flawed election.

I fear that by continuing the rancor, Gov. George W. Bush and Vice President Al
Gore will contribute to the undermining of the democratic process prescribed in
the Constitution.

I fear that, if this animosity continues, the country will be wounded so deeply
it will take decades for us to come together in a positive manner.

Would that these two could swallow their pride, no matter what the outcome of
this election recount may eventually be, in order to work for the country
instead of themselves.

Let's allow this fragile, amazing system to overcome spin, self-interest and
partisanship and enable our democracy to flourish for another 212 years.

Grow up, boys. This thing is bigger than both of you. Are you men enough to
accept it?

Marty Henry

Lake Saint Louis

Why vote at all? It has become a sterile, unfulfilling responsibility. Voting is
as effective as post-vasectomy procreation. It's time to give America relief
from this task. It's time to let the truly virile members of our society perform
the task. I propose that only lawyers vote.

They will inevitably decide the presidential contest anyway. Why not save
millions of hard-working Americans the frustration associated with voting?

I say we end the charade of sterile Americans purporting to elect a lea der and
turn it over to the true decision makers: members of the American Bar
Association.

Jim Cobb

St. Louis

The headline on the Nov. 10 letters read, "Will lawyers decide the presidency?"
As a lawyer, I believe that headline did a great disservice not only to lawyers
but to the general population as well.

This country's founding fathers established the judicial branch of government as
an equal source of power, of and for the people, with the executive and
legislative branches. The various state constitutions mirror this three-part
system of government.

Any person who has a grievance can use the judicial system to resolve the
dispute. In Florida, the aggrieved parties are individuals and groups who
believe they were disenfranchised. When a state or federal judge agrees to hear
their cases, lawyers are hired to process the claims and defenses. The judicial
system will make the ultimate determination of the claims.

Regardless of the outcome, we will have a newly elected president. Our system
will go on.

Lawyers are simply legal technicians, agents for the aggrieved voters or the
election districts. Lawyers aren't deciding. The voters, subject to state and
federal law, decide who is going to be our president.

Pat Callahan

Trenton, Ill.

LOAD-DATE: November 15, 2000

LANGUAGE: English

                  Copyright 2000 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              429 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                January 25, 1997, Saturday, Late Edition - Final

Sports of The Times;
In the End, Where Will Power Lie?

BYLINE: By WILLIAM C. RHODEN

SECTION: Section 1; Page 31; Column 1; Sports Desk

LENGTH: 724 words

DATELINE: NEW ORLEANS


IN the midst of an early morning chill, Harold McDaniel pulled out his autograph
book and reviewed the names of celebrities who had stopped by his chess table on
Canal Street.

He spoke most excitedly about two avid chess players who happened to play for
the Patriots. During Super Bowl week, Jimmy Hitchcock and Corwin Brown had
become welcomed regulars. "Nice young men," McDaniel said.  "Real nice. I mean
if I had a son, I'd want him to be like these two kids."

McDaniel beat Brown something like 20 consecutive games, but said the football
player had fought each time.

"He has the heart of a lion," McDaniel said.  "He had courage, but courage in
the face of superior force is meaningless if you don't know what you're doing.
You have to have a plan. Have to know the game of chess."

African-American athletes, whether they know it or not, are engaged in a
ruthless game of chess with the reigning power structure of the National
Football League. As the number of African-American athletes soars, this pro
football hierarchy revels in this black presence at one level, but marginalizes
it at another. In the last three months, 34 coaching vacancies have occurred at
Division I A college programs and in the National Football League. One
African-American has been hired, at New Mexico State.

This evolving paradigm swings wider and cuts deeper than whether Green Bay's
offensive coordinator, Sherman Lewis, gets a head coaching job, or whether the
National Football League hires its first black general manager.

Commissioner Paul Tagliabue, asked about the hiring issue, said yesterday "It
will continue to happen."

The hiring of African Americans won't just happen.

It hasn't happened in Tagliabue's office, where only 3 of more than 40 vice
presidents are African-Americans. Things never just happen. In this case, they
won't happen until black athletes, who form a significant power base within the
N.F.L., insist that they change.

This is more an issue of athletes' meeting the coercive power of ownership and
management with concerted action. Athletes will have to assume a dramatically
more aggressive role to insure their upward mobility. The issue here is more
complex than pride and courage.

Players might take a lesson from an event that unfolded here largely buried by
the Super Bowl hype. Last Friday, members of a fraternity distributed flyers
under the doors of white male students at Loyola and Tulane Universities here,
inviting them to a rush for Delta Kappa Epsilon. The fraternity's event for Jan.
20, Martin Luther King's birthday, was "DKE National Holiday." The flyer invited
recipients to "Come celebrate the King's birthday with fried chicken from
Popeye's, watermelon and a 'forty' " -- a 40-ounce bottle of beer.

A white student at Loyola showed the flyer to two black friends, Nathan Woods
and Ryan C. Holmes. On Monday, Holmes, Woods, their white friend and eight
others visited the frat house. Asked their business when they arrived, Holmes
said: "We're here to celebrate Martin Luther King's birthday with you. Where's
the chicken?"

There was no violence but Holmes said that he made his point. You can argue that
college students reacting to slights and indignities are far less at risk than
high-profile athletes who would protest hiring practices. But if 19-year-old
students are courageous enough to confront a racial situation, why should
millionaire athletes who collectively form a vast power base, tremble in fear?

A couple of days ago, Holmes said he was confronted on Loyola's campus by two
members of the fraternity who he said demanded to know "what I was trying to
prove." He also said his white friend involved in the frat-house visit had been
tripped on his way to class by two members of the fraternity.

In sports, courage and pride by African-American athletes are now narrowly
defined by what happens on the gridiron and the hard court.

Tomorrow, large numbers of them will make heroic plays to help New England or
Green Bay win a championship. In 10 years, how many of tomorrow's heroes will be
reabsorbed and placed in N.F.L. seats of power? Keith Byars, New England's
veteran running back, plans to be part of the change. "I think I can make a
difference, not just on the field but in the front office as well," he said. "I
think there should be a job for me."

LOAD-DATE: January 25, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              430 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Herald-Times (Bloomington, Indiana)

                     Distributed by Tribune Content Agency

                           October 29, 2016 Saturday

EDITORIAL: School action was specific; flag message is broader

BYLINE: Herald-Times, Bloomington, Ind.

SECTION: COMMENTARY

LENGTH: 485 words


Oct. 29--Bloomington High School North Principal Jeffry Henderson handled an
incendiary situation at his school Wednesday about as well as possible. He
thoughtfully balanced the right to free speech with the legal authority he has
to protect the educational process from disruption.

The issue involved students who came to school displaying the Confederate battle
flag. Under usual circumstances, such as wearing the symbol on a T-shirt or cap,
that could be defended as self expression. But some of the students draped flags
around themselves like capes and some used racial and homophobic language toward
minority groups to accompany their fashion choice. In effect, they turned the
flag into a symbol of oppression and hate in an attempt to marginalize others.
Students felt intimidated and targeted.

The actions became the focus of the school day for many, causing a substantial
disruption in the educational process that led Henderson to ban displays of the
flag.

Legally, it was not about the flag itself; it was about how the symbol was being
used and the disruption it caused. The 1968 Supreme Court ruling Henderson used
for guidance and justification actually upheld the right of students in Des
Moines, Iowa, to wear black armbands to protest the war in Vietnam. School
officials had sent the students home and lower courts had ruled in favor of the
schools. But the Supreme Court ruled 7-2 that the school's action violated the
students' right to free expression.

The key in the local situation is that the Court also held that school officials
had a right to suppress the otherwise free expression if it "materially and
substantially" interfered with the operation of the school. That, specifically,
was what happened at Bloomington High School North on Wednesday.

Disruption aside, the message many of the group seemed to be sending with the
Confederate battle flag should be condemned.

Some like to claim the flag is only a symbol of southern pride, heritage and
honor. That historical red herring ignores the reality that in current usage,
the Confederate battle flag offends African-Americans by representing to them
support for the dehumanizing practices of slavery and segregation. It symbolizes
something far more provocative and egregious than pride, heritage or honor.

We hope students will take to heart Superintendent Judy DeMuth's call for
volunteers to meet with administrators to make high schools feel more welcoming
and safe for all students. The flag issue is a symbol of something larger, she
said, and she's right.

It's undeniable that it has become a symbol of division and intolerance. The
First Amendment says people are free to display those things, but they should be
aware of the message they're sending out when they do.

___ (c)2016 the Herald-Times (Bloomington, Ind.) Visit the Herald-Times
(Bloomington, Ind.) at www.heraldtimesonline.com Distributed by Tribune Content
Agency, LLC.

LOAD-DATE: October 30, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20161029-BM-EDITORIAL-School-action-was-specific-flag-message-is-broader-1029-20
161029

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: BM


                          Copyright 2016 Herald-Times


                              431 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                            January 23, 2015 Friday
                              Late Edition - Final

In Executive Order, Christie Appoints Emergency Manager in Atlantic City

BYLINE: By PATRICK McGEEHAN

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; Metropolitan Desk; Pg. 22

LENGTH: 776 words


Moving to take greater control over Atlantic City, which is struggling
financially as its casino industry shrinks, Gov. Chris Christie on Thursday
appointed a corporate finance lawyer to be the city's emergency manager.

Along with the lawyer, Kevin Lavin, Mr. Christie brought in Kevyn Orr -- the
lawyer who led Detroit through the bankruptcy it emerged from last month -- as a
consultant. Mr. Christie said the appointments were not intended to ''
marginalize or minimize'' the roles of the city's elected government, led by
Mayor Don Guardian.

But the governor's move, made through an executive order, came just two weeks
after Mr. Guardian flatly rejected the proposal of an emergency manager, saying
that it would simply add another layer of bureaucracy. The appointments drew
immediate fire from the president of the state Policemen's Benevolent
Association, Patrick Colligan, who called the managers ''hatchet men.''

Police and Fire Department officials are wary because a report issued in
November by a commission appointed by the governor recommended reducing the size
of Atlantic City's police and firefighting forces as one way of saving money.
That report, which also suggested installing an emergency manager, said that the
city's property tax revenue would fall to $8 billion in the 2016 fiscal year,
less than half of what it was three years ago.

Atlantic City has never fulfilled the hopes that led lawmakers to legalize
gambling there almost four decades ago. But its financial problems turned into a
crisis after neighboring states, most notably Pennsylvania, created their own
casinos and siphoned off many of the gamblers who had streamed to the Jersey
Shore.

Four of Atlantic City's 12 casinos closed last year, and a fifth, Trump Taj
Mahal, barely averted a shutdown last month. The closings left about 9,000
casino workers unemployed.

The steady deterioration led Mr. Christie to declare on Thursday that he could
not ''wait any longer.'' He said that ''more aggressive action'' was needed, and
that ''it's time to confront the dire circumstances.''

Mr. Christie said his appointees would provide the city's elected officials with
tools to help them resolve the city's financial problems. His executive order
calls for Mr. Lavin to report back within 60 days with ''a plan to place the
finances of Atlantic City in stable condition on a long-term basis by any and
all lawful means.''

Despite such strong language, some close observers of the situation expressed
relief that the governor's action was not more autocratic.

''I was loaded for bear this morning,'' said Bill Dressel, the executive
director of the New Jersey State League of Municipalities. ''I was ready to roll
the cannon out of the closet and aim it at the golden dome.''

He said he had been prepared to criticize the governor for usurping the
authority of the city's elected officials. But after reading the order and
talking with Mr. Guardian, Mr. Dressel said he was pleasantly surprised by the
tone of the first-day discussions.

In a statement, Mr. Guardian said that ''although no timetable was given, they
communicated to us that they wanted to get in, help us fix the city's finances,
and get out.''

Assemblyman Vince Mazzeo, who has proposed legislation aimed at stabilizing
Atlantic City's tax base, issued a statement backing Mr. Guardian and opposing
Mr. Christie's action.

''The appointment of an emergency manager is not something that I support, but I
will work with him and his team in a cooperative manner to fix and reform
Atlantic City's dire property tax situation,'' Mr. Mazzeo said. He added that
''even with the appointment of an emergency manager -- and some questions about
his powers and what he's going to be able to accomplish -- the need to reform
and stabilize the Atlantic City tax structure is still the most pressing fiscal
issue facing our region.''

The appointment of Mr. Orr, who was the emergency manager of Detroit for about
20 months, is not an indication that Atlantic City is likely to file for
bankruptcy, Mr. Dressel said. He said that New Jersey laws effectively ruled out
a municipal bankruptcy, and that there had not been one in the state since the
Great Depression.

But now that he will be working closely with Mr. Orr, Mr. Guardian may regret a
line or two he uttered last week in his State of the City speech. ''At least
we're not Detroit,'' the mayor said, as he ran through a series of quips.

Then he gave his reaction to the idea of appointing an emergency manager.
''Yeah, of course,'' he said then. ''It's a great idea to have the state monitor
monitor the state monitor who's already monitoring me.''




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/01/23/nyregion/christie-uses-executive-order-to-appo
int-an-emergency-manager-in-atlantic-city.html

LOAD-DATE: January 23, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: The Trump Plaza Casino in Atlantic City, which had 12 casinos
until four closed last year. (PHOTOGRAPH BY MARK MAKELA/REUTERS)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              432 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Daily Gleaner (New Brunswick)

                           September 28, 2010 Tuesday

Southwest eyes AirTran to attack East Coast markets

BYLINE: JOHN CRAWLEY and KYLE PETERSON Reuters

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. D1

LENGTH: 786  words


WASHINGTON - Southwest Airlines Co, the largest U.S. low-cost airline, struck a
deal to buy smaller rival AirTran Holdings Inc for about $1 billion, aiming to
challenge bigger carriers in the East Coast market.

The cash-and-stock deal, announced Monday, values AirTran at a rich 69 per cent
premium to its Friday closing price and would lift Southwest into fourth place
in U.S. air traffic rankings from sixth place. Southwest, which has a market cap
of about $10 billion, said the deal would produce annual benefits exceeding $400
million by 2013. Its shares rose as much as 15 per cent, while AirTran shares
soared as much as 63 per cent.

"The market approves of the deal and thinks Southwest is getting a great price
despite paying such a substantial premium," said Morningstar equity analyst
Basili Alukos. "Southwest had been waiting to expand this past downturn, and I
think this acquisition proves that substantial organic growth is a thing of the
past."

Airline valuations have plummeted since 2008, when the oil price spike and
global recession sharply hurt profits. Carriers responded at the time by
slashing capacity, and Southwest put its growth plans on hold - until this deal
for AirTran.

The merger, which needs government approval, would be the first among leading
U.S. low-cost airlines and prompted immediate speculation of more to come as the
industry seeks to cut costs and expand networks.

"It increasingly marginalizes those network carriers who haven't consolidated,"
said airline consultant Robert Mann at RW Mann &Co.

"So I think the biggest impact is on American (Airlines)."

Shares of JetBlue Airways rose seven per cent as analysts said its strong
presence in New York would make it a key player in any M&A activity. Shares of
Republic Airways Holdings, another low-cost airline, rose six per cent.

The deal is the second notable airline merger this year after that of United
Airlines parent UAL Corp and Continental Airlines. Delta bought Northwest in
2008. US Airways Group was bought by America West Airlines in 2005.

Orlando, Florida-based AirTran is run by CEO Bob Fornaro. AirTran was bought in
1997 by ValuJet, which retired the ValuJet name after a 1996 crash that took
more than 100 lives.

Southwest CEO Gary Kelly said the deal gives his company access to AirTran's
extensive East Coast network, especially Atlanta, where AirTran competes head to
head with Delta Air Lines. Delta shares fell 2.5 per cent.

AirTran also has Caribbean routes that Southwest said would give it an
international presence.

"What is an interesting opportunity to us is threefold: (AirTran hub) Atlanta,
small cities and international," Kelly said on a conference call with analysts.

"The profit opportunity with this transaction is simply far greater than it is
without."

While the deal premium that Southwest offered is among the highest of airline
deals in the past three years, analysts noted that valuations had fallen sharply
during the recession.

"It still represents a discount to what most airlines were trading at," said Jim
Corridore, airline analyst at Standard &Poor's.

As of last Friday, Southwest's shares have underperformed the broader Arca
Airline Index this year, rising about seven per cent against the index's 24 per
cent increase. AirTran has done even worse, falling 13 per cent in year to date.

The combined company would be based in Dallas, which is Southwest's home, and
have almost 43,000 employees and fly more than 120 million passengers annually.
The all-Boeing fleet would consist of 685 active aircraft that would include 401
Boeing 737 700s. The fleet would be one of the youngest in the industry.

Southwest, which operates from 69 cities - including Las Vegas, Chicago and
Dallas - said the two airlines have very little overlap on their routes.

Kelly said the deal would allow Southwest to expand in markets such as New York
LaGuardia, Boston Logan and Baltimore Washington. It also allows access to
leisure markets in the Caribbean and Mexico.

Southwest's acquisition of AirTran could lead to lower fares in East Coast
markets currently dominated by larger rivals like United, Continental and
Southwest. But experts don't see a shift in the balance of power on those
routes.

"It's is going to create competition in Atlanta for Delta," Corridore said.
"It's going to lead to higher fares there."

But he noted that Delta's emphasis on international travel insulates it somewhat
from that competition.

The deal would be worth about $1.4 billion, including the assumption of
AirTran's outstanding convertible notes.

Half an hour before the close of the market, Southwest shares were up 9.2 per
cent at $13.41, while AirTran shares were up 61.3 per cent at $7.34, both on the
New York Stock Exchange.

LOAD-DATE: September 28, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2010 CanWest Interactive, a division of CanWest MediaWorks
                               Publications Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              433 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Palm Beach Post (Florida)

                              March 8, 2010 Monday
                                 FINAL EDITION

BILL TO REWARD 'FAMILY FRIENDLY' FILMS DERIDED AS '50S-STYLE MORAL;
CENSORSHIP

BYLINE: By MICHAEL C. BENDER Palm Beach Post Capital Bureau

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 1036 words

DATELINE: TALLAHASSEE


Movies and TV shows with gay characters could be ineligible for a "family
friendly" tax credit in Florida under a little-noticed provision tucked into a
$75 million incentive package that Republican House leaders hope will attract
film and entertainment jobs to the state.

The bill would prohibit productions with "nontraditional family values" from
receiving a so-called family friendly tax credit. But it doesn't define what
"nontraditional family values" are, something the bill's sponsor had a hard time
doing, too.

"Think of it as like Mayberry," state Rep. Stephen Precourt, R-Orlando, said,
referring to The Andy Griffith Show. "That's when I grew up -- the '60s. That's
what life was like. I want Florida to be known for making those kinds of movies:
Disney movies for kids and all that stuff. Like it used to be, you know?"

But the head of a coalition of 80 groups that advocate for equal rights said
Precourt's bill would "subsidize discrimination" and marginalize gay and
single-parent families.

"Instituting 1950s-style movie censorship does nothing to support real-life
families or help Florida's struggling economy," said Ted Howard, executive
director for Florida Together.

Precourt, whose district includes Walt Disney World, said he was not targeting
the gay community by including the term "nontraditional family values" in his
bill. But when asked if shows with gay characters should get the tax credit, he
said, "That would not be the kind of thing I'd say that we want to invest public
dollars in."

The bill (HB 697) is a priority for the Republican House majority, whose leaders
have identified tax cuts as the means for achieving their top goal of the 60-day
legislative session: job creation.

It was approved unanimously on Wednesday in the first meeting this session of
the House Economic Development Policy Committee. If it passes the House Finance
and Tax Council, the bill would consume almost all of the $88 million that House
Speaker Larry Cretul gave the council to spend on tax cuts this year.

State tax laws allow for a tax credit worth 2 percent of a movie's production
costs if it is "family friendly." That is defined as a movie suitable for a
5-year-old: It has "cross-generational appeal" and includes "a responsible
resolution of issues." Smoking, sex, nudity and profane language are prohibited,
as are "obscene" productions as defined by the state's sex crime laws.

Precourt's proposal would boost the credit from 2 percent to 5 percent and
expand the list of taboos to include any "exhibit or implied act" of
nontraditional family values and gratuitous violence. Florida Family Policy
Council President John Stemberger said nontraditional family values could
include anything from "drug abuse to excessive drunkenness to homosexual
families."

"It's a good concept to encourage people to produce more quality family
entertainment in the state," Stemberger said. "It's a good thing."

But gay rights advocates said major networks, including Disney-owned ABC,
support many shows with gay characters.

"If they're not able to define what they intend by nontraditional family value,
then it probably has no place in law," Equality Florida spokesman Brian Winfield
said.

Several GOP leaders declined to define the term.

"Let me define it in the positive," said Gov. Charlie Crist, who wants approval
for a $55 million corporate income tax cut he has proposed. "A traditional
family is a marriage between a man and a woman. That's traditional."

Attorney General Bill McCollum, a Republican candidate to replace Crist, said he
didn't want to get into a "word game."

"You'll have to ask the bill sponsors," McCollum said. "They've got something in
mind, I'm sure."

But that may not have been made clear to the committee members, including at
least two co-sponsors, who voted for the bill last week.

During the meeting, Chairwoman Jennifer Carroll, R-Fleming Island, praised the
bill for promoting "positive social aspects." But she said later she didn't know
about the prohibition on family friendly credits and said the language should be
changed.

"What someone could see as a traditional family value could be different for
another person," Carroll said.

Rep. Joseph Abruzzo, D-Wellington, voted for the bill but also said later he
didn't know the "broad wording" was included. He said he would try to change the
language at its next committee stop.

"To avoid a social argument, I think we can truly simplify that by simply saying
a G-rated production," Abruzzo said. "That would be family friendly and good for
all ages."

Identical language is included in a draft of an omnibus "jobs bill" in the
Senate, but that bill's sponsor said it was a placeholder. "Don't assume that
language will be in the Senate bill," said Sen. Don Gaetz, R-Niceville. "There's
been zero discussion about that."

The state officials responsible for determining which family friendly movies
qualify for tax breaks also weren't looking for changes.

"We were fine with the language we had," said Florida Film Commissioner Lucia
Fishburne, who with the state Film and Entertainment Advisory Council has
awarded six productions a total of $165,111 in "family friendly" tax credits
since they were created in 2007.

One movie has been turned down: the 2008 film Bait Shop with comedian Bill
Engvall, which Fishburne said included too much drinking to be considered
appropriate for a 5-year-old.

"It's fairly subjective now," Fishburne said, pointing to the requirement for
responsible issue resolution. "This would make it slipperier. I would need
someone to give me direction on what these things mean."

~ mike_bender@pbpost.com Rewards for shootingin Florida

These movies and TV shows produced in Florida received a 'family friendly' tax
credit. State lawmakers are debating a measure to prohibit movies from receiving
this creditif they include 'nontraditional family values.'

Production Type Production location Tax credit

Beethoven 1 and 1/2 video Orlando $66,102

Letters to God movie Orlando $39,262

Disney Channel Games TV special Orlando $30,878

Old Dogs movie Miami $23,791

Chatterbox movie Gulf Breeze/Pensacola $3,068

The Square Root of 2 movie Plantation/Fort Lauderdale/Cooper City $2,010

Source: Florida Office of Film & Entertainment

LOAD-DATE: June 4, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES:  More legislature coverage Inside:Movies and shows that have received the
tax credits.13A Online: Follow the session viaPost blogs, reports and Twitter
updates. PalmBeachPost.com/state

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2010 The Palm Beach Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              434 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                             March 16, 2008 Sunday

Teachers cost less than death penalty

BYLINE: From the readers of the Mercury News

SECTION: LETTERS; Opinion

LENGTH: 756 words


Teachers cost less

than death penalty

How can our state government send teachers pink slips and do nothing to end the
outrageously expensive death penalty system in our state? The use of executions
is far more expensive than simply locking the convicts up for life. We should
all be ashamed.

Nancy Oliveira
San Francisco

Recession tied

to war, you think?

It's just conceivable that spending $1 billion a day on a useless, unjust war
might have some effect on the economy. Perhaps the recession might somehow be
related to our Middle Eastern adventure.

Stephen Miller
Oakland

Clinton is McCain's

best campaigner

I predict that if Sen. Hillary Clinton and her cohorts continue to employ
kitchen-sink tactics in the upcoming Pennsylvania primary to marginalize Sen.
Barack Obama's ethnicity, Sen. John McCain will be our next commander in chief.
And it's a pity that this outcome could have easily been reversed had Hillary
Clinton not been so hell-bent on being the Democratic Party nominee.

Julio Ortiz
Sunnyvale

Hunger strikes are

form of extortion

What a sad day in our society when a man can place his life in harm's way all
for the sake of an area and the name associated with it. While I can't begin to
understand the plight of the Vietnamese people and the devastation they have
experienced in their native land, it sickens and saddens me that a person and
relatively small community would "extort" a major city into temporarily
acquiescing to their demands. We live in a country with elected city officials
who have the task of trying to keep a majority of the people content. When
someone places himself in front of City Hall, slowly having his life ebb away,
how can city leaders possibly not give in to the Vietnamese community, Ly Tong
and their demands? Let's all hope and pray when the issue comes to a vote yet
again, we will not see Tong once again risking his life and instilling guilt in
the hearts of these elected officials. I fear this has opened the door to any
group or individual person who are unhappy with the outcome of their issues and
will not hesitate in resorting to such drastic tactics.

Kim Kirkpatrick
Morgan Hill

Bicyclists should

brush up on safety

I commute half of the week by bicycle and half by auto, and I'm here to say
bicyclists are in no way always the "innocent victims" they claim to be. Besides
committing some of the most negligent, unsafe acts on the road, many bicyclists
will readily place themselves in harm's way rather than take equally attractive,
magnitudes-safer alternate routes. Short of establishing "bikes only" and "cars
only" roads, a visit to Bicyclesafe.com for some commonsense refresher training
by both parties could improve things immensely.

Steve Jones
Sunnyvale

Symbolic gesture

useless in sports

While I agree with the Mercury News (Editorial, March 9) that our athletes
should not be silenced should they choose to speak out on communist China's
oppressive and murdering regime, I'm disappointed that the editors see mere
symbolic moments as overwhelmingly important in the world's history,
specifically Jesse Owens in Nazi Germany and Tommie Smith and John Carlos in
Mexico. Owens did not face down Hitler, he sprinted and ran in circles. Smith
and Carlos did nothing but thrust their fists in the air. Symbolic gestures are
meaningless. None of these three athletes had any impact on the world. I suggest
that if an athlete truly believed in liberty and personal freedoms, he or she
would skip these Olympic Games, refusing to take part in an event that places a
brutal and oppressive government on the world stage. China has been as it is for
several decades and will not change because athletes run and jump.

David Hildreth
San Jose

McCain wrong

on Social Security

As Americans watch this election season unfold, I would like to bring to your
attention the campaign of Sen. John McCain, who is in favor of privatizing
Social Security, a concept that is not supported by the American people.
McCain's Web site claims that he supports "supplementing the current Social
Security system with personal accounts." McCain told the Wall Street Journal
that he supports Social Security privatization "along the lines that President
Bush proposed." Social Security has successfully provided seven decades of
financial security to millions of seniors, survivors and the disabled. Adding
private accounts to Social Security will not add one day of solvency to Social
Security and would penalize those who invest poorly or when the market drops
significantly, as it is currently doing.

Patrick Williams
Sunnyvale

LOAD-DATE: March 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2008 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              435 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         The Christian Science Monitor

                            April 21, 2010 Wednesday

Ben Roethlisberger suspension: Is it fair when he was never charged?;
NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell set the Ben Roethlisberger suspension at six
games Wednesday for bringing the league into disrepute.

BYLINE: Mark Sappenfield Staff writer

LENGTH: 487 words


NFL Commissioner Roger Goodell did virtually the only thing he could Wednesday,
setting the Ben Roethlisberger suspension at six games. Anything more, and he
would risk a revolt from those - including, perhaps, the NFL Players Association
- who might counter that Mr. Roethlisberger has not been charged with any crime.
Anything less, and he would risk charges of racism from critics who say he has
been quick to punish black athletes - such as Michael Vick - even before legal
charges were settled. The decision reflected Commissioner Goodell's continuing
desire to cast the National Football League as an organization that gives even
its top athletes little leeway for bad behavior, though critics question if it
is working.

In the end, the allegations against one of the NFL's top commodities - a
two-time Super Bowl-winning quarterback for the storied Pittsburgh Steelers -
were simply too troubling to marginalize. The allegationsA 20-year-old college
student accused him of raping her in a Milledgeville, Ga., bar bathroom.
Ocmulgee County District Attorney Fred Bright declined to press charges against
Roethlisberger, citing an inability to prove the allegations in court, but he
laid out a disturbing picture of what his investigation found. The district
attorney said that Roethlisberger was plying the woman with alcohol, though she
was underage, before the alleged incident the bathroom. He also said that
Roethlisberger did not get special treatment because of his fame. "Who Mr.
Roethlisberger is made no difference," he said. Roethlisberger is already facing
a civil suit from a woman in Nevada who alleges he raped her in a hotel room in
2008. By the terms of the suspension, Roethlisberger must discontinue practicing
with the team and will forfeit about $2.8 million of his salary. He also must
undergo counseling. Goodell said he retained the right to lengthen or shorten
the suspension based on Roethlisberger's progress. On the trading block?In his
statement, Goodell stressed that he was not presuming that Roethlisberger was
guilty. Instead, he was punishing Roethlisberger because Roethlisberger's
behavior had brought the league into disrepute. "My decision today is not based
on a finding that you violated Georgia law, or on a conclusion that differs from
that of the local prosecutor," he wrote. "That said, you are held to a higher
standard as an NFL player, and there is nothing about your conduct in
Milledgeville that can remotely be described as admirable, responsible, or
consistent with either the values of the league or the expectations of our
fans." For third-generation Steelers President Art Rooney II, who runs the
operation as a strait-laced family business, the franchise quarterback is
apparently no longer an indispensable cog. News reports suggest that the
Steelers are looking to trade Roethlisberger if they can get a first-round draft
pick in Thursday's draft in return.

LOAD-DATE: April 22, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


              Copyright 2010 Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              436 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                           September 16, 2008 Tuesday
                                 CITY-D Edition

Organized Crime Strike Force being combined

BYLINE: By George Anastasia; Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: NATIONAL; P-com News for PC Home Page; Pg. A01

LENGTH: 1008 words



The Organized Crime Strike Force, a prosecuting unit within the U.S. Attorney's
Office that has a 20-year record of success in making cases against the
Philadelphia mob, is being folded into a larger unit that will also focus on
drug dealing and gang violence.

The changes are expected to take place in about a month, according to Laurie
Magid, the acting U.S. attorney for the Eastern District of Pennsylvania, and
Linda Hoffa, head of the office's Criminal Division.

Both said the move would enhance the unit's ability to make cases.

Critics, including former prosecutors and FBI agents, said the consolidation
could hinder the development of intelligence-based investigations and
marginalize the fight against organized crime.

Magid said she wanted the same expertise that has been used against organized
crime employed in cases against major drug gangs.

"Our commitment to fighting organized crime is in no way diminished," she said
yesterday shortly after announcing the changes at a regularly scheduled staff
meeting.

Magid, the former first assistant U.S. attorney, was named interim head of the
office in July when Patrick Meehan, her boss, resigned.

"The strike force is not being disbanded," added Hoffa. "Far from it. We're
putting together a stronger and larger team."

Nine federal prosecutors who work in the strike force unit are being transferred
to new offices and will report to Thomas Perricone, currently the supervisor of
the narcotics and dangerous drugs section. Perricone, who joined the U.S.
Attorney's Office in 1994 from the Philadelphia District Attorney's Office, will
head a newly formed narcotics and organized crime section.

Assistant U.S. Attorney David Troyer, who was the supervisor of the strike
force, will return to prosecuting cases under Perricone and will hold one of two
senior litigation counsel posts created under the new structure.

Troyer declined to comment last week.

Two former prosecutors who worked some of the biggest mob cases in Philadelphia
history questioned the move, as did James Maher, a retired FBI agent who
supervised an organized crime squad that in the 1980s and 1990s worked with the
strike force to decimate one of the most violent Mafia families in America.

"That wasn't by chance, it was because of the commitment," said Barry Gross, a
former federal prosecutor who worked dozens of mob cases during a career that
spanned three decades.

A member of the prosecuting teams that convicted mob bosses Nicodemo "Little
Nicky" Scarfo, John Stanfa, Ralph Natale and Joseph "Skinny Joey" Merlino, Gross
said he was "surprised and disappointed" by the change.

Louis Pichini, a former strike force prosecutor who directed the 1988
racketeering prosecution of Scarfo and 16 of his top associates - a case that
gutted the local mob family - said "the acid test will be in the implementation"
of the proposed changes.

Pichini, who also headed the criminal division before leaving the U.S.
Attorney's Office, said it was important for "the unit to maintain an identity
and expertise" and to be given the time to develop long-term cases.

If not, he said, prosecutors working there would be interchangeable with
prosecutors from any other section, and the expertise and mandate of the strike
force would be lost.

Strike forces were set up in the 1970s to develop broad-based cases and
intelligence in the fight against traditional organized crime groups like La
Cosa Nostra and the Sicilian Mafia. Over the years, their targets have been
expanded to include Russian and Eastern European crime cartels, Asian criminal
organizations, and ethnic gangs like the Latin Kings.

In the Eastern District, the strike force left its biggest mark attacking the
South Philadelphia-based mob that once dominated the local underworld.

Perricone said yesterday that he had "tremendous respect" for those
accomplishments.

"Having grown up in South Philadelphia and seeing what the mob can do, I can
tell you that not on my watch will I allow resources to be taken away," he said.

But critics question whether what is being called an expansion is in fact a
dilution of a unit that had a clear agenda and a defined focus.

One current federal prosecutor, who asked not to be identified, said that
without a supervisor to advocate and promote strike force cases, investigations
could get bogged down or marginalized in the internal politics and bureaucracy
of the U.S. Attorney's Office.

Sources in both the U.S. Attorneys Office and the FBI have said that an ongoing
investigation into reputed mob boss Joseph Ligambi and his top associates had
gone "off track" twice because of bureaucratic squabbling.

Maher, who headed the FBI's organized crime squad in Philadelphia for nearly two
decades, called the strike force "one of the most important weapons" in the war
against organized crime.

"Agents working the cases had attorneys who spoke the same language," Maher said
in an e-mail response to questions about the consolidation.

He pointed out that the local mob family is built around "people who have grown
up with one another in evolving relationships. ... To combat those
relationships, you need agents and attorneys who don't need to learn them all
over again when a case starts to develop."

Strike forces were once separate entities from U.S. Attorney's Offices. They
were consolidated into those offices but remained separate units. Now they may
be the victims of their own successes as well as the changing priorities of the
Justice Department.

Traditional organized crime has taken a series of prosecutorial hits in most
major cities and experts say that the American Mafia in 2008 is an
organizational shell of what it was just 30 years ago.

In addition, the emergence of violent ethnic drug gangs, the proliferation of
illegal weapons, and the need to focus on terrorism and its related threats have
led federal prosecutors in other cities to reassign assets and resources, and
consolidate strike force operations.

Contact staff writer George Anastasia at 856-779-3846 or
ganastasia@phillynews.com.


LOAD-DATE: September 16, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              437 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Star-News (Wilmington, NC)

                          September 10, 2008 Wednesday
                                  1ST Edition

Pentagon opens up for 'crowdsourcing'

BYLINE: Scott Canon; McClatchy Newspapers

SECTION: Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 888 words


Kansas City, Mo. | The Pentagon this past spring launched its so-called Minerva
initiative - a hunt for more information on the Chinese military, ways to
marginalize al-Qaida, new anti-terror strategies.

Thirty years ago, it might have been top-secret stuff. Today, the military is
asking everyone for help - and will post the results in full public view.

It's another example of a new world of problem-solving that seeks answers in the
public square.

Defense Secretary Robert Gates calculates that the transparency of Minerva is
also its strength, that by looking to everyone for advice and letting the crowd
weigh in on the results, the communal know-how will be that much richer.

"There will be no room for 'sensitive but unclassified,' " Gates said in an
April speech to university presidents about the project. If it were cloaked in
secrecy, he warned, "you could end up with mediocre, uninventive results."

Scientific or commercial, civilian or military, business or hobby, there is a
new emphasis on sharing problems and ideas in ever more public ways in hopes of
hitting on more brilliant solutions.

Self-styled inventors are weighing in - for cash and intrinsic satisfaction - to
solve puzzles vexing industry and government. Aspiring entrepreneurs are seeking
fortune not by hoarding ideas but by sharing them. Spurred both by the endless
interactivity made simple by the Internet and the all-ideas-welcome culture it
has nurtured, an explosion of what one author calls "crowdsourcing" is offering
new ways to get things done.

When former tennis pro Steve Timperley learned of a budding new system for
handicapping tennis players - a method clubs could use to better match players
of similar abilities - he chose not to hold the idea close to the vest.

Rather, he put it to a team in the University of Missouri-Kansas City's New
Venture Challenge Competition to work out the kinks and develop a business plan
that might bring his Tencap Tennis to market. In turn, that team opened its
strategy to other business people for critique.

Now Timperley has about 3,000 players in the Kansas City area entered into the
handicapping database and is set to use Facebook-like social networking elements
to spread the tennis match-up gospel. Soon, he hopes to sell to tennis clubs
across the country.

"The ultimate goal is that everybody makes more money," he said.

While Tencap keeps private the clever algorithms that give players a strong idea
about who might make good competition - an advance on an old system that relies
on subjective scores by tennis pros - the firm's development in some ways takes
a cue from the idea of open-source software and its reliance on interactivity.

The mother of the open-source world is the Linux computer operating system
fathered by Linus Torvalds in 1991 with help from developers around the world.
Linux source code is open to anyone, and people fiddle with it all the time.
They then share their improvements with other computer programmers and, by and
large, the most elegant improvements take hold.

"In the open-source world," said Rice University computer scientist Dan Wallach,
"respect is earned, not assigned."

He recently collaborated on open-source software designed for voting machines.
It's technology that Wallach believes will instill more trust in the elections
by providing transparency to ballot counting.

Such open-source models have already driven commerce. Take Internet search giant
Yahoo, which runs atop a Linux operating system. The company continually has its
programmers working to remove bugs from Linux and shares those fixes with the
rest of the world. Because Yahoo's refining of the computer code continues to
improve the operating system, more people outside the company stay on the same
Linux path. And because many of them improve the system as well, Yahoo gets use
of those upgrades for free.

Software is ideally suited for the ongoing collaboration. The 1s and 0s of
binary calculations form an international language. The problems can be massive,
and they can be broken down into bits for programmers - both professional and
self-styled - to ponder. It has also inspired an open-source model to other
arenas.

Politicians have even gotten in on the act. Barack Obama's primary race got a
boost when will.i.am of the Black Eyed Peas put his rousing "Yes We Can" speech
to music in a video that became a YouTube sensation one week last fall. John
McCain wants the government to offer $300 million to anyone who can create a
battery robust enough to replace the internal combustion engine.

The National Research Council recently suggested the National Science Foundation
make its resources stretch further by using prize money to untangle riddles
rather than just farming out work to one researcher at a time.

At Fort Leavenworth, the Army and Marine Corps Counterinsurgency Center is
experimenting with blogs as a way for troops to share tips more freely, and is
soliciting papers from anyone with some deep thinking about topics ranging from
how the U.N. can cope with insurgency in Colombia to the Albanians immigrating
illegally into Kosovo.

"Most of what we do with counterinsurgency is not classified," said Maj. Niel
Smith. "The enemy wouldn't gain an advantage from understanding how we
understand what's going on. ... Sharing information just leverages what we
know."

LOAD-DATE: February 5, 2010

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2008 Star-News, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              438 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The New York Sun

                           September 2, 2008 Tuesday

Palin's Pregnancy

BYLINE: Editorial of The New York Sun

SECTION: EDITORIALS; Pg. 8

LENGTH: 625 words


There seems to be a view that teenage births are somehow a bad thing. But it
seems to us that it's not the births that are the problem. It's the environment
that marginalizes teen motherhood, encourages our youth to delay marriage,
provides too few incentives for family-building, and too few jobs for the
fathers and mothers. What is needed is not scolding from the government but
lower taxes, fewer regulations, and overall pro-growth policies. ... We're happy
to have women and men decide for themselves when to have children. But when a
trend develops like the drop in the birth rate in New York, it's a sign that we
need public policies designed to encourage more people and make New York a
hospitable place for all people who want to have children.

-- Editorial of The New York Sun, "Population Portent," December 22, 2006

***

That editorial, a response to the catastrophe of a drop in the rate of births to
young women in New York, was issued long before Governor Palin had been selected
as Senator McCain's running mate and before Mrs. Palin announced that her
17-year-old unmarried daughter Bristol is pregnant. So our editorial wasn't
devised to defend the Republican Party's vice presidential candidate. But it
will give our readers a sense of our view of the news of Miss Palin's pregnancy
and her decision to marry the father, carry the baby to term, and start a
family. In a word, the whole Palin family has set an example to admire.

No doubt the blue noses of the left are going to try to convince the voters
otherwise, but we predict they will do so at their peril. For if they mock Miss
Palin, or her parents, in this situation they will end up trapped on the wrong
side of the values issue, which is the flip side of the "experience" issue. That
is, the experience issue would hold that Mrs. Palin needs more time-in-grade to
run for vice president, even though she has more experience in the executive
branch of government than Messrs. Obama and Biden combined. The values voters
reckon it's not the experience that counts, but the values.

The latest news will send the McCain-Palin stock soaring among the values
voters. In our editorial on New York's population predicament, we made a point
of saying that there's nothing wrong with having a mother who was over 20. It's
perfectly respectable. Mayor Bloomberg's mother was 33 when he was born, Thomas
Jefferson's was 23, and Teddy Roosevelt's 24, to name but a few magnificent
mothers. But lots of other magnificent mothers were under 20. Billie Holiday's
was 13, Eric Clapton's 16, Lance Armstrong's 17, LeBron James's 16. Barack
Obama's own mother was 18 at the time he was born, as the senator noted
yesterday.

Who can tell what triumph will come from Miss Palin's pregnancy? Her story will
highlight the more general and related issues of immigration and population.
America needs more people, just like Alaska does. The rising powers of Communist
China and India both far exceed America in terms of population; China has 1.3
billion and India has 1.1 billion. To catch up and compete with them, America
will have to grow its own population by having larger families and by opening
our doors to more immigration.

The fact is that America is, despite a few crowded pockets, an under-populated
country. More people are an answer to all sorts of problems facing America, from
sagging home prices, as Alan Greenspan noted recently, to the costs of paying
Social Security benefits and health care costs for the Baby Boom generation as
it retires. A child, in other words, is a gift to celebrate, not a scandal to
bemoan. This is true not only for policy reasons but for human and personal
reasons. Miss Palin and her parents couldn't have reminded us of all this at a
more dramatic moment.

LOAD-DATE: September 3, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The New York Sun, Two SL, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              439 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                          El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)

                              May 25, 2004 Tuesday

LETTERS

BYLINE: El Paso Times

SECTION: OPINION; Letters to the Editor; Pg. 5B

LENGTH: 835 words


Scooters scary and too dangerous

Last month, my family enjoyed listening to area music students during a recital
sponsored by the El Paso Music Teachers Association and held at Chamizal
National Park.

However, there were a number of young children operating small electric scooters
in the parking lot area that serves the Chamizal pavilion and adjacent park
facilities. These children were at risk of an accident, especially while darting
around vehicles that were backing out of parking spaces.

If parents visiting the park facilities are unwilling to control their children
on these scooters, then regulations should be enforced to prevent a fatality or
severe injury at public parking areas such as the Chamizal National Park.

Rolf Speziale

Northeast El Paso

Say no to TAKS

Is there no end to No Child Left Behind and the efforts by President Bush's
administration to further marginalize and oppress minority children?

Standardized testing preys upon those children who are impoverished.
Standardized testing pits rich against poor; Anglo against Hispanic,
African-American and Native American.

Its rationale is to keep minorities in a jungle of menial jobs and food stamps.
There is no way to achieve success when it depends upon how you perform on an
assessment that is prejudiced.

I would urge parents, grandparents, aunts, uncles and cousins to protest
standardized tests.

If we are going to abolish these tests, we must oust President Bush.

Our children deserve the same opportunities that Anglo, privileged America has
enjoyed.

Vote: No Bush! No TAKS!

Cecilia Levy Mena

West El Paso

Time lights better

Since gasoline has become much more expensive, a recent hot-news topic has been
that some people are having to make a choice between buying food or gasoline.

One would think this would give the city street department more incentive to
double its efforts to better time the traffic signals.

It is general knowledge that frequent stop-and-go driving contributes to both
higher fuel consumption and higher pollution levels.

Duane Coleman

Upper Valley

Improve driving

A lot of slack has been given to teenage drivers lately, and though I believe
that many teenagers could use some retraining in their driving skills, my
problem is not with them.

I am appalled at the way many women drive. I have seen women putting on makeup,
talking on cell phones, passing in school zones and, worst of all, speeding.

And heaven forbid that you honk, because you will get the finger gesture from
some -- even when they have kids in the car.

So, ladies, if we expect our young people to respect the roads, we need to teach
and practice what we preach.

Elena Rodriguez

East El Paso

Paying too much

It seems that nearly every day the Times reports the horrors of failed
school-funding schemes.

What one never reads about are programs to eliminate waste, corruption and
inefficiencies.

The liberals' desire to take money from those earning more is also in full
evidence. More money is not the solution! More money only breeds the need for
even more money.

How much of every school tax dollar is spent on basic education? How much goes
into social programs for teachers and administrators? How much is being spent
for baby sitting?

Why don't we ever read about those things?

It's a sad commentary on the morals of El Paso's citizens when they go begging
to state and federal government for more and more school dollars for our
children.

The state can't make up for -- and I don"t want to support -- lazy parents who
will not sit down with their children and help them learn to read English, do
math and write in English.

It seems to me the the only thing liberals want to teach our children is how to
steal from others.

Joe Grossinger

East El Paso

Let's be responsible

Would anyone care to explain to me why men, women and children are supposed to
go out and clean up litter on other people's property?

Property ownership carries with it the implicit responsibility of keeping the
premises presentable and sanitary.

It seems to me that if the city government of El Paso were committed to a
litter-free environment, it could happen simply by billing the property owners
for a professional cleanup of offending properties.

By delivering a hit in the wallet a time or two, the negligent property owners
would maintain their premises in the desired manner.

Josephine Woolf

East El Paso

Your views

The El Paso Times welcomes letters to the editor. Letters may be edited for
brevity and clarity. Limit letters to 200 words and allow 30 days between
letters. Provide full name, address and daytime phone number, which will not be
published but are needed for verification only. Letters to the editor, opinion
and editorial columns and articles submitted to the Times may be published or
distributed in print, electronic or other forms. Aceptamos cartas en espanol.

Mailing address: Letters to the editor, El Paso Times, P.O. Box 20, El Paso, TX
79999

Fax letters: 546-6343

LOAD-DATE: May 26, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                   Copyright 2004 El Paso Times (El Paso, TX)
                              All Rights Reserved


                              440 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 January 17, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

JAZZ AND RACE;
Common Roots

SECTION: Section 2; Page 4; Column 4; Arts and Leisure Desk

LENGTH: 323 words



To the Editor:

Mr. Sudhalter's reminder that the history of jazz, read properly, does not
marginalize its European- American heroes does nothing but strengthen the
music's embrace of the human family. The examples he used to make his case were
among the best of many that could have been used -- and they have roots that go
deep into a musical and cultural history that many people forget or would be
surprised to learn about.

Curt Sachs, Gunther Schuller and other scholars have found significant
similarities between Northern European and sub-Saharan African traditional
music. Both regions produced melodic-harmonic traditions based on the interval
of the third; by contrast, the wedge of civilization between them, from Asia
into the Mediterranean, favor the fourth and fifth intervals. The Northern
Europeans -- who developed the Anglo-Saxon Protestantism that underpins the
black church itself, and the Celtic-Germanic folk-traditional forms that couch
the blues -- were themselves regarded as barbaric latecomers to Mediterranean
civilization; in turn, European-Americans were later regarded as such by the
European culture from which they defected. Thus, white and black Americans share
not only musical roots but culturally an anti-elitist underdog identity,
notwithstanding the historical racial enmity between them.

African-Americans got their instruments and musical systems from the (mostly)
German and French music-education and performance culture of 19th-century
America. That they picked up this music so quickly and found their own
identities in it suggests how culturally close they already were to it. European
Americans and (even more, in many ways) Europeans themselves have embraced the
African-American musical miracle called jazz not as an exotic "other" but more
as a long-lost brother they recognize and warm to immediately, confirming a
common genealogy.

MIKE HEFFLEY
Middletown, Conn.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: January 17, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              441 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                            April 1, 2009 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Marginalize Taliban

BYLINE: National Post

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 251  words


A Canadian general who commanded NATO's Task Force Kandahar in Afghanistan says
the key to success there doesn't lie in militarily defeating the Taliban but in
simply marginalizing them.

"In a counter-insurgency, there is no VE Day and there is no tickertape parade,"
Brigadier-General Denis Thompson told the National Post. "There is none of that.
It just slowly withers and dies."

"You don't defeat an insurgency," he said. "You marginalize it. You bring it to
the point where it is forced to become just a political movement and then they
are just the opposition."

Brig.-Gen. Thompson, who was commander of Canadian and NATO Forces throughout
Kandahar Province from May, 2008, to February, 2009, insists support for the
Taliban has never risen above 15 per cent to 20 per cent in Kandahar, the
group's home province.

When Canadian troops first deployed to Kandahar three years ago, public opinion
surveys showed that 55 per cent of the southern province's population felt
secure. But only 30 per cent say they feel safe now, Brig.-Gen. Thompson said.

"What is clear is that people's perception of security has had its legs cut out
from underneath it (due to) a change in Taliban tactics.

"They have gone from being in your face in 2006 and earlier to doubling up the
number of improvised explosive attacks and acts of intimidation, such as
splashing acid in the face of schoolgirls or executing the deputy chief of
police from Kandahar province."

Still, Taliban support remains only 15 per cent to 20 per cent.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              442 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The Jerusalem Post

                            November 23, 2009 Monday

Letters

BYLINE: Lee Green, Toby Willig, Mladen Andrijasevic, Tova Wald, Chayim Seiden,
James Adler, Raphael Ben-Yosef, Trevor Davis

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 14

LENGTH: 1196 words



HIGHLIGHT: Readers' Letters


Self-respect for US Jewry

Sir, - Thank you for writing about the disgraceful behavior of the San Francisco
Jewish Federation and UC Berkeley Hillel ("Column One: Whither American Jewry?"
November 20). For the sake of American Jewry and Israel, it is imperative that
our Jewish organizations regain their Jewish, pro-Israel identity and self
respect and stop aiding our enemies. Hopefully Jews in San Francisco will
marginalize the counter-productive Federation and Hillel and fund other
organizations that actually stand up for Jews and Israel.

LEE GREEN

Redwood City, CA

Pollard - a blot

on our conscience

Sir, - It is incredible that 25 years have passed and Jonathan Pollard remains
in prison ("It's time for a fresh wind in the Pollard case," November 22). It is
impossible to think that the United States can be so vindictive and that
American presidents are so stubborn as to refuse to have any compassion on a
human being. The facts are that Pollard was only sentenced for espionage.
Espionage is simply a matter of what nations want to call it in many cases.
Other prisoners in many countries are redeemed in cases of espionage. The United
States itself has rescued its own citizens when they have been taken by other
countries.

Why has Israel failed to do the same for Pollard? There are many cards that
Israel holds, but it has failed to use them. It is high time that the entire
nation acted for Pollard in the same way. Pollard will remain a blot on Israel's
conscience - and more importantly, we will always feel that we have let our
moral standards go askew.

TOBY WILLIG

Jerusalem

The 'unthinkable' is not an option

Sir, - Kenneth Pollack ("Planning for the unthinkable - a nuclear Iran,"
November 20) apparently perceives himself as the new George F. Kennan, the
American diplomat whose Long Telegram in 1946 defined the US policy of
containment against the USSR.

Well, Pollack can never be Kennan for the simple reason that Iranian mullahs
with their Shi'a eschatology are not comparable to Lenin's Bolsheviks. As
Bernard Lewis wrote, "For people with this mindset, MAD [mutual assured
destruction] is not a constraint; it is an inducement."

Israel faces difficult choices, including how best to protect its population
from the Iranian, Hizbullah and Hamas response, and whether to use tactical
nuclear weapons to ensure that the sites have been thoroughly destroyed. The
choice of letting Iran go nuclear is not one of them.

MLADEN ANDRIJASEVIC

Beersheba

Upholding the 10 Commandments...

Sir, - In observing the media, we see basically haredim standing up for God's
laws. They vehemently protest desecration of our holy Shabbat and other
religious issues, often resorting to violence - Jew raising hand against Jew, or
causing destruction that results in financial loss ("Haredim protest outside
Intel offices," November 22).

But what about the rest of us? Isn't God for everyone? Every Jew has a mission
in this universe to uphold God's commandments and bring peace to the world - but
not through force. Everyone should send e-mails and write letters and come out
en masse to protest against Intel's desecration and Jerusalem Mayor Nir Barkat's
shameful anti-religious support in this vital issue. Where are our rabbis?
Perhaps I've missed it, but I have not seen their reaction. If we choose not to
believe in God or his 10 Commandments, what's the point of keeping our
synagogues functioning and preserving the Torah? It would serve a better
purpose, no doubt, if synagogues were converted into Intel industrial branches,
our Torahs buried in a deep vault.

TOVA WALD

Jerusalem

Sir, - The violent demonstrations by haredi groups objecting to business on
Shabbat has given me pause for reflection. When traveling in my student days, I
was impressed by Scotland's and Ireland's shutdown of public transportation,
pubs and movie houses on Sundays. No one was embarrassed or apologetic about it.

Religion is the raison d'etre of the Jewish people. Our religion has influenced
most of the world. Why are we embarrassed by the 10 Commandments? No one else
is. Intel's principal products were invented in Israel. Our government has
invested almost as much as the corporation in its productive facilities. It is
embarrassing that Intel's operation on Shabbat is an issue in Israel.

Is there any doubt that the world would show us more respect if our airports
were closed on Shabbat? It would send the message that the Jews are serious
about Judaism. What other reason is there for a Jewish State?

CHAYIM SEIDEN

Jerusalem

...the rule of law...

Sir, - Thanks for supporting rule of law in Israel and America in your editorial
"Crossing the lines" (November 18). Israel is too vulnerable for military
refusenik activity on either Left or Right.

Civilian civil disobedience (like Dr. Martin Luther King's) is sometimes
laudable, but never in precarious Israel's - or any democracy's - military.
Suppose southern states' National Guardsmen had refused US president John F.
Kennedy's federalization of the Guard to enforce civil rights laws? That would
have been disastrous.

But I doubt if "the excesses on the Right were precipitated by bad behavior on
the Left." At best, it seems a chicken-egg question. Rightist extremism led to
Baruch Goldstein's 1994 mass slaughter of Mosque worshipers, Ya'acov Teitel's
attacks on Israel Prize-winner Ze'ev Sternhell and a Messianic Jewish family,
and Yigal Amir's assassination of prime minister Yitzhak Rabin.

The Post deserves congratulations. Social stability, nonviolence and the rule of
law should be something about which conservative and liberal Jews can all agree,
just as we are all outraged by Palestinian terror.

JAMES ADLER

Cambridge, MA

...and democracy

Sir, - Democracy and the spirit of freedom and respect have made America the
great nation it is and a moral standard to the world.

The decision as to whether to have a memorial for Rabbi Meir Kahane, a former
Knesset member, is the prerogative of the elected speaker of the Knesset
("Kahane Memorial in the Knesset would harm peace process, US Embassy says,"
November 12); the decision to build in Gilo has been decided by the elected
municipality of Jerusalem ("No limits on Gilo building, government declares,"
November 18); and the delicate rulings as to the official forms of Jewish
religious practices are decided by the elected bodies of the Israeli government.

Therefore, it is difficult to understand why the American government finds it
within its bounds to make demands on the democratic decisions of Israelis, and
thus slight the integrity of the Israeli democracy.

RAPHAEL BEN-YOSEF

Ramat Gan

Oh, and the rights of smokers

Sir, - In Likud MK Ophir Akunis's egregious attempt to send Israel back to the
middle ages of smoking legislation, there are few ways - most of which are
unprintable - to justify his daring to "be concerned about the rights of
smokers." He should take a tour through the pulmonary ICU of any hospital (I
have) and take note that virtually all of the patients there who are dying of
emphysema and lung cancer are smokers. If he lacks the guts to do that, he can
try sitting exclusively in the "smoking rooms" of airports and bus and railway
stations.

TREVOR DAVIS , Aseret

LOAD-DATE: October 4, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2009 The Jerusalem Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              443 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Pittsburgh Tribune Review

                             August 11, 2013 Sunday

Francis vs. Daryl

LENGTH: 500 words


Not since Galileo Galilei and inquisitor Vincenzo Gaspari butted heads have we
seen as clear a rift as that between Pope Francis and state Rep. Daryl Metcalfe.
Galileo maintained that the Earth revolves around the sun and that put him at
odds with the church.

And when Pope Francis was asked about his views regarding gays within the faith,
he declared, "Who am I to judge a gay person of goodwill who seeks the Lord? You
can't marginalize these people."

That put the pope in direct conflict with Metcalfe's response following the
Supreme Court's decision striking down the federal Defense of Marriage Act. It
was a banner day for equal rights advocates and one that openly gay state Rep.
Brian Sims wanted to speak to on the floor of the House.

But when the Philadelphia Democrat rose to speak, Metcalfe blocked him
procedurally. The Cranberry Republican later said, "I did not believe that as a
member of that body that I should allow someone to make comments such as he was
preparing to make that ultimately were just open rebellion against what the word
of God has said, what God has said, and just open rebellion against God's law."

Now, it is possible that Francis and Metcalfe speak with different gods. It is
more likely that Metcalfe shares the attitude of Republican National Committee
Chairman Reince Priebus, who was recently asked if he once suggested that
Republicans should be more tolerant.

"First of all, I don't know if I've used the word 'tolerance.' I'm sort of, I
don't really care for that word myself," Priebus responded.

And what else but an allergic reaction to tolerance could cause a tea party
loyalist like Metcalfe to embrace a big-government, nanny-state policy that
places government regulators in our homes, in our relationships, among our
families, telling us whom to love and whom to marry?

No one should challenge Metcalfe's right to air his views, which must be shared
by many in his district, since he enjoys broad support. But where does anyone
get the right to challenge others from doing the same, especially another
legislator, on the floor of "the people's house"? And, worse, to do that in the
name of God?

The ideals upon which Pennsylvania was founded, William Penn's legacy, include
individual rights, religious toleration and social justice. The ACLU has
challenged the state's ban on same-sex marriage. State Attorney General Kathleen
Kane has refused to defend what she believes is an unconstitutional law. Gov.
Tom Corbett will defend the law and has taken Kane to task for not fighting for
it.

Montgomery County Register of Wills D. Bruce Hanes started issuing marriage
licenses to same-sex couples, saying that he will "come down on the right side
of history and the law." Corbett sued to stop Hanes.

Soon, through the law or politics or both, all Pennsylvanians might find
themselves enjoying the freedoms envisioned by the Founders.

Joseph Sabino Mistick, a lawyer, law professor and political analyst, lives in
Squirrel Hill (SabinoMistick@aol.com).

LOAD-DATE: August 13, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                Copyright 2013 Tribune Review Publishing Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              444 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             October 6, 2006 Friday

Niemczura's position on gay marriage complicated, personal

BYLINE: By Kyle Alspach

SECTION: LOCAL

LENGTH: 569 words


FITCHBURG -- Edward Niemczura's position on gay marriage is more complicated
than that of most conservative Republicans, and with good reason: His brother
was gay and died of AIDS.

Niemczura, the Republican candidate for Fitchburg's state representative seat,
says there is a lot of fear and misunderstanding on both sides of the gay
marriage issue.

Many straight people seem to believe all gay people are pedophiles and are
seeking to seduce them, Niemczura said, while some gay groups go too far by
pushing gay marriage as a civil rights cause.

"Neither side has done a good job of marketing itself," Niemczura said. "We need
a compromise."

Niemczura believes "99 percent" of residents would be happy with civil unions,
which doesn't marginalize gay people, but also doesn't use the controversial
word "marriage."

This is the solution Niemczura says he would support.

"I think that's the solution that gives everyone what they want," he said.

Niemczura, 43, sat down with the Sentinel & Enterprise Thursday, and sought to
explain why a political newcomer like himself would run for state representative
-- and for a traditionally Democratic seat, no less.

But first, Niemczura wanted to clarify the pronunciation of his name, which he
said is the "biggest mystery in town."

"It's Nim-zur-ah," he said.

Niemczura grew up in Lunenburg and graduated from the town's high school before
spending six years in the Navy.

He later earned a chemistry degree from Fitchburg State College, and now works
as a technical sales representative for Barclay Water Management in Watertown.

Niemczura faces Democratic City Councilor Stephen DiNatale in the Nov. 7
election, in a bid to succeed longtime state Rep. Emile Goguen, who is retiring
at the end of the year.

Niemczura said his approach in the Legislature will be different than his
opponent's, who he praised for being cordial and supportive during the race.

"His goal is to go to Beacon Hill and 'fight' for more stuff for Fitchburg,"
Niemczura said. "I will go and negotiate for more stuff for Fitchburg."

Whether Fitchburg sends a Democrat or Republican to Boston, either
representative won't have much influence at first, he said.

Niemczura believes the representative's best chance of getting results will be
to use a "gentle, reason-based" approach at the Statehouse.

Niemczura says some of the skills he brings from the business world are
badly-needed in the Legislature.

The state is not run like a business, and a lot of money is wasted because of
it, he said.

The state should begin buying goods and services as a group to get a better
deal, rather than having communities or agencies do it individually, he said.

The state should also push more preventative maintenance, rather than letting
buildings fall apart and cost more money in the long run, Niemczura said.

These and other measures could allow the state to roll back the income tax from
5.3 to 5 percent, as residents voted for in 2000.

"We have got to put the state government on a diet," he said.

Niemczura also said he believes state and local police should do more to deal
with the issue of illegal immigration.

Law enforcement should be encouraged to report illegal immigrants to Immigration
and Natural Services, he said.

But Niemczura said he doesn't favor a proactive approach by the police, such as
actually seeking out and arresting illegal immigrants.

"I don't want it to be a primary mission of the police," he said.

LOAD-DATE: October 6, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Mary Whitney, David LeBlanc and Edward Niemczura talk with Fitchburg
State College President Robert Antonucci before a debate co-sponsored by the
college and the Sentinel & Enterprise in September.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2006 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              445 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 February 7, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Governor-President

SECTION: Section 6; Page 14; Column 5; Magazine Desk

LENGTH: 52 words


Bill Clinton's Presidential legacy is a direct byproduct of his current woes. As
painful as the impeachment must be for him, he can take comfort that this bitter
process will isolate and marginalize the hard-core religious right and render it
impotent. That is a great legacy.

Monte Stone
Sharon, Conn.

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: February 7, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              446 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                The Denver Post

                       July 14, 1994 Thursday 2D EDITION

Bishops to fight abortion coverage

BYLINE: Denver Post Staff, Wire Reports

SECTION: A SECTION; Pg. A-07

LENGTH: 350 words


WASHINGTON - U.S. Roman Catholic bishops yesterday announced a huge grass-roots
campaign to eliminate abortion coverage from health-reform measures, saying they
are willing to sacrifice their support for universal coverage - and fight
against reform - if Congress includes abortions in a standard benefits package.

"We cannot compromise on this," Bishop James McHugh of Camden, N.J., said at a
news conference. "Abortion is not health care," said Denver Archbishop J.
Francis Stafford. "It is a brutal form of killing the helpless and the innocent.
Opposing the inclusion of abortion in health-care reform, the Catholic bishops
of the United States speak not only on behalf of their own religious community
but in unison with tens of millions of other like-minded citizens."

The mobilization of millions of church members to call and write their
representatives deals another blow to the prospects of significant congressional
action on health-care reform this year.

It was a reminder President Clinton faces an uphill fight on many fronts, each
with shifting alliances backing him on some issues, opposing him on others.

With the exception of abortion coverage, Clinton's reform agenda and that of the
Catholic Health Association are similar. Abortion-rights activists vowed to step
up their fight for coverage, noting abortions already are covered by most
private insurance plans.

"We can't support a plan that takes us backward, that marginalizes women," said
Rep. Nita Lowey, D-N.Y. The White House agrees, but the extent to which Clinton
and first lady Hillary Rodham Clinton are ready to fight to save abortion
coverage is unclear.

In letters to Democratic leaders trying to fashion a compromise health-reform
bill in each chamber for a floor vote, the bishops made clear their unyielding
opposition to any requirement that health plans provide for abortions.

"   We promise our vigorous opposition to any legislation that includes them,"
said the letter.

The Los Angeles Times, Denver Post Religion Writer Virginia Culver and States
News Service contributed to this report.

LOAD-DATE: September 26, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO: The Associated Press/Mark Wilson NEWS CONFERENCE: Bishop James
McHugh of Camden, N.J., speaks. At left is Bishop John Ricard of Baltimore, Md.
At right is Sister Carol Keehan of Washington, D.C.

                        Copyright 1994 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              447 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Chronicle of Higher Education

                          September 16, 2009 Wednesday

BYLINE: By Mary Ann Mason

SECTION: ADVICE

LENGTH: 1418  words

ABSTRACT

It is usually an accumulation of small and large incidents that marginalize
female administrators.

FULL TEXT

The percentage of college presidents who are women more than doubled in the 20
years between 1986 and 2006, according to the American Council on Education's
most recent American College President Study of 2,148 colleges. That is the good
news. The bad news is that women's progress has slowed in recent years. The
other bad news is that only 63 percent of female presidents surveyed were
married, compared with 89 percent of their male counterparts. "Twenty-four
percent of women presidents are either divorced or were never married (excluding
members of religious orders)," an ACE statement on the study said. "Only 7
percent of male presidents fall into these categories." The report does not
mention the percentage who have children.

I applaud the strong women who have reached the top positions in their colleges
and universities, sometimes at great personal sacrifice. I know that they face
many challenges breaking into the male leadership culture, including walking the
tightrope of being assertive while not being perceived as aggressive.

Often subtle discrimination is rooted in gender stereotypes-especially when it
comes to the "leadership issue." Female candidates are purportedly passed up for
promotions based on a conscious or unconscious belief that women do not have
what it takes to lead men. The English reputedly have a test for that kind of
leadership-"Who among you would kill the tiger if attacked?"

But if a woman displays the qualities of a tiger killer, she may be dismissed as
too masculine. That paradox was the subject of a landmark 1989 Supreme Court
case, Price Waterhouse vs. Hopkins, which found that kind of evaluation to be
discrimination. Ann Hopkins was turned down for a promotion to partnership on a
split decision of male partners who evaluated her performance. A number of their
evaluations sharply criticized her interpersonal skills and specifically called
her too abrasive. Several of the evaluations on both sides made comments
implying that Hopkins "was or had been acting masculine," and one partner
advised her that "she could improve her chances for partnership by walking,
talking, and dressing more femininely."

As the only female dean at the University of California at Berkeley for several
years, I sat in on countless meetings where men held the floor. One day a female
colleague made a presentation to a meeting of the deans and received a cursory,
bordering on rude, response. Afterward, she asked me how she could have been
more effective.

"Speak low and slowly, but smile frequently," I replied. This advice (which did
help her next presentation) was based on my observation that women must adhere
to a narrow band of behavior in order to be effective in mostly male settings.
Women who speak too fast, or in too shrill a tone, are overlooked. Women who act
in a highly assertive manner, which might be acceptable for men, are attended
to, but not invited back. Women must be friendly, but they cannot be too
friendly or a sexual connotation may be inferred. After meetings, women are
frequently marginalized when they are left out of job-related social networking.

A survey of women in corporate leadership positions by Catalyst, an organization
that works toward the advancement of women, found that 41 percent of respondents
cited "exclusion from informal networks" as a barrier to their overall
advancement. Navigating that male-dominated world can be disorienting and
stressful.

It is not surprising that we still find few women at the top. More than 20 years
ago, The Wall Street Journal used the phrase "glass ceiling" to describe the
apparent barriers that prevent women from reaching the highest leadership
positions. In 1995 the government's Glass Ceiling Commission reported that women
held 45.7 percent of America's jobs and received more than half of the
university master's degrees. Yet 95 percent of senior managers were men, and
female managers' earnings were, on average, a scant 68 percent of their male
counterparts'. A decade later, in 2005, women accounted for 46.5 percent of
America's work force and represented less than 8 percent of its top managers
(although at large Fortune 500 companies the figure is slightly higher). Female
managers' earnings now average 72 percent of their male colleagues' wages. Since
1998, the figures have stagnated. Over all, the trajectory is not promising.

Women with children face additional problems in the workplace. They may have an
especially difficult time participating in the job-related social networking
that is often required to advance. In academe the socializing is not so likely
to be sports talk and all-night boozing, but mothers may have to leave meetings
that do not end by 5 p.m. in order to pick up children. Or they may be unable to
attend job talks, receptions, or search-committee dinners because of child-care
commitments.

It is usually an accumulation of small and large incidents that marginalize
female administrators. I think of this as the "snow-woman effect." The layers of
missed opportunities, family obligations, and small and large slights build up
over the years, slowing their career progress compared with men.

Virgina Valian, in her insightful book, Why So Slow? suggests that, like
interest on capital, disadvantages accrue and accumulate, ultimately resulting
in large disparities in salary promotion and prestige for women. Her work
describes the psychological and institutional ways in which all women are
treated differently from birth.

For mothers, family constraints impede career progress in addition to the gender
schemas that slow all women down. In most analyses of women's failure to break
the glass ceiling, family issues are sidelined in favor of amorphous
explanations of gender discrimination. Some note is given to the fact that women
who leave to have children have a difficult time getting back on track, and
occasionally a mention is made of elder care, since women, more than men, are
sometimes called upon for extended care of failing parents. Indeed, women who
make it past the make-or-break years and successfully raise families while
excelling in their careers often face a new, equally daunting challenge in their
40s and 50s-caring for aging parents. In their study, "Off-Ramps and On-Ramps,"
Sylvia Ann Hewlett and Carolyn Buck Luce found that 24 percent of highly
qualified women reported the demands of caring for elderly parents as a factor
that pulled them away from their jobs.

Professional women also are far more likely than men to experience disruption
stemming from divorce, which can affect their ability to perform for years.
Likewise, growing families are unpredictable-troubled teens may need more
attention than they did at an earlier age, and sick relatives may need extended
care.

The lack of awareness about family restraints is perplexing since many studies
have found that motherhood is the single most important factor in explaining the
wage differential between men and women. Economic studies have found that
mothers, over all, make 60 cents to the dollar that men earn, and that women who
do not have children have wages similar to men.

In the university world as well as other professions, marriage and children
appear to boost the careers of men and slow or stop those of women. Across the
disciplines, but particularly in the sciences, the lack of female role models in
top leadership positions is problematic. It is not just a problem for young
women who aspire to the top but see few women ahead of them, it is a problem for
those at the top as well.

A study of women doctors in academe found that "women who do persevere and
advance face the extra challenge of 'surplus visibility.'" Because the higher
they go, the fewer they are, women become ever more exceptional by their mere
presence on the academic scene and visible to the point of inviting critical
scrutiny. While that visibility can represent an opportunity, living in a "glass
house" with no room for error is more often a problem.

Running a large organization like a college or university may be as perilous as
tiger hunting. Doesn't it make sense that a group working cooperatively rather
than competitively can more effectively kill the tiger and live to tell about
it? And maybe a rethinking of the social networks to be more inclusive of
parents with family commitments would encourage those parents to take on more
leadership roles.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Brian Taylor

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2009 The Chronicle of Higher Education
                              All Rights Reserved


                              448 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The Gazette (Montreal)

                           November 3, 2012 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

When personal problems are an issue at work; How much information do you share?;
It's best to disclose only what could affect work, and always tell the boss
before fellow employees

BYLINE: GEOFF WILLIAMS, Reuters

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. F21

LENGTH: 852 words


You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal to all your
coworkers. But at home, your life is like a country song - breakups, babies,
debts, disease, your truck broke down and your dog is sick.

Assuming your job isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill?

Sharing personal details at work can be a difficult terrain to navigate. Tell
all early and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your
personal life affects your work. But overshare and you can marginalize yourself
at the one place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the most
anxiety-provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Of course, some personal details like pregnancy or that whole body cast from
your weekend skiing injury may be difficult to hide. But for everything else,
here is a quick primer for what, how and when to share at the office.

Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule, you
should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance.

Legally, you're usually on solid ground if you keep your mouth shut, says Nigel
Telman, an employee attorney at law firm Proskauer Rose in Chicago.

You aren't even required to mention pregnancy, though of course you would have
to if you wanted to take maternity leave.

"The one exception is if you have an illness that could potentially put your
co-workers at risk of contracting the illness. For example, tuberculosis. Then
you must advise your employer of the situation," says Telman.

If you have a soft fuzzy workplace and consider your boss your friend, you may
feel like telling more. Interestingly, workers' views on sharing may be affected
by their age, says Amy Lynch, a Minneapolis consultant, who offers corporate
seminars on managing multiple generations in the workforce.

"Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to share private info, even
if it impacts performance," she says. Generation X tends to share personal
dramas since, "withholding it might be unethical because it affects team
performance."

Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that kind of info with everybody.
They Facebook it."

And speaking of Facebook, don't post personal items on social networking sites
if you aren't going to disclose them at work.

Your colleagues will find out. And they will talk.

If you want to share with your colleagues, tell your boss first, says Niraj
Tenany, chief executive of Netwoven, a tech firm in Milpitas, Calif., with 45
employees.

You could be putting your friend in an uncomfortable, or even job-jeopardizing,
position if you hand them work-related information before telling your
supervisor.

Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tenn., firm with 125 employees.

"Yes, I care and I am happy for you but only share what is relevant to your work
position."

If it's inevitable your employer will learn your news, get it out there early.

For pregnancies, three months is probably good timing, says Allison O'Kelly of
Moms Corps, a professional flexible staffing firm.

"After that, I would tell because you don't want to look like you're holding
back. You want to look helpful."

Offer a solution at the same time that you bring up the topic. If you need to
take time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which
colleagues could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the
evenings.

"You want to get the news out there early so your employer has more time to
prepare and support you, and so they don't feel blindsided," says Nicole
Williams, connection director at LinkedIn and author of several career books,
including "Earn What You're Worth."

Marty Kotis, president and CEO of Kotis Holdings, a Greensboro, N.C., shopping
centre developer, appreciated it when one of his employees gave him two months
notice before the employee was going to be sidelined with back surgery.

"It gave us a chance to discuss how we were going to cover the work flow," says
Kotis.

Some corporations have employee assistance programs (EAPs) run by third party
companies to help staff with personal problems.

They can save a company money, says Sarah Hulsey, the talent manager at Rising
Medical Solutions, a Chicago-based consulting firm that advises companies on
health benefits.

If an employee can get help working out a knotty problem like finding daycare
for a dependent parent, that can save hours and days of work time.

But there's another reason, says Hulsey: "The EAP is there so we don't have that
personal information shared in the workplace."

There are good reasons for companies to support valued employees. "The more
flexible I can be," Kotis says, "it helps me retain some really good staff
members."

LOAD-DATE: November 3, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Gazette, a division of CanWest MediaWorks Publication Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              449 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                   The Star Phoenix (Saskatoon, Saskatchewan)

                          September 12, 2012 Wednesday
                                 Final Edition

Dear boss, I'm pregnant, broke and divorcing

BYLINE: Geoff Williams, Reuters

SECTION: WORKING; Pg. C9

LENGTH: 696 words


You may be sitting at your desk right now, appearing normal to all your
coworkers. But at home, your life is like a country song - breakups, babies,
debts, disease, your truck broke down and your dog is sick. Assuming your job
isn't at the Grand Ole Opry, how much do you spill?

Sharing personal details at work can be a difficult terrain to navigate. Tell
all early and you can inoculate yourself against criticism later if your
personal life affects your work. But overshare and you can marginalize yourself
at the one place where things are calm and quiet.

"Having to disclose personal information in the workplace can be one of the most
anxiety-provoking decisions an employee has to make. Particularly in this
economy, where many employees are worried that any sign of weakness may
adversely affect their continued employment or personnel review," says Wendy
Patrick, a management and ethics lecturer at San Diego State University.

Of course, some personal details like pregnancy or that whole body cast from
your weekend skiing injury may be difficult to hide. But for everything else,
here is a quick primer for what, how and when to share at the office.

Distinguish what you need to tell versus what you don't. As a general rule, you
should share information that could affect your work and keep private the
personal news that won't have an impact on your performance. Legally, you're
usually on solid ground if you keep your mouth shut, says Nigel Telman, an
employee attorney at law firm Proskauer Rose in Chicago. You aren't even
required to mention pregnancy, though of course you would have to if you wanted
to take maternity leave.

"The one exception is if you have an illness that could potentially put your
co-workers at risk of contracting the illness. For example, tuberculosis. Then
you must advise your employer of the situation," says Telman.

If you have a soft fuzzy workplace and consider your boss your friend, you may
feel like telling more. Interestingly, workers' views on sharing may be affected
by their age, says Amy Lynch, a Minneapolis consultant, who offers corporate
seminars on managing multiple generations in the workforce.

"Competitive baby boomers consider it unprofessional to share private info, even
if it impacts performance," she says. Generation X tends to share personal
dramas since, "withholding it might be unethical because it affects team
performance."

Millennials, says Lynch, "have always shared that kind of info with everybody.
They Facebook it."

And speaking of Facebook, don't post personal items on social networking sites
if you aren't going to disclose them at work. Your colleagues will find out. And
they will talk.

If you want to share with your colleagues, tell your boss first, says Niraj
Tenany, chief executive of Netwoven, a tech firm in Milpitas, Calif., with 45
employees. You could be putting your friend in an uncomfortable, or even
job-jeopardizing, position if you hand them workrelated information before
telling your supervisor.

Stick with the facts. "I really don't want to know the details of your
pregnancy," says Dan Stockdale, CEO of Adventures in Leadership, a Harriman,
Tennessee, firm with 125 employees.

If it's inevitable your employer will learn your news, get it out there early.
For pregnancies, three months is probably good timing, says Allison O'Kelly of
Moms Corps, a professional flexible staffing firm.

Offer a solution at the same time that you bring up the topic. If you need to
take time off to care for an ailing parent, for example, suggest which
colleagues could take over projects for you or offer to do some work in the
evenings.

"You want to get the news out there early so your employer has more time to
prepare and support you, and so they don't feel blindsided," says Nicole
Williams, connection director at LinkedIn and author of several career books,
including Earn What You're Worth.

Some corporations have employee assistance programs (EAPs) run by third party
companies to help staff with personal problems.

They can save a company money, says Sarah Hulsey, the talent manager at Rising
Medical Solutions, a Chicago-based consulting firm that advises companies on
health benefits.

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2012 The Star Phoenix, a division of Canwest MediaWorks Publication
                                      Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              450 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                         Indianapolis Business Journal

                                 April 2, 2007

SECTION: Vol. 28; No. 4; Pg. 37

LENGTH: 837 words


*    Judge dismisses IPALCO suit

A federal judge March 28 threw out a 5-year-old lawsuit charging that top
executives of IPALCO Enterprises Inc. breached their fiduciary duty to investors
when they agreed to sell the company to Virginia-based AES Corp.

in 2000.

Many executives sold their stock before the sale closed in 2001 and AES shares
began a prolonged slide.

Plaintiffs included 1,800 participants in the company's retirement plan who say
they lost tens of millions of dollars.

Judge David Hamilton said plantiffs failed to make their case that selling to
AES was irresponsible.

"AES appeared to be a prudent and reasonable investment," he wrote.

Hamilton said a confluence of circumstances faced by the executives persuaded
him they were reluctant to sell the company.

The industry was consolidating rapidly and deregulation loomed in California and
other states. The executives realized both trends threatened to marginalize
IPALCO, Hamilton said.

Moreover, IPALCO faced making expensive changes to address pollution caused by
burning high-sulfur coal.

*    At least 8 parties interested in buying Crown Hill land

The Alliance Steering Committee, a loose organization of neighbors of Crown Hill
Cemetery that opposed developing a section of the historic property, met March
29 with nature groups that are interested in buying the parcel.

One alliance leader, Butler University biology professor Tom Dolan, said at
least eight entities are showing interest in the property. The alliance hopes to
play a role in finding a buyer that will maintain as much of the property as
possible in its natural condition. Much of it is wooded or in wetlands.

Eight days earlier, the Metropolitan Development Commission turned down
Indianapolis-based Mann Properties' request to develop 71 acres at the north end
of Crown Hill into retail and residences. Crown Hill offered to sell the tract
to Mann for $ 5.23 million to bulk up funding for maintenance after burial plots
sell out.

The project, which was expected to cost at least $ 90 million, was opposed by
groups ranging from Butler-Tarkington Neighborhood Association to Crooked Creek
Community Council.

*    Lilly joins list of firms opposed to marriage amendment

Eli Lilly and Co. weighed in against a proposed constitutional amendment to ban
same-sex marriage in Indiana in a letter sent to Speaker of the House B. Patrick
Bauer, D-South Bend.

Lilly joined three other major Indiana employers that have voiced opposition to
the amendment. Representatives of Cummins Inc. and WellPoint Inc. testified
before a House committee last month, and Dow AgroSciences sent a letter in
opposition. All four companies said the amendment could hamper their ability to
attract employees.

"We are concerned that the proposed legislation sends an unwelcoming signal to
current and future employees by making Indiana appear intolerant," Lilly Vice
President of Human Resource wrote to Bauer.

Murphy added that uncertainty about the current language of the proposed
amendment has caused some Lilly employees to be concerned that Lilly's domestic
partner benefits to them might be at risk and could cause some to leave Indiana.
Lilly, which employs 16,000 in Indiana, has offered such benefits since January
2004.

The proposed constitutional amendment, now being considered by the Indiana
House, defines marriage as between a man and a woman. The part causing
uncertainty reads, "This Constitution or any other Indiana law may not be
construed to require that marital status or the legal incidents of marriage be
conferred upon unmarried couples or groups."

*    Abandoned toll-road push might not help mass transit

Leaders of Indianapolis' mass transit movement don't expect to benefit_at least
not immediately_from Gov. Mitch Daniels' giving up on his push to build the
Indiana Commerce Connector toll road.

"I never felt they were either/or projects," said City-County Councilor Joanne
Sanders, a Democrat and vice president of the Central Indiana Regional
Transportation Authority. "They both could exist in the same universe."

Daniels said March 24 that public support was not great enough to warrant
continuing the project, which would have resulted in a 75-mile bypass around
Indianapolis' eastern and southern flanks. The toll road would have been built
and managed by a private company.

Critics had complained that the road was proposed over mass transit that could
have alleviated pressure on interstates 69 and 465 that the bypass was proposed
to address.

Led by CIRTA, local mass transit advocates are trying to sway legislators, the
Indiana Department of Transportation and Daniels, a Republican, with a general
education campaign.

It is extremely unlikely that mass transit will secure new money during this
year's General Assembly because CIRTA isn't in a position to ask. Before it can,
it must complete a report projecting passenger patterns of a new mass transit
system. That report isn't due until summer.
*

-Norm Heikens

LOAD-DATE: July 13, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                         Copyright 2007 IBJ Corporation


                              451 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                 The Oklahoman

                            April 28, 2004 Wednesday
                                  City Edition

Tragedy provides a lesson

SECTION: OPINION; YOUR VIEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 626 words


The recent tragic traffic accident south of Stillwater prompts me to write this
letter. The information I have suggests that the driver of the car that was
waiting to make a left turn had already turned the front wheels of his car into
position for making the turn as soon as the oncoming truck was out of the way.
The impact from the rear then thrust his car into the path of oncoming traffic,
with fatal results.

Many vehicles I meet will have the front wheels conspicuously turned to the
left, ready for the anticipated turn, before my vehicle clears the intersection.
This practice is the norm, it seems, for most drivers, although the Oklahoma
Driver's Manual stipulates that it should not be done. A car sitting in a left
turn position with the wheels tuned to the left is vulnerable to being thrust
into the path of oncoming vehicles if bumped even slightly from behind.

In making a left turn, one should always leave the front wheels in a
straight-ahead position until oncoming traffic is clear and one is ready to
start moving. A rear impact while waiting would then thrust the vehicle straight
ahead, not into the path of oncoming traffic.

Gordon L. Richard Oklahoma City

Our greatest export

Our greatest resource is becoming our greatest export. It's a trend we must
reverse. Oklahoma will continue to marginalize its economic potential until our
legislators and business leaders work together to retain this essential
commodity. More valuable than all our oil, wheat, cattle and technology
combined, this resource is our "knowledge workers" who are leaving the state.
Gov. Brad Henry was briefed on this issue in connection with his EDGE program,
but he has yet to take any real action to retain our knowledge workers. I hope
he will use the remaining time in this legislative session to address a problem
that's slowing our economy and potentially our future as an economic leader in
the Midwest. This is the greatest threat to our long term prosperity.

David Lewis Oklahoma City

Unintended consequence

Oklahoma wants to be first in passing the castration bill for convicted sexual
predators. I hope this bill doesn't make sexual predators "feel" the need to
murder their victims. Dead victims can't indentify their attacker. Do lawmakers
not know that the act of rape comes from a "desire" to be in control of the
victim and not from sexual gratification? In no way do I condone this behavior,
but it's caused by mental illness and should be treated as such. Both are
victims. The raped victim is very much traumatized, but death is final. Never
underestimate what people with mental illness can do to cover their tracks.
Castration laws may push a person to murder his victim.

Gayle Conley Midwest City

Local is better

Warren Ulrich ("Your Views," April 22) must think a giant retail operation will
be more fair with its clientele than a merchant living in the community he
serves. In a business that operates with low markups, Spencer's IGA in Newcastle
offered a 10 percent discount to senior citizens every Tuesday. Will Wal-Mart
continue that practice? Spencer's supported community food basket programs at
Christmas. Will Wal-Mart continue that support? When the Bridge Creek school
freezer broke down, Jim Spencer gave the school access to his walk-in freezer.
Will the community have that kind of relationship with Wal-Mart?

Wal-Mart is a good citizen in the communities that it serves, but its announced
pricing policy is to "determine prices according to the local market." In other
words, if competition allows it will raise prices. I suggest Ulrich read some
history regarding the temptation of giant corporations to capitalize on
monopolistic situations. He may find that senior citizens are not automatically
beneficiaries.

Tom Moore Newcastle


LOAD-DATE: April 30, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2004 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              452 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                             August 4, 2015 Tuesday

Tri-Valley letters: Water shortage not a bad deal for capitalism

BYLINE: Valley Journal/Times-Herald

SECTION: MY TOWN; Alameda; Letters; Contra Costa; News; Local; Opinion

LENGTH: 1052 words


Water shortage not a bad deal for capitalism

Tri-Valley Residents are taking the drought extremely seriously, so much so that
there is a strong capitalistic presence permeating through our community.

Every street has a new pickup truck, an attached trailer or a large plastic
storage tank in the back that is connected to pumps and hoses. Our neighbors are
buying them. Someone is selling them. I wish I came up with the idea of these
lawn enhancing pumping devices.

Capitalism is alive and well. Competition for green lawn sustainability is
growing. As for me, I waived the white flag and am choosing to merely spray
paint my dead lawn green. I have no affiliations other than having a dead, but
green lawn.

Jeffrey Carter

Pleasanton

Confederates' flag did stand for oppression

I agree with the excellent letter of July 23 asserting that the Confederate flag
actually is a symbol of a futile attempt to preserve states' rights. The writer,
from Danville, grew up in the South and never once saw evidence that the
Confederate flag was a symbol of hatred.

His image of Klan meetings does not include the Confederate flag. He rightfully
proposes to pull down the Confederate flag and replace it with the white flag of
surrender to our heavy-footed federal juggernaut. Excellent idea. What's the
world coming to when we can't stigmatize, marginalize and discriminate against
people because we don't like the way they were born?

God help us. Even though the battle flag of the Army of Northern Virginia was
never the official flag of the Confederacy, we love it. Our hero, the late
segregationist Sen. Strom Thurmond, of South Carolina, redefined the flag in
1948 when he adopted it as the symbol of his "Dixiecrat" party and his
presidential election campaign. After the Supreme Court's 1954 decision in Brown
v. Board of Education striking down "separate but equal" policies, good
southerners rightfully used the flag to give a big bird finger to the federal
government for forcing them to shut down Jim Crow laws that kept blacks in their
proper place at the bottom of the caste system.

With our beloved flag being pulled down all over, the country is going to hell
in a hand basket (FYI, I'm now removing my tongue from my cheek.)

Grace Clark

Livermore

Demand new EIR before lab gets permit

The California Department of Toxic Substances Control is issuing a permit
renewal to Livermore Lab to store and treat dangerous hazardous and radioactive
wastes. The draft permit allows on-site treatment of more than 600 tons of
hazardous waste per year and storage of more than 900,000 gallons of waste at
any time.

The state is not planning to conduct an Environmental Impact Report before
issuing a new permit. Instead, they will rely on environmental data from 1999
and a report written in 2005, which only looked at the lab's activities up until
then.

To protect our community, workers and the environment, this permit should be
based on current and accurate data. The potentially significant environmental
impacts associated with reasonably foreseeable and probable future projects
demand the preparation of a new EIR.

Join me in demanding that a new EIR be completed before administering this
permit. More information can be found at www.trivalleycares.org . Public
comments may be emailed to Alejandro.Galdamez@dtsc.ca.gov

Julie Kantor

Livermore Tri-Valley CAREs legal intern

A little logic missing in drought policy

Concerning the water problem -- should we not have applied some simple logic?

Drought Year 1: Require modest conservation measures to replenish reserves,
increase storage capacity.

Drought Year 2: Require increased conservation measures to restore reserves.

Drought Year 3: Maintain increased conservation levels, use new storage
capacity.

Drought Year 4: Storage is now not as severe and manageable.

In a state where the topography is made for water storage, where has our state
legislature been? Allowing the Bay Bridge disaster to go forward, with exotic
designs and engineering and construction costs out of control was not at all
necessary.

These funds could have built increased water storage, employed hundreds of
workers and served the state for a long time. The governor thinks we should now
all be penalized for the poor water management.

Robert Ferreira

Danville

Don't take kindergarten too lightly

With the state running transitional kindergartens to even the playing field for
children, it is imperative that parents know that this is serious business.
Kindergarten no longer is dressing up and imaginative play.

The sand box is gone and is replaced by desks or tables and chairs. Kindergarten
is now academic. What was once the job of first grade has been delegated to
kindergarten. With many unnecessary absences, the child falls behind and may
even be retained for a year. I have had juniors in high school say that they
flunked kindergarten and that stigma stays in their minds all through school.

The parents must be made accountable for their children's success in school.
There is nothing the city or state can do since school isn't mandatory until the
age of 6, and that may be too late for a child who is truant to keep up with his
class.

Mary McMahon

Livermore

Obamacare here to stay, like it or not

Get real. The Supreme Court interprets the law -- a good or bad thing as seen by
voters. It's Monday morning quarterbacking at its finest. Slavery ends, then
poll taxes or reading tests are set in place and now drivers' licenses or photo
IDs are the next iteration of efforts by some in society to include or exclude
some people from the vote.

A recent letter writer disagrees with the King v. Burwell ruling on Obamacare.
He says legislators used a faulty crystal ball to assume every state would
establish its own insurance exchange. And yet those gubernatorial decisions
weren't passed by direct votes. Bet some state residents liked the Obamacare
plans. Were the governors political? What's wrong "with a reinterpretation years
later" on an issue if we aren't living in the 18th century?

I disagree with the court on their Citizen's United ruling that gave
corporations and unions equal status with individuals in super-PAC campaign
financing. Now that was political in my eyes and dangerous to our democratic
process.

Of late, Congress isn't working even at its glacial rate. Democracy is messy.

Jan Howe

San Ramon

LOAD-DATE: August 5, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2015 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              453 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Lebanon Daily News (Pennsylvania)

                           February 8, 2012 Wednesday

Numbers belie idea of early dismissal

BYLINE: By RAHN FORNEY

SECTION: COLUMNISTS

LENGTH: 779 words


Two things struck me as a I read coverage of Rick Santorum's sweep of three
states' early presidential voting on Tuesday.

First was the resilience of Santorum; second was the arrogance of the media.

Let's take the second thing first. The opening line of the New York Times' main
story on Santorum's victories in Minnesota, Colorado and Missouri was, "His
candidacy all but dismissed just days ago ..."

It obviously wasn't the voters in those three states. It wasn't the voters in
Iowa. It wasn't those voters who supported him in New Hampshire, South Carolina,
Nevada and Florida, places in which he didn't win the election but still took
part.

It would seem that the primary entity responsible for the dismissal of
Santorum's candidacy is the media, which specializes in marginalizing candidates
it doesn't find up to whatever standards it's applying that day. And Mitt
Romney's their guy; has been from the outset.

People outside the media have other ideas, however, and the ideas of the 44.8
percent of the Republican voters in Minnesota, 40.2 percent of those in Colorado
and 55.2 percent of them in Missouri, along with those other individuals who
have already cast ballots for him, are far different.

Their idea: Make Santorum the challenger to President Barack Obama in November.

Santorum has run a strong race. He has marginalized those who would marginalize
him, and he has smartly played to the elements of the conservative base looking
for a candidate to back. He is their horse in the race; not the long-anointed
Romney.

Don't suppose that I'm a Santorum supporter. No, my horse has been and will
continue to be Ron Paul. Santorum is diametrically opposed across the social
spectrum from my views, but that doesn't mean I don't appreciate an exceptional
effort, with results, and that's what Santorum has shown in this primary season.

What these latest voting results and others show is that the Republican Party is
far from united in its view of the Republican candidates who are fighting to
step into the ring with Obama.

Most specifically, conservatives, and that describes a good majority of the
entire party, are not ready to put all their hopes behind Romney. Until there is
no other choice, and that likely will not occur until after the convention, when
I believe Romney will get the nomination, they are going to chart their own
course.

But there are several flavors of conservatives in the race, and they are taking
turns ebbing and flowing at or near the top of the polls. Paul has had his solid
moments with his libertarian bent; Newt Gingrich has generated buzz and
blustered his way into the process. And then there's Santorum.

Compared to the other three in terms of conservative leanings, Romney is a
milquetoast. I've written before that a Republican who can be elected as
governor of Massachusetts, not exactly the cradle of conservatism here in the
United States, must be at the very least be a centrist, whatever he claims his
leanings to the right might be.

There are two ways this nomination process can go. The Republicans choose
Romney, and the conservative elements who worked against him in the party
swallow hard and press the button by his name in November. After all, they'd
have to swallow a lot harder to push the button for Obama.

Or, one of these conservative candidates, perhaps generating buzz within the tea
party movement - or even Occupy, at least in Paul's case - can take on the
mantle of third-party candidate to garner conservative Republican support and
backing from elements of independents whose thinking falls within their sphere.

The party as a whole doesn't want any part of a third challenger who will split
their side's vote. This is, after all, first about making Obama a one-termer.

But the funny thing about ideology is that it isn't given up upon easily. And it
might be that those conservatives will be unable to level their feelings with
the proven positions of Romney - not what he's said while campaigning but what
he's done in his political past - and demand a third option, their option,
regardless of the cost to Romney or the potential benefit to Obama.

The vast ideological gap that now exists in this country is a vacuum for those
trying to find middle ground. It's not a healthy political environment, not one
conducive to getting much accomplished - and much needs to be accomplished - but
that is what we are facing.

Dismiss Santorum? Dismiss Paul? Dismiss Gingrich? The media might, but the
people are casting the votes. Pay attention to them, and watch the numbers.
We'll all see together how it plays out.

Forney is the editorial-page editor for the Lebanon Daily News. He can be
reached at rahnforney@ldnews.com

LOAD-DATE: February 9, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2012 Lebanon Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              454 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          International New York Times

                               May 8, 2015 Friday

Jim Wright, driven House speaker from Texas, dies at 92;
Obituary

BYLINE: ADAM CLYMER

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 819 words

ABSTRACT

He was an effective Texas Democrat who rose to the pinnacle of congressional
power before ethics charges forced his resignation in 1989.

FULL TEXT

Jim Wright, a driven Texas Democrat who rose to the pinnacle of congressional
power before ethics charges forced his resignation as speaker of the House in
1989, died on Wednesday in Fort Worth. He was 92.

The Thompson's Harveson & Cole funeral home in Fort Worth confirmed his death.

While his resignation was prompted by a yearlong ethics investigation, much of
the enmity against Mr. Wright derived from the way he ran the House and saw his
role as speaker.

Republicans bitterly attacked him for encouraging peace negotiations in
Nicaragua, accusing him of seizing authority that properly belonged to President
Ronald Reagan. They also were furious over the parliamentary tactics he had used
to marginalize them and to pass a heavy load of legislation in 1987 and 1988.

The main ethics charges against Mr. Wright were that he had improperly accepted
$145,000 in gifts from a Fort Worth developer, George Mallick, through a company
that they owned together, and that he had received royalties for a slim book he
wrote, ''Reflections of a Public Man,'' as a dodge to evade rules limiting gifts
and speaking fees. The House Ethics Committee was preparing to decide whether he
was guilty or not when he resigned.

Mr. Wright insisted into retirement that Mr. Mallick had no personal interest in
any particular legislation that would have made any gifts to the speaker
questionable, and that in any case he and his wife had not received gifts but
rather compensation for work performed for the development company. As for the
book, he insisted that House ethics rules specifically exempted all copyright
royalties from congressional limits on outside income.

When he announced his resignation, on May 31, 1989, Mr. Wright said he hoped his
departure would heal the partisan rancor of the House.

''All of us in both political parties must resolve to bring this period of
mindless cannibalism to an end,'' he said.

But his resignation did nothing to avert a new era of ferocious partisanship in
the House. Leaders in both parties were brought down by ethics charges, the
so-called permanent campaign by members of Congress made cooperation between
Republicans and Democrats nearly impossible, and House voting reached historic
levels of partisan polarization.

Beyond the ethics charges, it was clear that Mr. Wright's driven style of
leadership in his two and half years as speaker was crucial to his downfall, not
only in the opposition efforts spearheaded by Representative Newt Gingrich of
Georgia but in the ultimate unwillingness of some Democrats to fight for him.

His effectiveness was one cause of Republican criticism. Mr. Gingrich repeatedly
accused him of ethical lapses, but he also told John M. Barry, author of the
1989 book ''The Ambition and the Power'': ''If he survives this ethics thing, he
may become the greatest speaker since Henry Clay.''

In the very active 100th Congress, Mr. Wright got many major bills passed - on
welfare, the environment, highways, taxes and more, often forcing members of his
own party to cast tough votes.

''In essence, Wright wanted to govern the country from the House,'' Mr. Barry
wrote in his book. ''That required overawing the Senate and confronting and
defeating the White House.''

No effort of his matched that description as well as his efforts to encourage
peace talks in Nicaragua between the leftist Sandinista government and the
contras, who were seeking to overthrow it in a guerrilla war aided by the Reagan
administration.

When Mr. Wright discussed concrete proposals with Daniel Ortega, the president
of Nicaragua, whom the administration distrusted, Reagan aides accused him of
trying to usurp the role of the executive branch. Mr. Wright argued that many in
the Reagan administration did not want peace talks for fear they might succeed
and stop further congressional financing of the contras.

A peace agreement in Nicaragua was reached after both Mr. Wright and Reagan left
office in 1989, with George Bush succeeding the president and Thomas S. Foley
succeeding Mr. Wright as speaker. In an election the next year, a contra
candidate defeated Mr. Ortega, and the new secretary of state, James A. Baker
III, congratulated Mr. Wright. ''But for you there would have been no bipartisan
accord,'' he wrote, ''without which there would have been no election.''

Mr. Wright in 2007 called his role in defusing the Nicaraguan conflict the
''major accomplishment'' of his career - ''the fact that I was able to help
bring about peace in Central America after a decade of war.''

Republicans remembered Mr. Wright's tactics and routinely employed similar ones
after they won the House in 1994 and Mr. Gingrich became speaker. In an
interview, Mr. Wright conceded that he might have served as their model. ''I
hope not,'' he said.

LOAD-DATE: May 7, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2015 International Herald Tribune
                              All Rights Reserved


                              455 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                 October 5, 1997, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

ART;
Casting the Spotlight on Female Artists

BYLINE: By PHYLLIS BRAFF

SECTION: Section 13LI; Page 13; Column 1; Long Island Weekly Desk

LENGTH: 1023 words



Art of This Century: The Women
 Pollock-Krasner House and Study Center, 830 Fireplace Road, East Hampton. To
Oct. 31. 324-4929.

As a firm believer in the rights of women to pursue interests that stood apart
from convention, Peggy Guggenheim probably intended to celebrate rather than
marginalize female artists when she mounted exhibitions devoted to women in 1943
and 1945 at her Art of This Century gallery in New York. Nevertheless, the
events raised issues that remain just as provocative and unsettling today.

This valuable examination, organized by a guest curator, Siobhan M. Conaty,
looks at the artists from both shows and includes a number of pieces that hung
in the original presentations. Both European and American artists were invited
and this juxtaposition with internationally known figures like Leonora
Carrington, Frida Kahlo and Leonor Fini was a significant boost for the
reputations of the Americans. Kahlo's striking self-portrait, showing an artist
holding drawing materials and sprouting four extra arms that try to touch her
head, could almost be a leitmotif for the project.

One strength inherent in this kind of overview, more than 50 years later, is the
opportunity to assess the independent ideas and contributions.  With both
surrealism and abstraction offering the most challenging avenues at the time, it
is interesting to note how Alice Trumbull Mason and Esphyr Slobodkina adapted
surrealism's biomorphic forms to the structural concepts of cubist-inspired
abstraction. In one of the exhibition's outstanding canvases, Jacqueline Lamba
takes otherworldly, irregular and transparent shapes similar to those in a
surrealist painting by Matta and makes them more personal and aggressive.

Miro, who had been shown fairly extensively in this country, was a partial
influence for many. A fine geometric painting with touches of whimsy by Charmion
von Wiegand is one of several that demonstrate how artists absorbed, then went a
step beyond Miro.

A survey like this also suggests that the abstract work can be linked either to
the styles prevalent in Europe during the 1920's and 30's or to a newly emerging
independent American direction. A first-rate painting by Perle Fine demonstrates
an interest in creating a more lyrical abstraction, and one by Irene Rice
Pereira reveals original research into schematic geometrics.

Since the original proposal for an all-female show reportedly came from Marcel
Duchamp, it is not surprising that some of the star works fall solidly within
surrealism. There is a handsomely executed, steely gray and pale blue view of a
deep and mysterious otherworldly vista by Kay Sage, a dark, unnerving scene
featuring a shrieking child by Muriel Streeter Levy and an impressive dreamlike
invention featuring symbolic horses by Fini. Hedda Sterne's "Katsonarock," with
its cat image conjured from the accidental contours of a random stain, is also
firmly linked to surrealist beliefs.

Denise Regan
 Lizan Tops Gallery, 66 Newtown Lane, East Hampton. To Oct. 20.  324-3424.

Once an abstract painter, Denise Regan brings this sensibility to her starkly
organized, high-impact landscapes and to her bold figurative images. Her tightly
knit compositions synthesize impressions and forms as well, and their tones and
patterns have considerable gripping power. There is a surface vibrancy, too,
that comes from the artist's practice of underpainting with metalic pigments.

In the earliest of the three separate phases shown here, gold pigment actually
defines several shapes within a crowded interior, emphasizing the fairy tale
quality of "Princess in a Hot Tub" or "Harpist, Blue." Ms. Regan appears to be
mediating between an instinct for surface perfection and empathy for her theme,
which she sometimes interprets with a caricaturelike directness that
occasionally seems folksy.

The adventurously colored "Bedtime Story" is a highlight among a second group of
densely configured interiors that add pastoral views as framed furnishings in a
busy room.

The pure, spacious and quiet landscape canvases that are shown here for the
first time are inventive and personal, and would seem to have the most lasting
visual appeal. In the context of this presentation, they tend to clarify the
artist's polished pictorial grasp.

Mary Abbott/Josh Dayton
 Arlene Bujese Gallery, 66 Newtown Lane, East Hampton. To October 13. 324-2823.

Identifiable forms are largely absent from Mary Abbott's new canvases, and this
tends to concentrate attention on the expressive methods that are central to
each piece.

Some surfaces are sparse, articulated only by thin color ribbons against a white
field. "Whispers," the best of this group, recalls the late de Kooning paintings
in the build up of translucent marks and the complexities of undulating color.

Other works are denser compressions of forestlike elements and biomorphic shapes
that strive for vitality. Surging and swelling characterizes the most effective
of these animated paintings. In "Masai," for example, the energy is contained in
just a few large pink, orange and yellow forms. Ms. Abbott balances colors with
great mastery, all the while making the vibrant harmonies seem spontaneous.

The large and powerful "Okapi" includes masses of hornlike vertical shapes that
suggest the artist's recent interest in African sources of inspiration.

Josh Dayton explores a valid issue with his wall reliefs that negate the
flatness of the traditional picture plane. Looking initially like aged relics
from an earlier culture, his fragmented forms in a rich terra-cotta toned clay
suggest a promising direction too. They are solid yet seem soft, pliable and
casual as they bend and twist to imply unexpected motion. Rough, random,
seemingly accidental edges add to the sense of the unpredictable.

Placing the clay components on a rectangular backing tends to reintroduce a flat
plane, but Mr. Dayton apparently recognizes this situation and this presentation
shows him to be experimenting with a number of ways to increase the coherence
between the imaginative shapes and their background support panel.

LOAD-DATE: October 5, 1997

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photos: Far left, "Untitled," a work by Mary Abbott; top, "Pink Hill"
by Denise Regan and "Moving/Static/Moving Figure," sculpture by Louise Nevelson.

TYPE: Review

                   Copyright 1997 The New York Times Company


                              456 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Kamloops Daily News (British Columbia)

                            March 27, 2004 Saturday
                                 Final Edition

Headline marginalizes 'human identity'

BYLINE: Angela Larson, The Daily News

SECTION: LETTERS; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 286  words


I am dismayed by the front-page headline that jolted me awake this morning
(Friday, March 26, Victim Had Turned To Prostitution).

I am saddened that The Daily News would reduce this woman's life to her much
maligned and often misunderstood profession.

She was also a woman, a mother, a wife, a friend, a daughter, a victim, an
addict and perhaps a sister.

While the article makes brief mention of these other roles, the headline carries
a negative, image-producing impact that marginalizes her very human identity.

Alternative titles for this lead article spring to mind immediately and easily:
Homicide Victim Identified; Murder Investigation Underway.

This is not the first time The Daily News has slighted a member of the sex
trade.

During the initial stages of the pig farm investigation, the articles pertaining
to the massacre were often relegated to the inner pages of the newspaper, with
"cutesy" human-interest stories being highlighted on the cover page.

A local radio station should also be chastised for its deplorable reporting
technique when this story broke earlier in the week.

Rather than referring to Shana Lie Labatte as a "sex-trade worker," (The Daily
News could also have used this less-loaded, less emotionally-charged
identifier), the news announcer on the radio repeatedly referred to the as yet
unidentified victim as a "hooker."

Reporters of all news media need to be more sensitive to victims and victim's
families -- especially those marginalized by society and challenged by such
demons as drug and alcohol addiction.

The headline and radio reporting carry with them a "holier than thou" attitude.

A more sympathetic attitude to convey would be: "There but for the grace of
God..."

Angela Larson

Kamloops

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC:
Photo: File Photo; SHANA LIE LABATTE: Body discovered in Mission Flats park. ;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                       Copyright 2004 Kamloops Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              457 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             October 3, 2016 Monday

Ohio: American West provides inspiration for Wright State grad's novel

LENGTH: 867  words

DATELINE: New York



 Columbus: Wright State University has issued the following news release:



  "To escape his troubled past, Norman heads to the Utah desert to lose himself
in work. Having just received a research grant, he plans to study the ghost
towns and now-obsolete mines littering the inhospitable landscape. But when he
comes across a desert-dwelling group of outcasts and is taken captive by their
charismatic yet ever-watchful leader, he is introduced to an alternate way of
life that both repulses and attracts him. ... Norman must decide whether to take
his chances and run, or yield, and risk becoming one of those around him."



 Wright State graduate Ryan Ireland's latest novel, "Ghosts of the Desert," is
based on real-life events highlighting Stockholm syndrome, institutionalized
power and the fading history of the American West.





 Ireland grew up traveling out West and continues to have a fascination for it
and ghost towns.



 "The West is a place I can keep coming back and come mining for ideas," he
said. "We have a tendency to store things over in the West that we want to
forget about. It's kind of one of those things when you start looking at history
there are things that we keep shoving across the Mississippi River as a way to
forget or to marginalize them."



 America has a way of burying its darkest historical secrets in the graves,
ruins, carcasses and layers of rock, quiet witnesses of Western history blown
away with time, unnoticed by the rest of us, Ireland said. He finds that the
country's mysterious past in the West seems to intertwine with his life through
dramatic experiences."I'm fascinated with the way memory operates, and I look at
the West as being this place as a slippery place for our cultural memory,"
Ireland said. "We don't really have history for the West as much as we do in
myths and legends. When you go into the West, we have figures like Billy the
Kid, more mythical type of characters, depending on the period in history, they
change. Calamity Jane changes depending on when she's written about."



 Ireland earned his bachelor's and master's degree in English at Wright State.
He also received his doctorate in English from Miami University. He currently
works as a publicity and marketing coordinator at the Xenia Community Library.



 He wrote "Ghosts of the Desert" while in graduate school at Miami University
and wrote his first novel, "Beyond the Horizon," as a student at Wright State.



 Ireland said the West has a pattern of burying American history, including the
treatment of Native Americans, Japanese internment camps during World War II and
plans to store nuclear waste at Yucca Mountain.



 "It's like sweeping stuff under the rug. There's something about our culture
that when you look at the desert, when you look at the West we're predisposed to
forget," he said. "So I like to weave history and memory into the desert when I
write."



 His older brother had undergone brain surgery at 21 years old. However, a
procedure went wrong forever affecting his memory, and to this day, believes he
is still 21 years old. Ireland has studied the field of memory after his
brother's tragedy.



 Ireland describes "Ghosts of the Desert" as a sympathetic story with no real
heroes. The main character, Norman, is a reflection of Ireland's worldview.



 "If there's any part of me in there (the book), it's all of my worst fears
appearing on paper," he said.Ireland finds creative ways to disguise bigger
issues such as Stockholm syndrome or institutionalized power.



 "Norman, as we find in his back story, really couldn't go back to regular
society, or what he perceives as regular society, if he wanted to. He eventually
develops Stockholm Syndrome, which makes it difficult for him to walk away from
the situation," Ireland said.



 Ireland never thought he would publish his stories, which include dark events,
such as in his first book, "Beyond the Horizon." "Ghosts of the Desert" is
darker, with perverse and horrendous crimes, which made him think twice about
writing it. But with the encouragement of his wife, he realized the actions
leading up to the crimes committed in the novel were natural for the characters,
despite how dark they may be.



 "This was my attitude all the way through writing 'Beyond the Horizon' -- 'no
one is going to read it, it's never going to get published,'" he said.



 The writing and publication process took a long time for Ireland. It took 10
months between submitting a query letter to signing with an agent, an additional
year to find a publisher, followed by another year for publication. His
publisher doubted his plot chapter by chapter yet Ireland surprised her each
chapter of the way.



 While at Wright State, Ireland said that he learned a lot. "Wright State has a
solid creative writing program," he said.



 He said faculty members who helped him improve his writing, included Byron
Crews, Scott Geisel, Erin Flanagan and Gary Pacernick, some of whom he stays in
contact with.



 Ireland is currently writing a memoir about his life during his early 20s when
his brother suffered a traumatic brain injury.



 In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: October 3, 2016

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2016 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              458 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                           The Philadelphia Inquirer

                            August 12, 2006 Saturday

Santorum ad takes ever so subtle jab at Bob Casey Jr. In political name game,
he's 'Bobby'

BYLINE: Kathy Boccella, Inquirer Staff Writer

SECTION: PHILADELPHIA; Pg. B01

LENGTH: 614 words


Pennsylvania's Democratic candidate for the U.S. Senate calls himself Bob. Not
Robert. And definitely not "junior," though he is one. Just Bob.

But Sen. Rick Santorum's proliferating TV and radio campaign ads refer to the
challenger as Bobby Casey Jr.

If that makes Casey, 45, sound as if he's running for student council president,
well, that may be the point.

"Rick Santorum is trying to engage in name-calling and to belittle Bob," said
Larry Smar, campaign manager for Casey, who is named after his father, two-term
Pennsylvania Gov. Robert P. Casey, who died in 2000.

An uninvited diminutive generally has a subtext, said Joseph Tuman, a
communications professor at San Francisco University who has written about
campaign rhetoric. It's an "attempt to diminish the other person, to marginalize
them by suggesting they're young or immature," he said.

Not in this case, said Santorum spokeswoman Virginia Davis. The senator is
simply performing a service.

"Some people think he's the same person who was the governor," she said of
Casey. "It's very important for voters to know the distinction."

Besides, Davis said, Bob Casey is known by many as Bobby. When he was
Pennsylvania auditor general and when he later became state treasurer, he called
himself Robert P. Casey Jr.

"Friends and family call him Bobby, and Rick Santorum is neither," Smar
countered. "Even his friends and family don't call him Bobby Casey Jr."

In modern political campaigns, every word is strategic, said Tuman. A name can
convey a subtle message about gender, race or experience.

Sometimes candidates try using nicknames to their advantage. When Christine
Whitman ran for governor of the Garden State against Jim Florio in 1993, she
preferred the Jersey girl-ish "Christie," while the Florio campaign invoked her
full, patrician-sounding appellation, Christine Todd Whitman.

It was a not-so-subtle attempt to exploit the stereotype that people with three
names are blue bloods out of touch with middle-class families, political analyst
Carl Golden, Whitman's former spokesman, said.

Christie was intended to be "more informal, not as stiff," he said.

"The name game is a little needle more than anything else," said G. Terry
Madonna, a pollster and political analyst at Franklin and Marshall College, who
noted that Gov. Rendell's enemies still call him Fast Eddie.

"No one is going to win or lose an election based on this," Madonna said.

But Tuman thinks Santorum may get some mileage out of his Bobby Jr. epithet.

"It's a clever campaign tactic," he said. It's a way of suggesting "that Junior
is subordinate to the more senior candidate."

Imagine if Al Gore had referred to President Bush as Georgie or Little George.
Not that Bush is unaware of how these things work: His father got a dig in to
fellow Republican presidential candidate Pete du Pont in 1987 when he called him
by his more effete given name, Pierre, during a debate.

"It's one thing to say 'you're not your dad,' " Tuman said, but the diminutive
gambit is "a cover for what really becomes, in some ways, a slanderous
reference."

It's not the first bit of name-calling in the supercharged senatorial campaign.
In May, Santorum said Casey was a "thug" for allegedly dispatching operatives to
snoop around his property after Democrats raised questions about the senator's
Pennsylvania residency.

"Things are getting better if he's just calling him Bobby," quipped Madonna.

If he continues to use the nickname, state Democratic Party Chairman T.J. Rooney
warned, the consequences for Santorum will be harsh.

"I'll have no recourse but to refer to the junior senator as Little Ricky."

Contact staff writer Kathy Boccella at 610-520-2547 or kboccella@phillynews.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 12, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2006 Philadelphia Newspapers, LLC
                              All Rights Reserved


                              459 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       Florida Times-Union (Jacksonville)

                              July 25, 2011 Monday

Redistricting rhetoric is already heated

BYLINE: Walter C. Jones

SECTION: Pg. C-1

LENGTH: 764 words


ATLANTA - The parties and interest groups are staking out their positions on
redistricting even though the special legislative session to redraw the maps
doesn't convene until Aug. 15.

Gov. Nathan Deal said last week that redistricting will be the only topic on the
agenda when he issues the call for a special session, meaning that tax reform,
education funding and any other unfinished business from this year's regular
session won't be up for discussion.

Among the interest groups stating preferences are the League of Women Voters,
American Civil Liberties Union, Common Cause, the National Association for the
Advancement of Colored People and Women's Action for New Directions. The groups
don't want lawmakers to draw districts that favor a particular party.

At least no one laughed out loud at that suggestion during a meeting Wednesday
even though everyone knows redistricting usually comes down to the majority
party trying to marginalize the minority party.

An advocate for the gay, lesbian, bisexual and transgender population asked not
to have their voting bloc diluted by splitting it among multiple Atlanta
districts.

Likewise, the Georgia Association of Latino Elected Officials wants lawmakers to
design legislative and congressional districts that maximize Hispanic voting
power. Since 20 percent of the population growth that earned Georgia a 14th
congressional seat can be attributed to Hispanics, it's only fair they should
get their own seat, GALEO Executive Director Jerry Gonzalez said.

"Latinos are a population that should be recognized and respected in the
redistricting process," he said during testimony before the House Legislative
and Congressional Reapportionment Committee.

He may figure he's already lost one vote on the committee - Rep. Matt Ramsey,
R-Peachtree City. He singled Ramsey out as the author of a new law that imposes
tougher restrictions on immigrants without a current visa by saying its passage
proves Georgia policy is hostile to Hispanics.

Ramsey didn't respond, but during debate on his bill he said he has nothing
against legal immigrants.

As pointed as Gonzalez's comments were, it is the Senate leadership of both
parties that has ratcheted up the rhetoric. Chairman of the Senate committee,
Mitch Seabaugh, R-Sharpsburg, removed all sugarcoating when he said, "There are
members of the Senate and members of this committee that have told outright
lies."

Meanwhile, Senate Democratic Whip Vincent Fort of Atlanta has accused Seabaugh
of playing games.

In one early dust-up, Fort charged Seabaugh with refusing Democratic input on
where to hold a series of public hearings across the state. Seabaugh says his
staff sent a questionnaire requesting sites and then weeks later sent more forms
when Democrats complained publicly about not being consulted. Then, the
suggestions Democrats made came written on the original forms they had said they
never received, according to Seabaugh who said he put a small mark on the
originals as insurance against such accusations.

The Democrats decided to hold their own hearings.

Another allegation of gamesmanship stems from the notice for Wednesday's
separate meetings of the House and Senate redistricting committees. Democrats
say the House notice was placed on the desks of the committee members even
though most would never see it while the House is adjourned. Even if they had
seen it, they would have had 48 hours to submit proposals for the panels to
consider at the meeting, not enough time, according to Democrats.

"This most recent action further politicizes a process meant to be fair and
transparent," said Rep. Carolyn Hugley, D-Columbus.

When the House committee last met, it considered the list of principles
distributed by the staff. None of the Democrats offered any changes or
additions, and they passed unanimously. The Senate Democrats did offer three
amendments, which all lost on party-line votes. Seabaugh believes they would
have led to maps that violate federal law.

The debate over whether they do, like the whole process and the eventual maps,
will probably be settled by a federal court.

GOP State Chairwoman Sue Everhart says there are two reasons for expecting
Republicans to produce fair maps. First, they don't need biased districts to
keep them in power.

"We own more of the real estate than the Democrats owned in the last
redistricting," she said.

Second, biased maps are bad luck for the majority party.

"We saw what happened to those maps drawn by the Democrats last time," she said.
"History tells you that when you draw unfair maps, you lose."

Walter C. Jones: (404) 589-8424

LOAD-DATE: July 27, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2011 The Florida Times-Union


                              460 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The Free Press (Kinstin, North Carolina)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday

City Council makes mayor's signature superfluous on 3-2 vote

BYLINE: David Anderson, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 701 words


Feb. 23--Kinston City Council members at odds with Mayor B.J. Murphy over
involuntary annexation and other issues can't make him irrelevant, but they have
taken a step to marginalize him.

As of Monday, Murphy's signature on any council-approved document is
unnecessary.

In a motion that passed 3-2, Councilman Joe Tyson proposed having City Manager
Scott Stevens sign any document the council has approved by "a majority,
plurality or unanimous vote."

City Attorney Jim Cauley advised there is no policy requiring the mayor to sign
all council resolutions and ordinances, except in certain cases, such as
cemetery documents.

Mayor B.J. Murphy irked the council twice in recent months by declining to sign
council-approved measures that he did not support.

"Coming from a constructive dialogue, the mayor is not elected by the council
members but by the people," Murphy said Tuesday. "My positions on forced
annexation and many others have been widely known for many years. It is
unfortunate that expressing a particular point of view has turned into not just
political but personal attacks."

Last April, he disagreed with a measure to borrow more than $1 million to
purchase 21 new police, utility and construction vehicles, because it did not
seem prudent to him to take on more debt when the city's budget was so spare.
The city manager signed in Murphy's place.

He also ran afoul of the council earlier this month when he refused to sign a
resolution against a proposed N.C. House bill that would repeal the city's
annexation. The council signed instead.

"I'm not being vindictive," Tyson said Tuesday. "I need to know from now on
things will be signed and there will be no more arguments."

Council members had also objected to Murphy writing a letter explaining his
position on annexation and sending it to The Free Press and to local
legislators, but not informing them. Tyson said members who traveled to Raleigh
to testify against the annexation bill were "ambushed" by the letter.

"He totally has the right to disagree in principle but when the majority of the
council makes a decision then I feel that he is obligated to sign the document,"
Tyson said. "Then he can send a letter to The Free Press or the House."

They told Murphy of their objections during a recent council planning retreat
and -- while they insisted the two issues were not related -- voted to remove
the mayor from the U.S. 70 Corridor Commission, to which they appointed him just
days earlier.

"It was fair to let them know (about the letter)," Murphy said. "But that would
have just been a courtesy, but it wouldn't have changed my position or the
action I took."

Murphy wrote a post about his removal from the commission on his Facebook page
during the planning retreat, to which Tyson also objected.

"This is the third mayor that I have had the opportunity to work with," said
Tyson, who has been on the council since the late 1990s. "The first two and I,
and the council, disagreed on a great many things. But they did the noble thing
and signed the document, but our (current) mayor, it's as if he has decided to
protest what we do by not signing and texting to his Facebook."

Council members Will Barker and Bobby Merritt voted against Tyson's motion.
Merritt said during the meeting that it appeared that the city already had
contingencies in place in case the mayor did not want to sign a document, making
the motion unnecessary.

"My thought process was, maybe if the mayor didn't want to sign it we had
something in process for the city manager to sign right then," he explained
Tuesday.

"What is interesting here," Murphy observed, "is that it has been long talked
about how very little power the mayor has. For somebody who has very little
power I have apparently upset the apple cart for stating an opinion in a public
arena."

David Anderson can be reached at 252-559-1077 or danderson@freedomenc.com

To see more of The Free Press or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.kinston.com/. Copyright (c) 2011, The Free Press, Kinston, N.C.
Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 23, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110223-KI-City-Council-makes-mayor-s-signature-superfluous-on-3-2-vote-0223-20
110223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: KI


                  Copyright 2011 The Free Press, Kinstin, N.C.


                              461 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                             April 28, 2015 Tuesday
                               TUE FINAL Edition

Candidate oers "Pot for Potholes"

BYLINE: The Gazette

SECTION: ASECTION; Pg. 6A

LENGTH: 151 words


COLORADO SPRINGS Mayoral candidate Mary Lou Makepeace said Monday she supports
the sale of recreational marijuana in Colorado Springs and suggests proceeds
could be used to address persistent and widespread pothole problems.

"I say it's time for Pot for Potholes," she said in a news release Monday.

Later in the day, Makepeace said she also believes legal sales will help
marginalize the black market, and she wants to regulate marijuana sales in the
same way as cigarettes and alcohol.

"By refusing to regulate, we are allowing the underground trade to flourish,"
said Makepeace, who faces former Colorado Attorney General John Suthers in a May
19 runoff election.

She added, "The reality is that there is marijuana available in Colorado Springs
in the black market, which totally isn't regulated. The cartels are active in
our community. And this will make our community safer by marginalizing the black
market."

LOAD-DATE: May 01, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2015 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              462 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Pantagraph (Bloomington, Illinois)

                           January 08, 2014 Wednesday

Your Views

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. A6

LENGTH: 833 words


Tea party founder  label is misleading

I am always referred to as the McLean County tea party founder in stories by the
liberal media. This is nothing more than media's way to marginalize me. The tea
party consists of diverse, bipartisan, grassroots citizens advocating for
limited government and fiscal responsibility. The liberal media wants neither.

The country is in more debt than we can ever repay and it's rising. Illinois and
local governments are also destroying the American dream through debt. Citizens,
like me, who seek to hold government accountable, are portrayed as villains.
Holding government accountable is the duty of every citizen. Our children
deserve a better future. Future generations deserve a country where laws matter,
not one where the elected write their own.

National politics will never be fixed until we fix local politics. My only goal
is to leave a better country for my children. We inherited freedom and liberty.
Both are being diminished. Sadly, both the GOP and the Democrats have no
intention of limiting government and reforming spending. The tea party-is the
only voice advocating for future generations.

I appreciate the support I have received from local citizens reading the stories
on my website. I will continue to report on the actions of local government the
liberal media ignores.

Diane Benjamin

Ellsworth

Sad that Lower's plan got negative reception

It is really sad that Alderman Kevin Lower's call for a Christmas tree lighting
in Bloomington received such a negative response from some of the clergy,
including the Rev. Walter D. Mead, on Dec. 20 in The Pantagraph.

Certainly there are many fine citizens in Bloomington, but to say we all worship
the same God is scripturally incorrect. There is only one, true God, and the
only way to God, is through Jesus Christ.

Do not be deceived and especially in the latter days of which we are living in
right now. This is mentioned repeatedly in the Bible.

The ACLU and other factions have long been trying to take God and Christianity
out of the public picture in our country and have nearly succeeded except for
those who are solidly grounded in the truths of the Bible.

We have just gone through another Christmas. It has been so commercialized and
advertised with happy holidays, etc., that the reason for Christmas, the
celebration of Jesus' birth, is practically left out and Jesus' name is rarely
mentioned.

Please Americans, let us get back to the basics of why this nation was founded.
It could have never happened without God's hand in miracles that established the
United States of America.

John Gramm

Gridley

Pray as Roe date approaches

I write this on Dec. 28, which Christians mark as the Feast of the Holy
Innocents, that multitude of male children 2 years old and under who were
murdered by King Herod's soldiers in a thwarted attempt to kill the infant
savior he insanely feared threatened by.

Each year, this feast reminds me of the millions of holy and innocent victims of
abortion, killed by crass professionals who are not at all threatened by their
targets but are merely acceding to the children's mothers' requests.

Today's liturgical remembrance naturally covers these modern victims. Please
join me in mourning them, and pray for a return to sanity as the Roe v. Wade
anniversary approaches once more.

Thomas W. Shilgalis

Normal

Flat tax is unfair to poor, middle class

Times change and so have the economic conditions within the state. The
structural deficit imposed by a flat rate structure impedes the abilities of
revenues to expand and contract with the overall economy.

Thirty-four other states presently utilize progressive rates economically. It is
also morally and economically unjust to tax wealthy, middle class and the poor
at one rate, as the burden falls disproportional on the middle and poor classes.

Change can be accomplished by urging your area state senator and representative
to place this question on the November 2014 ballot. What do we have to lose,
economically?

Mike Profilet

Normal

Election

McLean County  sheriff

McLean County needs a sheriff's department that will continue to have the best
interests of McLean County citizens at the forefront. Jon Sandage will bring
that professionalism to the office of sheriff.-

Jon has served for the last 22 years in the McLean County sheriff's office and
during that time has continued to evolve in the role. Jon has served under three
of the most successful McLean County sheriffs. He never stopped learning and
most recently is a 2012 graduate from the FBI National Academy. This is an
achievement only attained by 1 percent of police officers, which are chosen
worldwide to attend the training.-

Jon has shown leadership in a variety of roles while serving McLean County. As
sheriff, he will continue these traditions and make the McLean County sheriff's
office professional, progressive and proactive. These qualities are exactly what
McLean County citizens need and deserve.

Gwen Rector

Bloomington

LOAD-DATE: January 10, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Pantagraph


                              463 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    San Gabriel Valley Tribune (California)

                             March 18, 2008 Tuesday

With Wright, Obama isn't guilty by association

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 696 words


Conservatives ought to be careful before they insist that Barack Obama further
renounce his former pastor, Jeremiah Wright. This vicious guilt-by-association
political game cuts both ways.

The left has used this game to marginalize conservatives. In 1993, the Rev.
Eugene Lumpkin was fired from the San Francisco Human Rights Commission because
he said he believed the Bible told him that "the homosexual lifestyle is an
abomination against God." This year, critics called on GOP nominee John McCain
to denounce supporter Pastor John Hagee, who called the Catholic Church "the
great whore."

McCain said he did not agree with all of Hagee's views and later specifically
repudiated Hagee's anti-Catholic rhetoric. As McCain told Fox News' Sean Hannity
last week, "I think that when people support you, it doesn't mean that you
support everything they say."

Obama's condemnation last week of Wright's over-the-top and downright racist
statements should settle the matter as well - especially as Wright is retiring
from Chicago's Trinity United Church of Christ and no longer is one of Obama's
many campaign advisers. Yes, I know what Wright has said. In 2003, Wright
accused the American government of funding the drug trade and told his
congregation not to sing "God Bless America," but instead, "God damn America,
that's in the Bible for killing innocent people." Wright called the 9/11 attacks
an example of "America's chickens coming home to roost." His church gave
anti-Semite Louis Farrakhan a lifetime achievement award.

Obama has praised Wright as a former Marine who lovingly "preached the gospel of
Jesus." Maybe. But Wright clearly had a strong hate streak going.

I have white friends who argue that they would walk out of a church where the
minister spouted hatred against racial minorities; hence, they expect that Obama
would do the same.

They note that Obama considered Wright a mentor and that the senator was a
member of Wright's church for some 20 years - which suggests a close spiritual
relationship.

I appreciate their point, but they ignore a certain reality about being black in
America. To wit: In certain venues, a black man is going to hear anti-white
comments from African Americans who have not had the extra something it takes to
get ahead in this world. After a while, the buzz becomes background noise. That
doesn't mean Obama buys into all their grievances -- although he probably
believes some and understands more.

Most white voters don't want to elect a president who bears them ill will. Obama
is a viable candidate because he is a black man with a foot in two worlds. Obama
appeals to white America as a black success story. But even if Obama has grown
beyond grievances, that doesn't mean Obama has moved beyond recognizing
grievances of underclass African Americans, who have fared less well in a world
that can look at them with hostility.

It is simply no more possible to nominate a black candidate who does not
recognize racial animus than it is to nominate a female candidate who, her Yale
law degree and Senate seat notwithstanding, does not recognize gender hurdles.

"Obama should be held accountable for his beliefs," Sen. Dick Durbin, D- Ill.,
told reporters Monday. "To go beyond that I just don't think is fair."

Durbin is right. I hope he remembers those words the next time he wants to dump
on a GOP supporter who talks outside the party lines. Not that I expect Durbin
to resist the Democrats' double standards.

Here's the problem with the renunciation game. If it succeeds, you cut away
nonpolitical people from a candidate - until only the carefully scripted
professional political class has access to elected officials. You drive average
citizens who speak their minds away from the process, so that only the nakedly
ambitious need apply.

If Wright were running for office, he would get the full treatment for his
race-baiting and delusional ramblings and for rhetoric that ill serves Chicago's
black community. But as long as Wright is not drafting policy for Obama, he is
entitled to his uninformed opinion.

dsaunders@sfchronicle.com

Debra J. Saunders is a syndicated columnist with the San Francisco Chronicle and
Creators Syndicate.

LOAD-DATE: March 19, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


   Copyright 2008 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Los Angeles Newspaper Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              464 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                        The Daily Record (Baltimore, MD)

                              April 1, 2005 Friday

Ivy League medical school seeks help in Md. for alternative medicine

BYLINE: Robyn Lamb

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 771 words


After presenting the benefits of acupuncture, botanical healing and other
alternative medical procedures to a group of traditional physicians, Robert
Duggan said he received a response that perfectly represents the contradictory
relationship many Western doctors have with complimentary medicine.

A doctor claimed he couldn't afford to learn about complimentary medicine.
Knowing about it, the doctor said, would mean he would have to understand it,
and that would make him liable.

Later, when the talk was over and the two were chatting in the parking lot, that
same skeptical doctor told Duggan he had given a relative an herbal remedy. He
wanted to know if it would help.

For Duggan, a co-founder and president of Laurel's 30-year-old Tai Sophia
Institute, the paradox is representative of a culture that widely embraces
complimentary and alternative therapies while traditional practitioners
marginalize them.

A groundbreaking study in 1997 by Harvard researcher David Eisenberg found 42
percent of Americans were using alternative medicine, spending an estimated $27
billion per year. The same year, the National Institutes of Health Office of
Alternative Medicine found 80 percent of medical students want training in
nontraditional therapies.

The curiosity about alternative therapies harbored by many students studying
Western medicine has prompted the University of Pennsylvania School of Medicine
to partner with Tai Sophia on a master's degree program in complementary
medicine.

The degree, which Duggan described as one of the first of its kind, will come
from Tai Sophia, which has graduated more than 700 active practitioners of
acupuncture and other healing arts -- a curriculum which, as of last year,
includes botanical healing.

The master's program will be jointly developed by Tai Sofia and the faculty of
University of Pennsylvania medical school and will be open to the university's
medical and nursing students.

The partnership is part of a growing acceptance and expansion of teaching
students on the campuses of medical schools across the country about
nontraditional methods of healing.

Complimentary alternative medicine centers exist at Harvard, Columbia, Cornell,
Stanford and several universities in the University of California system.

The University of Maryland School of Medicine established its inter-departmental
Center for Integrative Medicine in 1991. The center conducts research on
complementary medicine, integrates the therapies into patient care and educates
students in all four years of medical school.

What makes the collaboration between Tai Sophia and the University of
Pennsylvania unique, said Duggan, is that University of Pennsylvania officials
came to Tai -- for its 30-year history of teaching complimentary therapies --
rather than inventing their own program.

"I know of no place in the country where an independent college is part of a
major university health system," Duggan said.

And so it will be Tai Sophia's job to make University of Pennsylvania medical
students familiar with the alternative therapies that many believe can deal with
issues conventional medicine cannot.

Some 70 percent of patients seek help for diseases that traditional doctors
cannot treat, Duggan said.

"Our job is to teach them how to deal with that before it [the ailments] becomes
a pathology," he said. "One of the big things is that we know to teach doctors
how to listen and question."

Both are techniques that will come in handy when dealing with alternative health
care methods, which address patients as whole people, not as a disease.

The catalog for the new program includes an introduction to phytotherapy, or
healing through plants, an approach that involves herbs, aromatic essential
oils, seaweeds and herbal and floral extracts. Students also can take a course
on the different principles of the world's medical tradition, from the Chinese
tradition to the African, in addition to already existing Penn courses on "basic
mindfulness" and spirituality and medicine.

Duggan expects about 10 percent of the University of Pennsylvania's upcoming
fall class of about 140 students will opt into the program when it starts in
August.

Under the affiliation, the partnership between the two schools will establish
"an optimal healing environment" program for cardiac patients at Penn's
Presbyterian Medical Center in West Philadelphia.

The program will integrate complimentary and alternative therapies to help
cardiac patients deal with pain, anxiety and stress and include a mandatory
class for every cardiac employee on mindfulness mediation.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: General news

                      Copyright 2005 Dolan Media Newswires


                              465 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                      Nelson Daily News (British Columbia)

                           February 22, 2001 Thursday
                                 Final Edition

Fighting barriers to community vision

BYLINE: Brooke Leatherman, Nelson Daily News

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 4

LENGTH: 540  words

DATELINE: NELSON


To the Editor:

Re: City Councillors respond to Designing Community series (NDN Feb. 19, 2001)

When my kids were younger and sought out advice on challenges they didn't quite
know how to address, we would sometimes play a little game -- I would have them
put their hand over their face and I would ask ``how many fingers can you see?"
Of course, they couldn't see any because their hand was over their face. As they
moved their hand away and all their fingers came into focus, they would start to
laugh at the obvious metaphor -- Even children understand that looking at
challenges from a different perspective reveals solutions that would never have
occured to them otherwise.

The first four speakers in the Designing Community series represented a similar
opportunity to look at our city from a different perspective. It's disheartening
that some in our city government have chosen to marginalize the expertise,
experience and vision of these individuals (who have achieved significant
accomplishment in their own communities), simply because they don't live in
Nelson, or come from a city of a similar size to Nelson.

The message brought by these speakers wasn't to say ``Nelson should copy what
we've done." Their mission was to convey principles of sustainable development
and dynamic community which can help Nelson maintain and continue to improve on
what has already been created. Principles which can help our community navigate
the fairly treacherous balance between the need for growth and the desire for
lifestyle. Principles such as:

- ``In whatever you undertake, from affordable housing to auto parkades, create
beauty, because beauty breeds pride of place and is valued equally by all
residents, rich and poor alike.''

- Recognize the importance of the relationship between water and land as a
priceless community asset which will `build' wealth, not diminish it."

- ``Sustain your unique identity by honoring your heritage values.''

- ``Develop principles to guide your urban planning for 200 years not 20 because
what you build today is the heritage of tomorrow.''

- ``Encourage industry and business of a type and scale appropriate to your
environment and your values."

None of these principles imply that Nelson should try to emulate the development
path followed by some other city. However, if other cities can be a model for
achievement, the urban planning concepts and principles followed in places like
Charleston, South Carolina hold far more potential for building Nelson's
reputation as an innovative small city, than the conventional path being
followed by many of our ``similar-sized'' neighbors.

Being optimistic, I would like to think that even the most skeptical of our city
councillors is not that far away from assuming the mantle of ``Visionary.''
After all, if we can risk 19 million dollars on a community complex which will
be a ``legacy for the next 50 years,'' then surely we can find a way to invest a
few million dollars to do things like cultivate development on the VSA land
which honors our OCP, assures a greater long-term return than a big box and a
parking lot, and builds a legacy for the next 100 years. All it takes is the
willingness to risk moving one's hand away from one's face.

Brooke Leatherman

Nelson

LOAD-DATE: February 15, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Letter

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2001 Nelson Daily News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              466 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Pope Francis on gay priests: 'Who am I to judge?';
Comments after trip to Brazil have people talking

BYLINE: Bob Smietana and Eric J. Lyman, USA TODAY,

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2A

LENGTH: 565 words


Six months ago Pope Francis was a relatively unknown Catholic archbishop who
rode the bus to work, cooked his own meals and often spent his days off visiting
the slums of Buenos Aires.

Today people hang on his every word. That's in part because of his role as
leader of more than a billion Roman Catholics, but also because it has become
hard to predict what he's going to say.

In an impromptu interview with reporters Monday coming back from World Youth Day
in Brazil, Francis made headlines again by taking on some of the most
controversial issues facing the church. He said the door was closed on women's
ordination as priests, while he seemingly opened another for gay priests. And he
raised the possibility of remarried Catholics being able to receive the Holy
Eucharist.

Francis discussed the issue of gay priests after a reporter asked about a report
in an Italian magazine that a Vatican monsignor named Battista Ricca engaged in
gay sexual relationships years ago while living in Latin America. The pope said
a preliminary Vatican investigation of Ricca had found no wrongdoing.

"If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to
judge?" Francis said. "We shouldn't marginalize people for this. They must be
integrated into society."

It was not immediately clear how the pontiff's statement would impact church
policy: The church is already open to gays, even in holy orders, as long as they
do not perform homosexual acts. "What is important here is the way the Holy
Father was willing to discuss all topics in an open dialogue," said Alistair
Sear, a priest and church historian.

Alessandro Di Antonio, an officer with the National Union of Gay Italians in
Rome, welcomed Francis' remarks. "It is such a great relief to hear a pope of
all people talk about gay issues in a non-judgmental way like this," Di Antonio
said. "I wish all Catholics would follow this lead."

As for ordaining women as priests, Francis said "the church has spoken and said
no," but he said women should be more involved in church leadership.

Erin Saiz Hanna, executive director of the Washington, D.C.-based Women's
Ordination Conference, called the pope's remarks on female priests, his first
specifically addressing the role of women in the church, "extremely
disappointing."

Others disagreed. "Pope Francis spoke in concert with 2,000 years of Catholic
teaching and practice," said Michael Hichborn, director of the Defend the Faith
Project for the American Life League, a Catholic abortion opponents group.

"The question of women's ordination is closed; there can never be and will never
be female priests," he said. "It's an affirmation of something all Catholics
faithful to the magisterium already knew to be true."

Blogger Rocco Palmo of Whispers in the Loggia, a prominent Catholic blog, said
Francis' remarks show that he's a pastor at heart. He said that Francis'
comments about gays are straight from the church's catechism. The church teaches
that homosexuality is a sin, but that gays and lesbians -- like everyone else --
were made in God's image and should be treated with respect, Palmo said.

Francis also raised the possibility that remarried Catholics might be able to
receive Communion in the future. Changing that practice would be huge, said
David Gibson, author of The Rule of Benedict.

Lyman reported from Rome. Smietana also reports for The Tennessean in Nashville


LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: photo Riccardo De Luca AP

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2013 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              467 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                   MARCH 3, 1996 Sunday MORNING FINAL EDITION

CULTURE CLASH DIMS U.S. FUTURE IN ASIA AS REGION BOOMS, AMERICA AND ITS VALUES
BEING PUSHED ASIDE

BYLINE: Lewis M. Simons and Michael Zielenziger - Mercury News Staff, Writers

SECTION: FRONT; Pg. 1A

LENGTH: 2016 words


Pulling on Levis, dancing to Janet Jackson videos, eating Big Macs and drinking
Cokes: These little slices of Americana are everyday scenes around the Asian
boom towns of the Pacific Rim.
But Americans tend to confuse this consumerism with Asian acceptance of such
basic U.S. values as individualism, democracy, civil liberty and free speech.

As the so-called American Century gives way to what promises to be the Pacific
Century, this dangerous misperception threatens to marginalize the United
States. Many believe that U.S. influence and economic opportunities will be
jeopardized in the world's most rapidly developing region.

Increasingly self-confident as their standards of living rise, Asians are fed up
with an America that badgers them to change their own bedrock values, beliefs
that are thousands of years older and shared by millions more on Earth.

"When the U.S. was at the peak of its power (after World War II) we could call
the shots," said Richard Madsen, a University of California, San Diego
sociologist who specializes in Chinese research. "Now, we can't set the rules
like we did before. We've never before been in a position where we have to deal
with
people approximately on our (economic) level, or stronger, who have different
outlooks on life. It's very unsettling to Americans."

In a three-part series starting today, the Mercury News shows how these
"different outlooks" are at the root of chronic, serious quarrels between the
United States and Pacific Rim countries.

The scant presence of U.S. semiconductors in Japan, for instance, has much more
to do with the patriotic traditions of salt-of-the-earth Japanese than with
technical arguments over chip quotas. In China, Washington makes little headway
in its efforts to curb human rights abuses because it refuses to acknowledge
that Chinese culture values the group and the state much more than individuals.

"Unless you appreciate the cultural gap between the U.S. and Asian nations, you
will never be able to solve the problems that plague the relationships," said
Ernest Lee Go, a Filipino-American banker based in San Francisco. "Culture is
where it all starts."

CHapter Looking to Singapore
'Soft authoritarian' model
finds an audience
Already the United States is losing influence in the region. New economic tigers
such as China, Indonesia and Vietnam are looking to the "soft authoritarian"
capitalism of Singapore - not to the United States - as a model for development.
Malaysia hopes to create an Asian trade group that excludes the United States.

The trade front is again heating up with Japan. Tokyo is resisting renewing its
agreement to buy a minimum share of foreign-made chips. The agreement expires at
the end of July.

On the security front, tensions are rising between Washington and Beijing as
China allegedly ships missiles to Pakistan and intimidates Taiwan with military
maneuvers as the island prepares for its first democratic elections.

All of this points to Asians digging in and standing up, ignoring U.S.
"hectoring and lecturing," as Chan Heng Chee, director of the Institute of
Southeast Asian Studies in Singapore, put it.

"It would be good if the West could adjust to the fact that we don't want to be
lectured to," she said. "We must have done something right to produce countries
from Japan to Indonesia that are prospering."

If the two regions continue to talk past one another, it could even affect the
military presence of the United States in Asia. A budget-conscious American
public turned off by trade flare-ups, human rights abuses and Asian
nose-thumbing might sour on a substantial U.S. military presence in the Pacific.

That would be a loss for America's Asian friends, who are worried about
saber-rattling from an unpredictable China, said Secretary of Defense William
Perry.

No movement
Conflict over markets, human rights and ethics
As the tensions rise, there is little evidence to suggest that either side is
moving toward greater understanding of the other. Today, here's where the two
worlds collide:

Closed markets. For 25 years, U.S. automakers have protested that Tokyo has
blocked their cars from reaching Japanese consumers. The Big Three invoke the
American belief that the customer is always right and that a competitive,
profit-making free market should offer well-made products at low prices.

But Japan transformed itself into an economic powerhouse during the past 30
years less by catering to consumers than by valuing and fortifying producers.
Japan systematically favors state development over freedom of choice and
protects companies from price competition. Why? The nation believes it must "buy
Japanese" to protect and fortify society.

The result: Even though Japanese leaders have repeatedly expressed support for
lowering trade barriers, overall progress has been glacial. It also means the
Japanese consumer pays more because cheaper imports are blocked.

Human rights. The United States condemns China for the Tiananmen Square massacre
and crackdowns on dissidents without recognizing that the Chinese have never
shared Western views of democracy and individual rights or equal rights for
women.

In Asian culture, "you fit yourself into society - the exact opposite of the
American rights of the individual," said Lee Kuan Yew, the architect of
Singapore's so-called authoritarian capitalism and an influential figure in the
region. Across Asia, even non-communist countries resent U.S. efforts to convert
them to American-style democracy.

The result: Every year, the White House and Congress quarrel over whether to
impose trade or diplomatic sanctions against Asian nations that violate Western
norms of human rights. But Asian governments have continued to arrest dissidents
such as Wei Jingsheng in China and Buddhist monks in Vietnam, close
anti-government newspapers in Indonesia and harass political opponents in
Singapore.

Business ethics. U.S. businesses complain about unethical practices across Asia
but especially in China, Indonesia and Vietnam. Here, ethics aren't fixed but
can change from one situation to another. Payoffs and kickbacks are standard
tools for making deals and doing business. Software, video and CD bootleggers
crowd the back alleys in Hong Kong, Jakarta, Beijing and Ho Chi Minh City.

The result: Americans find themselves isolated by a U.S. law barring them from
paying bribes - a law no other nation has enacted. And, U.S. software producers
estimate, they lose more than $4 billion a year to Asian piracy.

But it is China, which Wired magazine called a "hacker culture," that most
worries the United States. Not only is the threat of rampant piracy expanding
with its consumer base, but China is getting more blatant about manufacturing
bootleg music, videos and computer software and shipping the pirated goods
throughout the region. Last month, Washington threatened $1 billion in trade
sanctions if Beijing did not crack down on piracy - and Beijing vowed to
retaliate.

Asians counter such threats by pointing out they have no history of protecting
what Westerners call "intangible property," noting that Confucius said copying a
book was flattery - not theft. Some observers note that corruption and piracy
are universal problems, extending to Latin America, Europe, Africa and, yes, the
United States.

'Asian values'
A different outlook from America
So is there such a thing as "Asian values"?

Some leaders, particularly Malaysian Prime Minister Mahathir Mohammed, assert
that by embracing shared "Asian values," emerging nations can achieve unity and
power. But many others dismiss such a notion. They argue that although countries
share some Confucian tenets, the region is too big, too diverse, too fractured
by deep-seated animosities.

"The Far East exists only in the minds of people in the Far West," said John
Ure, director of the telecommunications research project at the University of
Hong Kong.

But on subjects both mundane and consequential, Asians do indeed approach life
differently from Americans.

"Americans think their values are universal," said Tokyo University sociologist
Chizuko Ueno. "But, in fact, " she said, "America is very peculiar. You describe
your values as 'Western' when actually they're yours alone and don't apply
anywhere else."

At the heart of the cultural differences is Americans' insistence on the rights
of the individual, an ethic most Asians willingly sacrifice in exchange for
family strength and social order.

Americans, for instance, say the "squeaky wheel gets the grease." Japanese say
that "the nail that sticks up gets hammered down."

Closely aligned with the Asian sense of order is a search for harmony. While
Americans sometimes seem to thrive on confrontation by getting in someone's
face, Asians prefer saving face. They try to avoid confrontation at all cost.

As a result, Vietnamese try not to say "no" to a request, preferring to suggest
that compliance would be "difficult." Americans often consider such vagueness
evasive or even dishonest.

Then there's restraint. Americans may like to "let it all hang out" and discuss
even the most intimate details of their private lives on "Jenny Jones" or
"Oprah." But Asians consider such behavior a sign of extraordinary weakness. To
some extent, they follow the British stiff-upper-lip school of self-discipline.
In public settings, they value self-control. This often leads to
misunderstandings that regularly hamper trade negotiations, diplomacy and
business deals.

Order, harmony and restraint also allow Asians to take a long-term view of the
world, while most Americans worry about the next month or the next quarter. Many
Japanese and South Korean companies propose 50-year business plans; in Singapore
in the mid-1980s, workers accepted a short-term cut in government contributions
to their retirement accounts to help the nation battle a crippling recession.

"Asians have good sense," said Professor Chan of Singapore. "To see the long
term is Asian."

Other differences are notable, too: In Japan, children are raised to subjugate
their own desires and ambitions to the greater needs of the group. As a result,
Japanese tend to work in teams.

The American love of individualism also fuels the nation's belief in democracy
and insistence on spreading it with missionary zeal. Although there are many
free-thinking Asians who stand apart and go against the grain, most are more
than willing to accept the restrained versions of what their governments tell
them is democracy, particularly if they are earning a solid living, doing better
than they were four years ago. Better to eat well than to speak your mind.

As a result of these differences, America's view of itself as the role model of
the world is under siege. Across Asia, people are asking what Americans once
thought unthinkable: Should we embrace the democratic values of a wealthy
country plagued by guns, drugs, divorce, teen suicide, homelessness, failing
schools and unmarried mothers giving birth to 30 percent of the nation's
infants?

To Madsen of UC-San Diego, the fierce political debate in the United States over
so-called family values is partly fueled by a gnawing sense that some Asian
tenets - such as respect for authority, the sanctity of family and sacrifice for
a common good - are sorely lacking in the United States.

"As the world balance of power shifts, we are starting to go through that
cultural debate," he said. "What are our values? And how are they compatible
with dealing with an interdependent, competitive world we can't dominate in any
straightforward way anymore?"

CHART: MERCURY NEWS
Order vs. freedom
A recent survey found that Asians value order in society above personal rights
and freedoms; Americans, just the opposite
Source: Survey of 131 business people, scholars, government officials and
professionals in eight Eight Asian countries and the United States
[Chart not in database]
[960303 FR 22A 4; hbar; color]

LOAD-DATE: October 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Where Worlds Collide

NOTES: See related stories on pages 1A, 21-24A
Mercury News Staff Writer Kristin Huckshorn contributed to this report.

GRAPHIC: Chart, Map, Photo;
MAP: MERCURY NEWS
Eastern Asia
[960303 FR 22A 1; color]
PHOTO: EUGENE LOUIE - MERCURY NEWS
Beneath a sign touting a joint Asian high-rise project, a woman peddles soda in
Ho Chi Minh City. Despite a thirst for U.S. goods, Asians are standing up for
their values.
[960303 FR 1A 2; color]

                     Copyright 1996 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              468 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        Contra Costa Times (California)

                           November 23, 2006 Thursday

Assembly GOP leader's style may do more harm than good

BYLINE: Steven Harmon, MEDIANEWS SACRAMENTO BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. F4

LENGTH: 825 words


The bipartisan glow that enveloped the Capitol this year may give way to
partisan rancor, with combative conservative Michael Villines preparing to lead
Assembly Republicans in the next legislative session.

Villines, a Clovis Republican who was raised in San Jose, seized power by riding
the support of conservative lawmakers, who rejected the former minority leader,
San Diego Assemblyman George Plescia, who was viewed as overly conciliatory
toward Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.

But though Assembly Republicans hope the move will make them more of a force to
be reckoned with, political observers say the move may marginalize them.

"They've gone for a guy who was in Schwarzenegger's face in opposing the bond
measures and rendered themselves a little more irrelevant in the process," said
Tony Quinn, co-editor of California Target Book, a nonpartisan publication that
tracks the Legislature.

"That's their problem. The governor will simply deal with the Democrats, and
when he needs six Republican votes on the budget, he'll pick them off one at a
time."

A 1985 graduate of Oak Grove High School, where he was the sixth man on the
varsity basketball team, Villines' conservative roots go back to his
grandfather, a Dust Bowl migrant from Oklahoma who landed in the Central Valley
as a fruit picker, eventually becoming a small farmer.

Villines' father, one of 12 children, moved to San Jose to work for Raytheon, a
defense contractor, and his mother was a Bay Area volunteer coordinator for
Proposition 13 in the late 1970s.

Villines left San Jose to attend Fresno State and remained in the Fresno area.

"I grew up in an active Republican home," he said. "I'm a traditional
conservative."

His election to leadership, Villines said, was to ensure Republicans had a
"strong voice at the table. Last year, the administration would negotiate with
Democrats and then come and get the six Republican votes they needed. We want to
work as an active partner with the governor, so we're providing 15 or 16 votes
on important issues."

Republicans are in the minority -- they hold only 32 of the 80 seats in the
Assembly -- and generally are able to influence legislation only when a
two-thirds vote is needed, such as to pass the state budget.

Villines, 39, is a former advance staff member for former Gov. Pete Wilson and
an ex-chief of staff for term-limited state Sen. Chuck Poochigian.

He has two more two-year terms remaining, compared with Plescia, who had one
term left. That will allow for more leadership continuity, Republicans said.

More importantly, Republicans said, Villines has displayed the kind of stiff
resolve that conservatives believed Plescia lacked.

Villines voted against last year's budget and fiercely opposed the
infrastructure bond measures. Villines, who represents a conservative Fresno
County district, wrote the official argument against the $19.9 billion
transportation bond initiative.

"They're sending a message that we're not going to be as compliant with the
governor as they might have before," said a Republican insider, who spoke on the
condition of anonymity.

"There's a sentiment overall that the governor is only Republican when he feels
like it, that he's disregarded, if not ignored, Republicans. We've all figured
out that the governor only pays attention to you if he thinks that he needs
you."

Plescia, 40, served as GOP leader for only seven months, finding himself thrust
into the center of complex negotiations over the budget and bond measures when
his predecessor, Kevin McCarthy, stepped down to run for Congress.

Plescia became the object of ridicule after Democratic gubernatorial candidate
Phil Angelides' campaign leaked an audio tape in which Schwarzenegger's chief of
staff Susan Kennedy likened Plescia to "the deer that keeps getting caught in my
yard when I leave the gate open."

Some Republicans say that more than a shift to the right, the caucus wanted to
put the embarrassing incident behind them, which reinforced how irrelevant they
had been last year.

"It was the perception that the governor didn't have a high respect for
(Plescia)," said Assemblyman Guy Houston, R-San Ramon, who declined to say
whether he voted for Villines. "It was an unfair perception, but I don't see
that much difference between George and Mike. This was not an ideological thing
at all. It's a matter of style and perception with how we were going to be
received."

Plescia has pledged "full support and cooperation" in the transition but
sidestepped comment on his ouster.

Democrats are bracing for a return to more legislative logjam after a season of
relative cooperation, said Steve Maviglio, spokesman for Assembly Speaker Fabian
Nunez, D-Los Angeles.

"This will make this year's budget cycle much more difficult," Maviglio said.
"The big loser is Gov. Schwarzenegger. If he thought they were a wild bunch
before, now it's an entirely new ballgame. It would be a shame if they'd throw a
land mine over what we achieved this year."

LOAD-DATE: December 20, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2006 Contra Costa Newspapers
                              All Rights Reserved


                              469 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Windsor Star (Ontario)

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday
                                 Early Edition

Atheists don't have allegiance feeling

SECTION: NEWS; World Briefs; Pg. D6

LENGTH: 136  words

DATELINE: FREEHOLD, N.J.


A U.S. family is suing a New Jersey school district, contending that the phrase
"under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance discriminates against atheist children.

The lawsuit against the Matawan-Aberdeen Regional School District was filed in
state court last month and was announced Monday by the American Humanist
Association.

The group says the phrase, added in 1954, "marginalizes atheist and humanist
kids as something less than ideal patriots."

The anonymous plaintiffs say the words "under God" violate the state
constitution. But school district lawyer David Rubin says the district is merely
following a state law that requires schools to have a daily recitation of the
pledge.

He says individual students don't have to participate.

The humanist group is awaiting a ruling from a court on a similar case in
Massachusetts.

LOAD-DATE: April 23, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Brief

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                          Copyright 2014 Windsor Star
                              All Rights Reserved


                              470 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                           January 24, 2015 Saturday

Civil Rights Groups Concerned About Minneapolis CVE Pilot Program

LENGTH: 360  words

DATELINE: Washington


Council on American-Islamic Relations has issued the following press release:

The Minnesota chapter of the Council on American-Islamic Relations (CAIR-MN)
today joined with other civil rights organizations in expressing concerns that
the Countering Violent Extremism (CVE) pilot program, soon be launched in
Minneapolis, raises serious civil liberties issues.

CAIR-MN, along with groups like the American Civil Liberties Union (ACLU) and
the Brennan Center for Justice at New York University School of Law, say the CVE
program may further stigmatize and marginalize the Muslim community by treating
all of its members as suspects and by holding an entire community responsible
for the actions of others.

[MEDIA ADVISORY: On Friday, January 30, CAIR-MN and the Brennan Center for
Justice at New York University School of Law will hold a community educational
event on CVE, "Understanding Minnesota's 'Countering Violent Extremism' Pilot
Program: The Dangers of Reliance on a Debunked Theory of Terrorism." Speakers
will include the Brennan Center's Michael German, David Schanzer of the Triangle
Center on Terrorism and Homeland Security, CAIR-MN Executive Director Jaylani
Hussein, and others. It will take place at 6 p.m. at Safari Restaurant and Event
Center, 3010 4th Ave S, Minneapolis, Minn. Contact: CAIR-MN Executive Director
Jaylani Hussein, 612-206-3360, Cell: 612-406-0070; jhussein@cair.com]

"We welcome any tangible effort to educate and empower youth to make the right
decisions and promote safety, but it needs to be a community-based, grassroots
effort free of intelligence gathering disguised as community outreach," said
CAIR-MN Executive Director Jaylani Hussein.

Hussein said constitutional rights are the cornerstone of our society and must
not be suspended for any Americans. He said CAIR-MN unequivocally condemns
terrorism and terrorist organizations: "Any action that harms innocent civilians
is reprehensible and deserves condemnation. CAIR-MN condemns terrorism whenever
it happens, wherever it happens and whoever commits it."

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: January 24, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              471 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             The New Zealand Herald

                            April 23, 2014 Wednesday

New Jersey school sued over "under God" in pledge

SECTION: NEWS; World

LENGTH: 141 words


FREEHOLD, New Jersey (AP) A U.S. family is suing a New Jersey school district,
contending that the phrase "under God" in the Pledge of Allegiance discriminates
against atheist children.

The lawsuit against the Matawan-Aberdeen Regional School District was filed in
state court last month and was announced Monday by the American Humanist
Association. The group says the phrase, added in 1954, "marginalizes atheist and
humanist kids as something less than ideal patriots."

The anonymous plaintiffs say the words "under God" violate the state
constitution.

But school district lawyer David Rubin says the district is merely following a
state law that requires schools to have a daily recitation of the pledge. He
says individual students don"t have to participate.

The humanist group is awaiting a ruling from a court on a similar case in
Massachusetts.

LOAD-DATE: April 24, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2014 The New Zealand Herald
                              All Rights Reserved


                              472 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                    The News & Advance (Lynchburg, Virginia)

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                          February 23, 2011 Wednesday

The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va., Darrell Laurant column

BYLINE: Darrell Laurant, The News & Advance, Lynchburg, Va.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 309 words


Feb. 23--Today, let's talk about perception.

For Americans, the New Zealand earthquake had to be a little more unsettling
than most, because it involved people like us. It's easier, I think, to
marginalize a tragedy that occurs in one of those "undeveloped" countries, where
people live in substandard housing and speak another language. By contrast,
Christchurch, NZ could just as well be in Maryland, and the survivors
interviewed on TV didn't need interpreters.

That's not to say that we wouldn't feel the pain of those affected by a quake
in, say, Borneo, but it's a matter of direct connection.

Similarly, the recent Lynchburg shooting death of Brian Patterson was also
tragic, but I wondered why so much was made of the fact that he had been a good
high school athlete. Although I understand why that helps to explain who he was,
and how someone might remember him, it doesn't necessarily make his senseless
early demise worse than that of other young men without athletic credentials. To
those who mourn Brian Patterson, his exploits on the football field are now
irrelevant.

Finally, the Virginia General Assembly has caught some flak for spending
precious time recently deciding upon a state fish (the striped bass won,
narrowly edging out the menhaden). To me, though, these occasional forays into
trivialism are healthy for the legislators, because they provide comic relief
from the drudgery of wrestling over the budget. And if it promotes a little
across-the-aisle bonding, isn't that a good thing?

To see more of The News & Advance, or to subscribe to the newspaper, go to
http://www.newsadvance.com. Copyright (c) 2011, The News & Advance, Lynchburg,
Va. Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services. For more information
about the content services offered by McClatchy-Tribune Information Services
(MCT), visit www.mctinfoservices.com.

LOAD-DATE: February 24, 2011

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO:
20110223-LY-The-News-Advance-Lynchburg-Va-Darrell-Laurant-column-0223-20110223

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: LY


                       Copyright 2011 The News & Advance


                              473 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Christian Science Monitor

                            November 2, 2007, Friday

Don't blame Blackwater

BYLINE: R.J. Hillhouse

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 9

LENGTH: 887 words

DATELINE: Hilo, Hawaii


One critical piece has been missing from the debate about Blackwater's behavior
in Iraq. The security firm operates as should be expected - as an agent of the
US State Department, which it is. It acts just as State has prescribed by
contract. Giving the Defense Department (DoD) more oversight over Blackwater and
other contractors in Iraq, a plan announced Tuesday, doesn't change that.

Since Blackwater was involved in a September shootout in Baghdad that left 17
Iraqi civilians dead, the firm has come under intense criticism for what many
call overaggressive tactics.

But the issue isn't an overly aggressive contractor. It's the State Department's
zero tolerance for casualties of its employees in Iraq. Such an approach makes
tragedies such as the September episode more common - and it marginalizes the
lives of innocent Iraqis who just might be in the wrong place at the wrong time.
Placing so many diplomats and civil servants on nation-building assignments in
the middle of a civil war has a high price - perhaps too high, as officials at
State have finally started to acknowledge.

The US government appears to tolerate a certain number of casualties from the
all-volunteer military. But civilian employees are a different story. Images of
dead diplomats being dragged through Iraqi streets or videotaped beheadings of
civil servants, it's assumed, would undermine already tenuous public support of
the war.

The very branch of the US government charged with fostering relations with the
Iraqi government and people is responsible for the behavior that has helped
erode support from the Iraqi populace. The State Department Diplomatic Security
Service set up aggressive rules for the use of force for its contractors in
what's called the Mission Firearms Policy. These rules are more aggressive than
those used by the military for its contracted forces. In fact, the Secretary of
State's Panel on Personal Protective Services in Iraq recommended last month
that these guidelines be amended to require basic assurances: "due regard for
safety of innocent bystanders," "every effort to avoid civilian casualties," and
only aimed shots - a nod to the fact that pointing and spraying rounds isn't
explicitly banned.

Since 2005, Blackwater has conducted more than 16,500 protective security
details under contract with the State Department. In 1 percent of these
missions, Blackwater operators discharged weapons. The government officials that
Blackwater was guarding were present on some portion of these missions and, at
the least, were tolerating Blackwater's aggressive behavior.

The State Department's responsibility, however, is much more straightforward
than that. The Diplomatic Security Services' Regional Security Office maintains
direct operational control of each mission performed by Blackwater. As
Blackwater CEO Erik Prince described to CNN, "They [State personnel] dictate the
missions, they dictate the vehicles, they provide the weapons, they tell us
where to go and what to do."

The State Department contract requires that protective security details are
trained in some of the very behaviors that Blackwater teams have been criticized
for, particularly tactical motorcade operations that include offensive driving
techniques such as ramming other vehicles.

It is doubtful that replacing Blackwater with another contractor, or even with
diplomatic security officers, would make a difference in how the contract is
performed. Aligning the Mission Firearms Policy with Central Command's
guidelines for contractors is a good first step.

Transferring oversight of contractors from the State Department to DoD will
allow DoD to monitor their previously unknown whereabouts - a longtime irritant
to commanders in the field. But the change will have little effect on the
instructions that firms receive from their State Department contracting
officers. It would also worsen accountability: DoD's dismal record of vendor
oversight includes Halliburton and the contractors involved in Abu Ghraib.

One of the gravest dangers of the government outsourcing $400 billion of its
services is that it can shift responsibility for its actions to the private
sector even if the blame is unwarranted. The State Department has launched
internal reviews and let its chief of diplomatic security go. But the Bureau of
Diplomatic Security's granting immunity to the contractors involved in the
shootout is a troubling precedent, particularly since that bureau contracted
with Blackwater and has been responsible for its contract monitoring.

Contractors need to be held accountable to the same standards and legal codes as
federal employees are. Otherwise it becomes too easy for the government to
outsource its own responsibility, then absolve the contractor when it gets
caught. If there was any wrongdoing at the Blackwater shootout in Baghdad, the
guilty should be held accountable.

However, the American public and Congress should not be distracted by the fact
that the State Department's grittier work was outsourced to a contractor. They
should not allow the government to let a contractor take the fall while it
sidesteps accountability for a cold calculus that its diplomats and aid workers
have to be protected at all costs - costs that may include some innocent Iraqi
lives.

(c) Copyright 2007. The Christian Science Monitor

LOAD-DATE: November 1, 2007

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


            Copyright 2007 The Christian Science Publishing Society
                              All Rights Reserved


                              474 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                       St. Louis Post-Dispatch (Missouri)

                   May 10, 2004 Monday Five Star Lift Edition

ATTEMPTS TO LEGISLATE MORALITY ARE POLITICS, PURE AND SIMPLE

BYLINE: John Sonderegger

SECTION: ST. CHARLES COUNTY POST; John Sonderegger/Talk of Charleytown Column;
Pg. 2

LENGTH: 909 words


Why do our elected officials spend so much time and energy trying to legislate
morality? I suppose they can argue that liberal judges are making decisions that
are cracking our moral foundation, therefore they are only defending our culture
from a wanton attack on our values.

Now Charleytown is a conservative fellow who believes strongly in family values,
and I can scream about liberal judges as loudly as the next guy. The crackpot
judges in California who want to take the words "one nation under God" out of
the Pledge of Allegiance are perfect examples of what's wrong with our judicial
system.

Every time someone challenges the mixing of our religious beliefs with anything
resembling government, the courts usually rule in favor of the secularists. That
bothers me a lot. This country was founded on Judeo-Christian values. Being
tolerant of all religions shouldn't be confused with an effort to knock down the
Jewish and Christian faiths, which seems to be a national pastime for some
liberal secularists.

It's bad enough that we have an international war being waged by Islamic
extremists with the apparent goal of killing all Jews and Christians, we don't
need the liberal courts in this country making decisions intended to marginalize
our main-stream religions.

That said, I'm not buying these arguments that our legislators have to enact
more laws to ban gay marriages because of decisions by liberal judges. Many
states, including Missouri, have passed "Defense of Marriage" acts, as has the
federal government.

To me, that was overkill in itself. Now to have local governments passing
similar legislation is simply "political grandstanding," as County Councilman
Joe Brazil aptly called it when the issue first was brought up in the County
Council chambers.

Charleytown doesn't exactly fit in with liberal editorial writers and
columnists, as mentioned. So it pains me to agree with them on the issue of gay
marriage.

Conservatives can argue that there is an agenda taking foot in America to
mainstream the gay lifestyle. But the ridiculous argument that gay marriages
somehow cheapen heterosexual marriages is a weak-kneed attempt to justify a
policy of bias and discrimination.

I like the sincerity of President George W. Bush on most issues, but he's being
disingenuous when he talks about protecting the sanctity of marriage between a
man and a woman and starts advocating a constitutional amendment banning gay
marriage.

His opponent in the national presidential election, Sen. John Kerry, is equally
insincere on the subject. He says he's against gay marriage but doesn't back a
constitutional amendment.

Both Bush and Kerry say they're all for "civil unions" between same-sex couples.

I'm pretty sure a "compassionate conservative" such as Bush doesn't rea lly
think the prospect of gay marriages threatens our national moral fiber. But his
base of support, the so-called Christian right, demands that he speak out
against gay marriage in a forceful manner. In other words, it's politics.

And I'm very sure that a liberal Democrat from Massachusetts such as Kerry has
absolutely nothing against gay marriage. But he has to say he does, even if it
is with a wink, to protect himself from charges by the Republicans that the
nation will go to hell in a handbasket if Kerry is elected. Again, it's
politics.

And, lo and behold, this silly argument has drifted all the way down to the St.
Charles County Council. Why in the world our astute councilmen give a hoot about
the issue is beyond me, but they are poised to enact legislation (perhaps
tonight) that will reinforce state law barring gay marriages. All seven council
members have signed on as sponsors of this bill.

Councilman Jeff Morrison first called for council action on the issue, saying
that county legislation would be a backup in case a "liberal activist judge"
elsewhere in Missouri struck down the state statute.

Morrison said that even if a judge rendered the state law temporarily invalid,
the county legislation would still be in effect until the state case was
ultimately decided upon appeal to a higher court.

Originally, as mentioned, Councilman Brazil called a resolution "political
grandstanding" and "chest beating" in light of the state law, and Councilman
John White questioned the need for county action.

However, this is an election year, and both councilmen signed on to the bill
last week.

After all, what Republican in his right mind would want someone campaigning
against him or her in this conservative county saying they favored gay marriage?

So the political gamesmanship continues, and our elected officials find it
necessary to write discrimination into law.

We've seen this kind of legal bias before, you know. Interracial marriages were
outlawed in 16 states until a Supreme Court decision in 1967 ended such
discrimination.

That was wrong then, and the attempt to ban gay marriage is wrong now. This is a
personal issue, really. If you want to oppose gay marriage because of your
religious beliefs, that's fine. That's your right, but don't force your beliefs
on everyone else.

When you try to do that, you're just as off base as the guy in California who
says he is an avowed atheist and doesn't want his daughter to recite the Pledge
of Allegiance with the words "one nation under God" in it. He can tell his
daughter not to say "under God," if he chooses. But he can't tell the rest of us
what to say.

LOAD-DATE: May 10, 2004

LANGUAGE: English

NOTES: TALK OF CHARLEYTOWN/ Columnist John Sonderegger/ E-mail:
jsonderegger@post-dispatch.com/ Phone: 636-255-7207

                  Copyright 2004 St. Louis Post-Dispatch, Inc.


                              475 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      Saint Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                     January 13, 2004 Tuesday CITY EDITION

PLAYER CUTS WIRES
MINNESOTA-DESIGNED DIGITAL-MUSIC DEVICE TRANSFERS TUNES FROM PCS WITHOUT CABLES.

BYLINE: JULIO OJEDA-ZAPATAPioneer Press

SECTION: BUSINESS; Pg. E1

LENGTH: 727 words


Handheld digital-music players are all the rage. So is wireless home networking.
Now, the two trends are intersecting with the Aireo, a Minnesota-designed
portable player with built-in wireless-networking capabilities. The Aireo,
developed by Minnetonka-based SoniqCast LLC, will allow home users to transfer
digital tunes from their PCs to their Aireos without physical cables.

The pocket-sized device, which won praise at the recent Consumer Electronics
Show in Las Vegas, is scheduled to hit Best Buy shelves within the next month at
a cost of about $300.

The Aireo faces stiff competition from the iPod, Apple Computer's best-selling
music player. And in a groundbreaking deal with Apple, Hewlett-Packard soon will
resell a version of the iPod that threatens to marginalize competing players.

But SoniqCast believes it has a contender in the Aireo, which is packed with
features not found in the iPod and other available players.

Chief among them: the ability to exchange information with one or more Windows
PCs using Wireless Fidelity or Wi-Fi, the popular technology used to create
high-speed computer networks without awkwardly stringing cables from PC to PC.

Once an Aireo is linked to a PC via a Wi-Fi hook-up, SoniqCast says, the player
can automatically synchronize the music-file contents of its tiny hard drive
with those on the PC's hard drive. Any new digital tunes on the PC are quickly
transferred to the Aireo.

Syncing with an iPod, in contrast, requires a physical connection to a computer
via a cable. The Aireo also can do this if a wireless connection isn't present.

SoniqCast says the Aireo is a potential iPod killer in other ways. It can tune
in FM stations, something a number of other players do but the Apple player does
not.

It can use FM frequencies to play its music over a home or car radio, something
the iPod can't do without any of several add-on transmitters from other
companies.

And it has a built-in slot for small flash-memory cards to transfer photos from
digital cameras to its hard drive, a feat the iPod can match only with a Belkin
add-on. This feature isn't fully operational on prototype Aireos but is
scheduled to be available with finished devices for sale.

The Aireo has potential liabilities. Its miniaturized hard drive, made by
Cornice, holds only 1.5 gigabytes compared to the 15 gigs in a $300 iPod.

And SoniqCast says the player is not yet fully compatible with new
music-download services such as Musicmatch Downloads and Napster that sell
copy-protected music. While the Aireo plays generic MP3 and Windows Media files,
it isn't fully equipped to handle more specialized Windows Media files from the
Musicmatch and Napster online stores.

The Aireo, in development for two years, garnered a "best of show" finalist
designation in the "portable audio and video" category at last week's Consumer
Electronics Show, a top global venue for the latest gizmos and consumer
technologies.

That was sweet vindication for SoniqCast president Kurt Thielen, who began work
on the Aireo with a small group of engineers after they were laid off from their
jobs at an Illinois telecommunications firm. Until last summer, they picked away
at their pet project on their own, without major investors.

Then, in July, SoniqCast affiliated with the Petters Group and its kaleidoscope
of sub-firms, which include Fingerhut. While Minnetonka-based Petters lists
SoniqCast alongside the likes of uBid, Redtag and Master Craft tools, Thielen
describes Petters as a key investor instead of an outright owner.

The SoniqCast geeks are about to find out if their tricked-out Aireo, which
essentially consists of a handheld computer running a compact version of the
Windows operating system, can go toe-to-toe with Apple and its more streamlined
music player.

Best Buy says it is bullish on such a product because the superstore chain
already does a brisk business in digital-music players along with the consumer
gear for creating home Wi-Fi networks.

"We recognize the intersection of these two technologies," said Todd Ciresi,
business team leader for computer peripherals.

But Best Buy is hedging its bets: It also sells the iPod.

Julio Ojeda-Zapata can be reached at 651-228-5467 or jojeda@pioneerpress.com.
See his personal-technology weblog at http://yourtech.typepad.com.

LOAD-DATE: August 21, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTO ILLUSTRATION:

The SoniqCast Aireo trumps Apple's iPod with built-in wireless networking for
cable-free music-file syncing.

                     Copyright 2004 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              476 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                      The Atlanta Journal and Constitution

                       May 12, 1996, Sunday, ALL EDITIONS

Ganging up on the state school chief

BYLINE: JIM WOOTEN

SECTION: EDITORIAL; Pg. 05R Jim Wooten

LENGTH: 562 words


Atlanta may not be the crime capital of the nation, but the distinction won't
matter much to state school Superintendent Linda Schrenko. The poor woman
suffered a mugging Wednesday in Atlanta. She was beaten unmercifully about the
ego and reputation, publicly patronized, scolded and scorned while a crowd of
bystanders a the state school board a sat in passive silence.

That the state Board of Education would arrange a on short notice, and by
special invitation a a tag-team flogging of the superintendent raises disturbing
questions about whether a concerted effort is under way to marginalize her.

The Wednesday hearing, at which representatives of the education unions and
associations were invited by school board Chairman J.T. Williams of Stockbridge
to "give us some good input on what people around the state are looking for,"
should well be the low point of the board's relationship with an elected
constitutional officer.

It clearly got out of hand. By the following day, Williams was apologizing, sort
of. Another board member, Ed Floyd of Appling, apologized for not intervening.
State Rep. Jeff Williams of Snellville reacted angrily the next day, suggesting
that the association representatives had been coached. Board chairman Williams
denied that they had.

One speaker trashed the superintendent. Another spoke as if addressing an errant
child. "What are you doing about the tension in Twin Towers?" asked John Yates,
director of the Georgia Association of Educational Leaders. "Let's work on that
one." Furthermore, "People without a vision will perish and you need to get a
vision and get it so clearly stated and simply understood that all people can
buy into it." Finally, advised Yates, "be an advocate, not an adversary."

Forsyth County school Superintendent Allene Magill, president of the School
Superintendents Association, was brutal. She ended with a list of demands:
"Local school superintendents need a written document that outlines concisely
the mission and goals of the Department of Education, defines its regulatory
functions, specifies the services to be provided to local school systems and its
expectations of local school systems."

The trade association representing superintendents had this demand: "Recognize
the organization that represents the school superintendents in this state by
entering into a meaningful, ongoing dialogue with the leadership and the members
. . . in regularly scheduled meetings. These meetings should be more than
question-and-answer sessions."

A respite, please. Vision? Schrenko has published a document called "A Blueprint
for Progress" that, as precisely as you are likely to find from an educator,
spells out a vision. And why, one wonders, were none of her predecessors
indicted on this vague accusation? Is consistently being 49th in the nation the
legacy of previous grand visions?

Schrenko has an obligation to the public. She may choose to consult with groups
that have organized themselves to better represent their members' interests, and
that in fact may be the easiest way to manage. But not seeking preclearance from
association and union representatives does not translate into a lack of
leadership or an excuse for a public flogging.

Jim Wooten is editor of the Journal's editorial pages. His column appears
Sundays, Wednesdays and Fridays (in the Journal).

LOAD-DATE: July 17, 1996

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                    Copyright 1996 The Atlanta Constitution


                              477 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                             Daily News (New York)

                             July 22, 2004 Thursday
                              SPORTS FINAL EDITION

PROTEST MARCH WILL HEAD WEST

BYLINE: BY MAGGIE HABERMAN DAILY NEWS CITY HALL BUREAU

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 2

LENGTH: 306 words


AN ANTI-WAR GROUP agreed yesterday to hit the highway during the Republican
National Convention - the West Side Highway.

United for Peace and Justice will stage a protest march past the Madison Square
Garden convention site Aug. 29 and then hold a mass rally on the street along
the Hudson River, the group's leader said. The deal ends a months-long stalemate
with the NYPD over the protest location.

"We need to move on, so we decided to take the high road here," Leslie Cagan,
the group's executive director, said on the steps of City Hall yesterday.

"Mayor Bloomberg has done everything in his power to marginalize and limit the
protest," added Cagan, who had wanted to use Central Park's Great Lawn for the
250,000-person rally. "But we're not going to let him continue to do so."

The rally is scheduled for the eve of the GOP convention, which runs Aug. 30 to
Sept. 2.

Cagan said the city should provide amenities for demonstrators, including
drinking water and a sound system that would allow everyone on the lengthy route
to hear the speakers.

NYPD Deputy Commissioner Paul Browne said, "We are proceeding now with the
details to accommodate a safe and peaceful demonstration. . . . The amenities
cited by the organizers are customarily supplied by the demonstrators or
organizers themselves."

Cagan's announcement of a deal capped a back-and-forth fight between the peace
group and the NYPD. The city argued protesters would damage the Great Lawn.

Last week, the NYPD made a final offer of a march past the Garden and a rally on
the highway.

The march will start between W. 14th St. and W. 23rd St. and go up Seventh Ave.
past the Garden. The protesters will turn west on W. 34th St. and head to the
West Side Highway. At that point, they will stream south, and there will be a
stage for speakers on Chambers St.

mhaberman@edit.nydailynews.com

LOAD-DATE: July 22, 2004

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                        Copyright 2004 Daily News, L.P.


                              478 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       The Oklahoman (Oklahoma City, OK)

                           September 28, 2009 Monday
                                  City Edition

Ghost story: Demons invoked to avoid arguments

SECTION: OPINION; OUR VIEWS; Pg. 12A

LENGTH: 264 words


What passes for enlightened discourse these days is summed by a letter to the
editor published last week in an Oklahoma newspaper in which the author notes
that what she hears from "tea party" attendees is strikingly similar to what she
heard from Timothy McVeigh. No, Nancy Pelosi didn't write it.

McVeigh admired Thomas Jefferson. But that's irrelevant. And so is McVeigh
himself when it comes to the sometimes angry debate on health care reform, the
federal deficit, etc.

A timeless form of avoiding debate is to marginalize opponents, associating them
with a McVeigh, a Hitler, a Stalin. Proponents of lower taxes are called
anti-government extremists. Yet John F. Kennedy espoused lower taxes.
Congressional town hall meeting participants wearing T-shirts with President
Obama a la Hitler are extremists. But so are liberals who play the McVeigh card
or who claim, with zero basis, that criticism of Obama is fundamentally racist.

This approach is not akin to National Socialism. It's McCarthyism - demonizing
and marginalizing opponents, rendering a guilty verdict by (false) association.

It can work. Which is why it keeps happening. President Clinton exploited the
Oklahoma City bombing for political gain, not so subtly linking McVeigh to
conservative talk radio. That same message is now sweeping America, as most
recently voiced by Secretary of Transportation Raymond LaHood.

The obvious intent is to avoid debate, says liberal columnist Thomas Frank. His
advice to Pelosi et al: "Why not simply beat the other side instead of
complaining tearfully that they play too rough?"

LOAD-DATE: September 29, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: EDITORIAL

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


               Copyright 2009 The Oklahoman, All Rights Reserved


                              479 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     The Leader-Post (Regina, Saskatchewan)

                           September 12, 2014 Friday
                                 Early Edition

Things are heating up on The Knick

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. B4

LENGTH: 341 words


The TV universe is constantly expanding, and new channels and shows vie for
attention just as much as old favourites. Here are the best bets on the box.

The Knick

Hoping to pay down a debt, Barrow (Jeremy Bobb) treats one of Collier's (Danny
Hoch) wounded men at the hospital, then urges Capt. Robertson (Grainger Hines)
to invest in an invention by Thomas Edison in the new episode They Capture the
Heat. Edwards (Andre Holland), still feeling that Thackery (Clive Owen) is
trying to marginalize him, tries to improve his technique on a hernia surgery.
Everett and Eleanor (Eric Johnson, Maya Kazan) fear for the health of their
baby. (HBO Canada)

Elizabeth: Queen, Wife, Mother

Queen Elizabeth's family and closest companions give rare interviews in this new
documentary, which purports to offer a revelatory portrait of the monarch in her
private roles as wife, mother and grandmother, as well as England's
longestreigning queen. The film also includes previously unseen private material
and was produced with what filmmakers say was unprecedented access to Buckingham
Palace and Clarence House. (CBC)

Handsome Devils

In the new episode The Spy Who Conned Me, Mary Thompson is convinced she has
found the man of her dreams when she meets charming and handsome Will Jordan on
a dating website. A whirlwind romance climaxes in a fairy tale 2002 wedding and,
for a time, Mary is happy. Eventually, though, she confronts her husband over
why he always seems to be working away from home. His response? He's an
undercover CIA agent. The truth is much more mundane yet infuriating. (Slice)

Kitchen Nightmares

Few people choose to go back to troubling parts of their past ... but most of
them aren't Gordon Ramsay, who updates some of his biggest "nightmares" from the
show in the season finale, Revisited. The journey literally takes him from coast
to coast - from Boston to Everett, Wash. - to see if eatery owners he's dealt
with before have kept promises to make improvements to their establishments.
Don't be surprised if each case isn't a "thumbs-up." (Fox)

LOAD-DATE: September 12, 2014

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: HBO, Bell; Jeremy Bobb is Herman Barrow on The Knick.;

DOCUMENT-TYPE: News

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2014 The Leader-Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              480 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                               The New York Times

                          September 30, 2015 Wednesday
                              Late Edition - Final

Reflections of a 'Master Legislator'

BYLINE: By ADAM CLYMER

SECTION: Section A; Column 0; National Desk; Pg. 12

LENGTH: 1368 words


WASHINGTON -- Weak leadership, resentment among lawmakers, partisan wrangling
and timidity about casting risky votes could prevent an immigration overhaul for
''another 45 years,'' Senator Edward M. Kennedy predicted two years before he
died in 2009.

A caustic account of the failure of an immigration bill in 2007 is one of the
highlights of 19 Kennedy interviews released Wednesday.

Another is his dismissal of how the Clinton administration handled universal
health-care legislation as a ''catastrophic mistake.'' In 1993 and 1994, Mr.
Kennedy praised the measure publicly, but in a 2008 interview he said the
administration's slow-moving, secretive approach to drafting legislation invited
defeat.

Those interviews, along with 170 more with colleagues, aides and others about
his 46-year career, were conducted by the Miller Center at the University of
Virginia, and they were posted online by the Miller Center and the Edward M.
Kennedy Institute for the Senate in Boston.

Another point of interest concerns the 1968 presidential race. After Robert F.
Kennedy was assassinated, powerful Democrats urged the last brother to seek the
nomination himself.

In the past, Mr. Kennedy said he had rejected those pleas because he was not
ready for the impact of a race on himself and his grief-stricken family. But in
a 2005 interview, he said he had also rejected last-minute appeals from the
convention because if he ran and lost, he might be obliged to accept the
nomination for vice president, a position that would marginalize him.

The 694 pages of transcripts contain few revelations but offer detailed accounts
of how legislative fights were won or lost, interspersed with arguments for a
strong, assertive role for the Senate.

Ten more interviews with the senator were not released because ''they are still
being processed,'' said Daniel Reilly, director of communications at the Kennedy
Institute. ''All of the transcripts will be released at some future date,'' he
added, saying the bulk of the withheld material related to Mr. Kennedy's early
childhood.

But one of the withheld transcripts dealt with the death of Mary Jo Kopechne in
a car Mr. Kennedy drove off a bridge on Chappaquiddick Island in 1969. James
Sterling Young, the professor of government and foreign affairs who led the oral
history project and conducted the Kennedy interviews, said in 2009 that one
interview dealt with Chappaquiddick. Mr. Young died in 2013.

Some of the most compelling accounts describe how Mr. Kennedy's personal
experiences led to his long-term interest in health care, Northern Ireland and
immigration.

One recurring theme is Mr. Kennedy's belief that the Senate in the 21st century
was not working hard enough to solve major national problems, continually
limiting debate and amendments or avoiding issues entirely if passage could not
be guaranteed in advance. When he was elected in 1962, he said, the Senate would
be busy five days a week and stay on a bill as long as it took to pass it or
defeat it.

In particular, he cited the failure of the 2007 immigration bill, which died
after only 46 senators, well short of the required 60, voted to curtail debate.
(In 2013, the Senate passed a similar measure, but the House never voted on it.)

Mr. Kennedy did not place as much blame on Republican opponents as on the
majority leader, Senator Harry Reid of Nevada, saying he was ''never really
interested in it until the very end, and at the very end it was too late.''

He said Mr. Reid had been in too much of a hurry and had failed to grasp the
''chemical'' nature of the Senate, which requires letting members offer
amendments to feel that they have a stake in a controversial bill. Instead, by
limiting amendments, he said, Mr. Reid ''went out to manufacture a situation
that would antagonize Republicans,'' showing more interest in blaming
Republicans for the failure than in passing the bill.

Kristen Orthman, Mr. Reid's press secretary, responded by saying that in 2007,
''after 30 amendment votes, it became clear that there would not be enough
Republican support to pass the bill.'' She said that Mr. Reid kept on fighting,
and that the Senate passed a ''comprehensive'' immigration bill in 2013. She
added, ''Sadly, now, as in the past, Republicans are blocking immigration reform
from becoming law.''

Although the 19 interviews of Mr. Kennedy do not focus on his brothers and
barely mention his parents, it is clear that family experiences stimulated some
legislative priorities.

Mr. Kennedy traced his lasting interest in immigration back to walks he took in
Boston with his grandfather John F. Fitzgerald, a former Boston mayor. He said
that as they walked, Mr. Fitzgerald would talk about the history of ethnic
neighborhoods and describe discrimination faced by immigrants. Decades later,
Mr. Kennedy kept a vintage ''No Irish Need Apply'' sign in his Senate office.

Before John F. Kennedy won the presidency, he wrote a book denouncing current
immigration preferences as ''indefensible.'' Edward Kennedy took on the family
cause in 1965. He described the first time he managed a bill on the Senate
floor, the 1965 measure that ended country of origin quotas and spurred
immigration from Southern Europe, Asia and Africa.

Similarly, in a 2008 interview, Mr. Kennedy spoke of how his family's medical
problems -- from his father's 1961 stroke to his own broken back in a 1964 plane
crash to his son Teddy's bone cancer, which caused him to have his leg amputated
-- made the health issue and the goal of national health insurance ''a central
force in my life.''

For the Kennedy family, ''financial security was always present'' during these
crises. But when Teddy was receiving follow-up chemotherapy, costing $2,700 per
session, Mr. Kennedy saw the issue in stark moral terms. He met other parents
''in the waiting room -- they had sold their house for $20,000 or $30,000, or
mortgaged it completely, eating up all their savings, and they could only fund
their treatment for six months, or eight months, or a year -- and they were
asking the doctor what chance their child had if they could only do half the
treatment. Did they have a 50 percent chance of survival?''

While the 19 Kennedy interviews do not dwell on his ability to find Republican
allies on major bills, a 2006 interview with former Senator Alan K. Simpson of
Wyoming reflects the respect Republicans held for him.

Mr. Simpson, a friend who was sometimes a legislative ally and sometimes a foe,
called Mr. Kennedy a ''master legislator.'' He said that once Mr. Kennedy
abandoned hope of the presidency, ''he then decided that he would be the best
damned legislator that he could be, and he is that today.''

Mr. Simpson said that most Senate Republicans, if promised anonymity, would
agree that Mr. Kennedy was ''the best legislator on the floor of the U.S.
Senate.''

Other senators who served with Mr. Kennedy generally praised him. In 2008, for
example, the former Republican leader Trent Lott of Mississippi said, ''He's
capable, relentless, and tenacious.'' Another Republican leader, Senator Bob
Dole of Kansas, said, ''He's very liberal, he's a very hard worker, and he has a
great staff.''

''It's not a job for Kennedy,'' Dole said in 2006, ''it's public service.''

But there was criticism, too. Former Vice President Walter F. Mondale, who
served with Mr. Kennedy in the Senate, blasted him for running against President
Jimmy Carter in 1980, and especially for staying in the race ''long after it was
clear he couldn't make it.'' Mr. Mondale said that helped Ronald Reagan beat
President Carter.

Even so, he said in 2006, ''I think there are very few examples of people who
have been that true for that long for causes that pay no money, many times
getting into issues that made his own re-election at risk.''

He cited Mr. Kennedy's support of court-ordered school busing in Boston and
said, ''He just stood there and took it. I think he's been magnificent. Even
with all the troubles we've had, I still think he'll go down as one of the
giants'' of the Senate.

Follow the New York Times's politics and Washington coverage on Facebook and
Twitter, and sign up for the First Draft politics newsletter.




URL:
http://www.nytimes.com/2015/09/30/us/politics/reflections-of-a-master-legislator
-senator-edward-kennedy.html

LOAD-DATE: September 30, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: PHOTOS: Senator Edward M. Kennedy in 2007, the year an immigration
overhaul he had supported failed in the Senate. (PHOTOGRAPH BY DOUG MILLS/THE
NEW YORK TIMES) (A12)
Senator Edward M. Kennedy during a 1987 hearing of the Labor and Human Resources
Committee, of which he was chairman. (PHOTOGRAPH BY JOSE R. LOPEZ/THE NEW YORK
TIMES)
 Mr. Kennedy during his first campaign for the Senate, in 1962. He won the seat,
which had been vacated by his brother John. (PHOTOGRAPH BY GEORGE TAMES/THE NEW
YORK TIMES) (A18)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                   Copyright 2015 The New York Times Company


                              481 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                              The Washington Post

                     July 6, 1994, Wednesday, Final Edition

Battered Women's Cry Relayed Up From Grass Roots

Barbara Vobejda, Washington Post Staff Writer

SECTION: FIRST SECTION; PAGE A1

LENGTH: 1275 words


Lisbeth Wolf and her friends began by taking battered women into their own
homes. When they became overwhelmed by the need, they opened what many believe
was the nation's first shelter -- a five-bedroom house near downtown St. Paul,
Minn. The first night, in October 1974, there were 15 women waiting to come in.

"There was absolutely no help for these women anywhere. It just didn't exist,"
Wolf said.

From such tenuous beginnings, in similar shoestring operations around the
country, a social movement of considerable strength has grown. Once a priority
only among feminist groups, domestic violence is now recognized by America's
most mainstream institutions as a problem of disturbing frequency and enormous
consequence.

The American Medical Association has named it a serious health issue. The March
of Dimes has urged doctors to screen every pregnant woman for abuse. Congress
appears ready to enact a sweeping Violence Against Women Act.

And the murder three weeks ago of Nicole Brown Simpson has elevated domestic
violence to a new level on the national consciousness, changing forever,
advocates say, the way it is viewed by the public.

"People have always been able to marginalize this. They could say, 'It's
terrible, but it's not me. It's not my world,' " said Sue Martin, a program
specialist with the Family Violence Prevention Fund. "This is the first time
it's no longer them, it's us. It's our hero."

As a social movement, this one has evolved along a difficult and unusual path,
gaining attention sporadically. In 1984 a television movie starring Farrah
Fawcett, "The Burning Bed," drew widespread notice. The following year,
Securities and Exchange Commission official John M. Fedders was forced to resign
when his wife, Charlotte, declared in divorce papers that he had beaten her.

Advocates have had to convince politicians and the public that the problem was
something more than a rare and bizarre occurrence. While there is some evidence
that domestic violence may have declined, it remains a common crime, with
estimates ranging from 1.8 million to 4 million assaults on women each year,
according to the Health and Human Services Department.

In their quest for legal and social solutions, victims advocates have run into
opposition from some conservatives, religious groups and police departments
where the argument was often that government should not intrude into family
matters. In addition, some men's groups have challenged the statistics and the
motives of the domestic violence movement.

Even within the movement, feminists have disagreed on whether the problem should
be addressed by helping individual women who are battered or pouring energy into
changing what they consider the pervasive social attitudes that allowed such
abuse to take place, according to Flora Davis in "Moving the Mountain," a
history of the women's movement.

While many of the early domestic violence programs were initiated by women's
groups, the cause was later taken up by social workers and battered women. Now,
groups ranging from religious organizations to corporations and state attorneys
general are proposing solutions.

"It's no longer just a women's issue, a feminist issue," said Sally Goldfarb,
senior attorney at the National Organization for Women (NOW) Legal Defense and
Education Fund. "To the credit of activists, it's now recognized as a major
endangerment to the lives and safety of American women."

Unlike many other causes that have been propelled by a strong national
leadership -- civil rights by the NAACP, for example, or the Equal Rights
Amendment by NOW -- domestic violence has been championed mostly by local
advocates.

These groups have worked, with enormous success, to change local police arrest
policies, adopt new state laws, set up hot lines, open shelters and secure
public funding.

"We went from zero to over 1,000 shelters, from no batterer treatment programs
to several hundred, from ignorance among police to pro-arrest laws," said Edward
Gondolf, a sociologist at Indiana University of Pennsylvania. "That's an
unprecedented, almost revolutionary accomplishment."

Among the responses cited as a model is a neighborhood watch program in Modesto,
Calif., where women have banded together to confront abusers. When they hear
about domestic violence in their neighborhood, they launch into their action
plan: A neighbor calls Kathy Barboza, one of the coordinators, who keeps a file
of names and phone numbers. One of the women in the group calls the police. Then
another places a second call to the police.

Later, Judith Levi-Wood and several other women visit the house. They talk to
the woman and offer her help, offer to sneak her out of the house, if necessary.
They also talk to the man, warning him they will not tolerate his violence, that
they will call the police every time they hear a scream.

In most cases, the violence has stopped, Barboza said. "We don't want our kids
to think that's the way to handle situations."

But advocates say many hurdles remain, particularly lack of resources. "To this
day, this is a mightily underfunded movement," said Eleanor Smeal, president of
the Feminist Majority. "It is disgraceful that we spend three times as much on
shelters for animals."

The Women's Advocates shelter begun by Wolf in St. Paul now operates on an
annual budget of $ 1.5 million. It occupies three buildings and offers health
clinics, child care, support groups and divorce counseling. But as with almost
every shelter around the nation, there is never enough room: the St. Paul
shelter turns away four out of five women who want a bed.

Legally, much progress has been made. In 1990, Ohio Gov. Richard F. Celeste (D)
granted clemency to 25 women who had been convicted of crimes while they were
being abused, using what the state Supreme Court and Legislature had accepted as
a "battered woman syndrome" defense.

New York recently became the 26th state to adopt a mandatory arrest law, which
requires a police officer to make an arrest if there is probable cause that
abuse has taken place.

And the federal Violence Against Women Act, has been passed by both houses of
Congress and is awaiting conference action.

Introduced by Sen. Joseph R. Biden Jr. (D-Del.) five years ago, the law would
expand funding for shelters, establish a national family violence hot line and
give federal funds to states that mandate arrests of abusing spouses.

Biden met initially with a lukewarm response from women's groups, who were
concentrating on abortion rights and other priorities, and outright resistance
from others. But over the years, opposition has fallen away, women's groups have
lined up solidly behind the legislation and Biden has more than 60 cosponsors.

The version passed by the Senate would authorize $ 1.8 billion and create a new
category of civil rights protection, allowing women to sue an attacker if they
were victimized because of their sex.

That provision, which was eliminated in the House but may be retained by the
conference committee, drew concern from the American Civil Liberties Union and
federal judges, further stalling the measure.

In an effort to assure passage, Biden succeeded in incorporating the law into
the anti-crime package now caught up in conference negotiations.

If the crime bill does not pass, Biden said, he will remove the Violence Against
Women Act and resurrect it as a single piece of legislation.

"The most important thing is not the money," said Biden. "It's that it will
signal a changed attitude on the part of the American government about domestic
violence and violence against women generally."



LOAD-DATE: July 6, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

SERIES: Occasional

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION, COMBATING DOMESTIC VIOLENCE: HISTORY OF A MOVEMENT

TYPE: NATIONAL NEWS

                       Copyright 1994 The Washington Post


                              482 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                             April 4, 2015 Saturday

Louisiana: Attorney General Caldwell leads efforts of 15 state Attorneys General
to protect States' authority to define marriage

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following news release:

Attorney General Buddy Caldwell today asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reaffirm
the States' longstanding authority to define marriage and to prevent the federal
government from encroaching on Louisiana's law defining marriage as a union
between one man and one woman.

Caldwell led a group of 15 state attorneys general who filed an amicus brief
with the Supreme Court calling on the Court to allow states to continue to
exercise the authority to define marriage according to the understanding of
their citizens. According to Caldwell, if that authority were to be removed from
the states, it would undermine the democratic process and marginalize the
beliefs of millions of Americans.

"The people of Louisiana have always defined marriage as a union between one man
and one woman, and they have the fundamental authority under the Constitution to
do just that," Caldwell said. "The Supreme Court will decide whether to uphold
Louisiana's constitutional definition of marriage or to compel all 50 States to
recognize a definition of marriage that did not exist in any state as few as 12
years ago. I am proud to lead an effort to protect the authority of Louisiana
citizens to determine how to define marriage. I am grateful that the U.S. Fifth
Circuit has already agreed with me, and hope the U.S. Supreme Court will too."

Caldwell and the other AGs maintain that the U.S. Constitution has always left
to States the democratic ability to define marriage. To say otherwise would
eliminate the States' longstanding authority to establish their own
domestic-relations laws.

Attorney General Caldwell urged the Supreme Court to acknowledge that the
states, as laboratories of democracy, are the best places under our democratic
system of government to determine whether to make changes to their own
domestic-relations laws. The attorneys general assert that a federal standard
for marriage would announce that state citizens are incapable of resolving this
issue through constructive civil discourse.

Caldwell was joined by the attorneys general of Texas, Utah, Alaska, Arizona,
Arkansas, Georgia, Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma,
South Dakota and West Virginia.

The case is DeBoer v. Snyder, 14-517

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              483 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                                US Official News

                              April 3, 2015 Friday

Louisiana: Attorney General Caldwell leads efforts of 15 state Attorneys General
to protect States' authority to define marriage

LENGTH: 405  words

DATELINE: Baton Rouge


Office of the Louisiana Attorney General, The state of Louisiana has issued the
following news release:

Attorney General Buddy Caldwell today asked the U.S. Supreme Court to reaffirm
the States' longstanding authority to define marriage and to prevent the federal
government from encroaching on Louisiana's law defining marriage as a union
between one man and one woman.

Caldwell led a group of 15 state attorneys general who filed an amicus brief
with the Supreme Court calling on the Court to allow states to continue to
exercise the authority to define marriage according to the understanding of
their citizens. According to Caldwell, if that authority were to be removed from
the states, it would undermine the democratic process and marginalize the
beliefs of millions of Americans.

"The people of Louisiana have always defined marriage as a union between one man
and one woman, and they have the fundamental authority under the Constitution to
do just that," Caldwell said. "The Supreme Court will decide whether to uphold
Louisiana's constitutional definition of marriage or to compel all 50 States to
recognize a definition of marriage that did not exist in any state as few as 12
years ago. I am proud to lead an effort to protect the authority of Louisiana
citizens to determine how to define marriage. I am grateful that the U.S. Fifth
Circuit has already agreed with me, and hope the U.S. Supreme Court will too."

Caldwell and the other AGs maintain that the U.S. Constitution has always left
to States the democratic ability to define marriage. To say otherwise would
eliminate the States' longstanding authority to establish their own
domestic-relations laws.

Attorney General Caldwell urged the Supreme Court to acknowledge that the
states, as laboratories of democracy, are the best places under our democratic
system of government to determine whether to make changes to their own
domestic-relations laws. The attorneys general assert that a federal standard
for marriage would announce that state citizens are incapable of resolving this
issue through constructive civil discourse.

Caldwell was joined by the attorneys general of Texas, Utah, Alaska, Arizona,
Arkansas, Georgia, Idaho, Kansas, Montana, Nebraska, North Dakota, Oklahoma,
South Dakota and West Virginia.

The case is DeBoer v. Snyder, 14-517

In case of any query regarding this article or other content needs please
contact: editorial@plusmediasolutions.com

LOAD-DATE: May 9, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newswire


              Copyright 2015 Plus Media Solutions Private Limited
                              All Rights Reserved


                              484 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                         Hartford Courant (Connecticut)

                            March 22, 2008 Saturday
                  5 NORTHWEST CONNECTICUT/SPORTS FINAL EDITION

CLINTON'S ACTIONS HELP MAKE THE CASE FOR OBAMA

SECTION: MAIN; Pg. A7

LENGTH: 535 words


At the outset, Sen. Hillary Clinton's bid for the Democratic presidential
nomination appeared to be a fait accompli. Her candidacy had an aura of
inevitability about it; she seemed all but anointed. And when in the spring of
2007, Sen. Barack Obama stood in Springfield, in the land of Lincoln, and
launched his candidacy, his quest for the nomination was viewed as quixotic, an
interesting gesture - quaint.

Fast forward. The Clinton campaign, top-heavy with nationally recognized,
professional, establishment pols, was all of a sudden flummoxed. Her message
faltered, her campaign appeared to be rudderless.

Having deftly surmised the lay of the political landscape; having skillfully
crafted a message for change; and having parlayed that message into a
broad-based following throughout the land that resulted in wins in numerous
states, Obama emerged as the front-runner whose message inspired and lifted. It
had the ring of ancient Athens, the cradle of democracy that President John F.
Kennedy so eloquently framed. When Demosthenes spoke, the people listened. When
Pericles spoke, the people marched.

And the Clinton response? The junior senator from New York and her surrogates
have sought to besmirch and marginalize Obama and his supporters. In Iowa,
seeing that university students were likely to vote for Obama, Clinton tried, in
vain, to bar students from having the right to vote in the primary. When the
unions endorsed Obama in Nevada, Clinton sought a court injunction to thwart the
right of hotel and casino workers to vote at polling stations near their work
stations. A photo of Obama clad in native dress (atop his polo shirt and khakis)
while on an African tour was mysteriously leaked to the media. Obama's Christian
faith was questioned. The intelligence of thousands who flocked to hear his
message was questioned.

Purportedly, Clinton had the experience. The losing 1960 campaign of Nixon-Lodge
was resurrected: Experience counts. James Buchanan had served a decade in the
U.S. House of Representatives and had been a U.S. senator, secretary of state
and ambassador to England. His presidency is viewed by historians as one of the
worst. Buchanan's successor, Lincoln, had served in the Illinois legislature and
one term in the U.S. House before being elected president. The rest, as they
say, is history.

The Clinton campaign underscores its propensity to win in states such as New
York, California and Massachusetts. Does anyone really doubt these states will
be in the Democratic column in November regardless of who the Democratic Party
standard-bearer is?

On the other hand, congressmen and governors from the Midwest, West and South
have endorsed Obama because he can put states such as Colorado and Virginia in
play and vastly improve the prospects of the under ticket.

Clinton's recent pronouncements, finding Sen. John McCain's experience and
stature so praiseworthy, seem to suggest that if the Democratic nomination is
not bestowed on her, then she is determined to make the Democratic nomination
not worth having at all. Carrie Saxon Perry Hartford The writer is a former
mayor of Hartford and president of the Greater Hartford chapter of the NAACP.
The opinion expressed is her own.

LOAD-DATE: March 24, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: ILLUSTRATION: (B&W), PEDRO MOLINA

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                  Copyright 2008 The Hartford Courant Company
                              All Rights Reserved


                              485 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Marin Independent Journal (California)

                            June 19, 2013 Wednesday

Marin Voice: Bay plan won't solve problems

BYLINE: By Michele Barni Guest op-ed column

SECTION: OPINION

LENGTH: 581 words


PLAN BAY AREA is causing quite a stir in Marin County, and rightfully so,
because it could change Marin County and the Bay Area dramatically. However,
some people are using aspects of this very important discussion about land use
to deride others who have opposing views.

For those local leaders who call people racist, or whatever euphemism they use
to imply that people are racist who criticize this plan, this tactic is nothing
more than bullying, meant to silence people with different viewpoints and to
marginalize them in the eyes of others.

Racism is something some of our leaders are hiding behind to justify their push
for massive development. They are trying to pit progressives, environmentalists,
social equity advocates and regular Marin citizens against each other.

Divide and conquer is the game plan.

I would believe some of the leaders who are hiding behind the mask of social
equity justice if, for instance, they didn't receive such large campaign
donations from the real estate and development interests and law firms who will
benefit from the plan and if they had spoken out against the building of the new
Target in San Rafael, which will bring more low-paying, part-time jobs without
benefits to our county, or against any retail, fast food and other
establishments that pay low wages without benefits, increasing the reliance of
the people who work there on taxpayer-subsidized welfare programs and housing.
Or, if they spoke out against the building of mini-mansions in what used to be
middle class neighborhoods in Marin, making those neighborhoods subsequently
unaffordable to middle class families; if they voiced any concern about any
other social injustices, such as the increasing segregation between wealthy and
poor and racial divide between the two publicly funded schools in Sausalito.

Plan Bay Area will do little, if anything, to create a more balanced, socially
equitable society because it does not deal with the root causes of poverty. It
is merely a smoke screen being used to bypass public input into local planning
decisions.

Plan Bay Area erodes democracy and creates a top-down, autocratic form of
government.

Instead of allowing the citizens of towns, cities and counties to control the
direction of growth and their environment, we are now being dictated to by
regional commissions, whose members are not directly elected by the citizens, on
how much development each town, city and county must build within the next 25
years.

High-density housing does not guarantee affordability unless caps are placed on
rental units and condos.

I moved to Marin in the 1970s into a HUD-financed apartment, that was not low
income, but reasonably priced, with annual caps for rental incomes.

Why haven't those been built? Why shouldn't tax breaks be given to homeowners
who build affordable second units or to owners of existing apartment complexes
who provide affordable units instead of subsidizing wealthy developers to build
massive developments?

Have any reasonable alternatives been seriously considered?

Our leaders should not abdicate their authority to make decisions on behalf of
their constituents about growth in Marin to a regional commission.

If they are truly concerned about social equity, they should look toward
bringing higher-paying jobs to Marin and asking retail establishments, fast food
franchises, hotels, etc. to pay fairer, more livable wages.

Michele Barni of San Quentin Village has been involved in local environmental
and planning issues.

LOAD-DATE: June 20, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


    Copyright 2013 Marin Independent Journal, a MediaNews Group publication
                              All Rights Reserved


                              486 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                The Denver Post

                          February 13, 2013 Wednesday
                              WED REGIONAL Edition

Civil unions or a cloister? Please

BYLINE: Vincent Carroll

SECTION: OPINION; Pg. 25A

LENGTH: 715 words


Tolerance may be the most admired virtue in America today -- but it remains
notably difficult for many to practice. Even those most effusive in their praise
for tolerance sometimes resort to raw power to silence or marginalize those
whose speech or behavior they dislike.

And so we witnessed last week the spectacle of the Colorado Senate passing a
civil unions bill while refusing to include a serious religious exemption to
protect freedom of conscience. Senate Bill 11 exempts only a "priest, minister,
rabbi or other official of a religious institution" from having to certify a
civil union -- as if this were even necessary. There isn't a court in the land
that would allow this state to define a religious sacrament, and the bill's
sponsors know it.

Meanwhile, left in legal jeopardy are organizations of even explicitly religious
orientation such as Catholic Charities and other ministries involved in social
services. Last year, the bill's sponsors were willing to shield such groups with
an exemption, but that was when they were clawing for votes. Now that victory is
assured, such civilized tolerance has gone by the boards.

I should mention that I have supported civil unions for the better part of a
decade and thus am no Johnny come lately to a cause that now polls so well. But
the First Amendment's protection of the "free exercise" of religion is vital,
and it doesn't merely apply, as Sen. Pat Steadman, D-Denver, suggested Friday,
within the confines of a cloister. At the very least it also means an agency
that is part of a religious community should be able to dedicate itself to
placing kids in homes with a mother and father without persecution by the state.

To defenders of traditional marriage, however, Steadman had stern words. "So,
what to say to those who say religion requires them to discriminate. I'll tell
you what I'd say. Get thee to a nunnery and live there then. Go live a monastic
life away from modern society, away from people you can't see as equal to
yourself, away from the stream of commerce where you may have to serve them."

In a single outburst, Steadman thus confirmed the worst fears of orthodox
believers -- that militant secularists are intent on punishing any belief or
behavior that conflicts with gay-rights goals.

"Should religion trump laws of general applicability?" Steadman asked in making
his case. "I don't think so."

Never? We allow religious pacifists to become conscientious objectors in time of
war. The courts have protected Jehovah's Witnesses from requirements to salute
the flag and recite the pledge -- and said they can get unemployment benefits if
they quit a job after transfer to a plant making military equipment.

Steadman's reference to laws of "general applicability" comes from a dreadful
1990 high court opinion holding that Indians participating in the ritual use of
peyote did not enjoy a religious exemption to anti-drug laws. That case
delivered a body blow to the free exercise guarantee, but it didn't kill it
outright, even for commercial enterprises. For example, of the 14 for-profit
plaintiffs suing the government for its contraception mandate, "11 have secured
injunctive relief against it," according to the Becket Fund for Religious
Liberty.

What harm would it possibly do for the House to add to SB 11 an exemption for
religious social ministries -- or more broadly, for religious conscience,
period? Does the odd florist or photographer who might not want to have as
clients a gay couple celebrating a civil union really threaten the foundation of
civil rights?

We heard a great deal Friday about religious intolerance, with historically
muddled references to the Spanish Inquisition, Taliban, Holocaust, and slavery
(nothing about how the anti-slavery movement was galvanized by religious
sentiment, of course, but never mind). "Some very awkward things" have been done
in the name of religion, one senator reminded us.

Yes, indeed. And some very awkward things have been done in the name of
government, too. Yet what does either have to do, here and now, with the
question of whether a mother can freely take her infant to a private agency that
will find an adoptive family that reflects the values she ardently desires?

E-mail Vincent Carroll at vcarroll@denverpost.com Follow him on Twitter
@vcarrollDP

LOAD-DATE: February 16, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                         Copyright 2013 The Denver Post
                              All Rights Reserved


                              487 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          KTXL-TV, Sacramento, Calif.

                 Distributed by McClatchy-Tribune Business News

                            February 10, 2012 Friday

Provocative Pamphlet Printed at State Printer

BYLINE: Sonseeahray Tonsall, KTXL-TV, Sacramento, Calif.

SECTION: STATE AND REGIONAL NEWS

LENGTH: 416 words


Feb. 10--SACRAMENTO -- Ironically, on the night that much of the state's gay and
lesbian population was cheering Proposition 8's gay marriage ban being ruled
unconstitutional, state workers were sounding the alarm about something they say
marginalizes the gay community with its crassness.

It was a print order.

There would be nothing strange about a pamphlet provided by the state health
department reviewing the symptoms of sexually transmitted diseases and how you
may be tested for them.

But a pamphlet with anatomically correct male stick figures engaged in various
sexual acts.

That was just too much for man who works for the state printer and spoke out to
FOX40.

224448160-10143018

This is an image from the pamphlet. Click on it for more of what the pamphlet
said and showed. WARNING: Graphic Content.

"It's almost like a how to manual to have gay sex," he says.

He was shocked along with his colleagues when he saw parts of a job being run
Tuesday night.

He asked FOX40 to conceal his identity for fear of losing his job.

He has no issue with the AIDS prevention information being tailored for gay men,
but he does take issue with the printed words he saw being used for any group.

"The language used: they're usingthe F-word, you know? And male sex organs using
the C-word and the D-word," the man said.

All of that comes with the supposed endorsement of state department of public
health and federal funding.

The state worker who spoke out says 75 percent of the pamphlet's pertinent
health content is cheapened by the 25 percent that delves into sexual positions
and depth of penetration.

"Let everyone live the way they want to live, but I just don't think the
taxpayers need to be giving tips to a certain segment of the population on how
to live better that way. It's not their job," the man said.

This state worker says his colleagues brought their concerns to acting state
printer Kevin Hannah, who took the matter to his superiors.

Now the print job is in a holding pattern.

Anita Gore, the deputy director of public affairs for the State Department of
Public Health, tells FOX40 that the print job is under investigation.

She says that there's an appropriate way to educate people about sexual health
and an inappropriate way and that this printing was inappropriate.

She also says procedures designed to review materials before they go to press,
were "breached."

___ (c)2012 KTXL-TV (Sacramento, Calif.) Visit KTXL-TV (Sacramento, Calif.) at
www.fox40.com Distributed by MCT Information Services

LOAD-DATE: February 11, 2012

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

ACC-NO: 20120210-5KT-Provocative-Pamphlet-Printed-at-State-Printer-0210-20120210

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper

JOURNAL-CODE: 5KT


                                 Copyright 2012


                              488 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                     Deseret Morning News (Salt Lake City)

                              July 3, 2005 Sunday

Latinos get short shrift in TV network news

BYLINE: Richard J. Gonzales Knight Ridder Newspapers

LENGTH: 746 words


Latinos are a people yearning for visibility.

The major TV networks' evening news broadcasts present a distorted view of
America, according to a recent report by the National Association of Hispanic
Journalists.

More than 30 million Americans open an electronic eye to the world with their
nightly news. Whether it's "ABC World News Tonight," "CBS Evening News," "NBC
Nightly News" or "CNN NewsNight," millions get their news fix from these shows
and their anchors.

In the interest of fair and accurate news coverage, NAHJ has monitored the
quantity and quality of Latino news stories by the major networks since 1995.

The association's "2005 Network Brownout Report," released this month, finds
that the networks continue to marginalize Latinos. The Latino presence in this
country continues to grow, but you couldn't tell it from the near invisible TV
news air time. Latinos are fleeting, ghost-like images in TV news land.

According to the study, 33 percent of the Latino stories were 30 seconds long or
less. When shown, Latinos are viewed as border jumpers, narco-traffickers or
patriotic soldiers willing to die for their country.

Illegal immigration, drug dealing and the Iraq war are certainly news -- but so
are Latino teachers, doctors, police officers, attorneys and social workers who
don't make the TV national news cut.

Media moguls don't seem to consider Latino achievement as network prime-time
worthy. Media consultant Federico Subervi and NAHJ staffers researched
Vanderbilt University's Television News Archive for the study. They found that
in 2004:

-- Of the 16,000 stories aired, 115 (or 0.72 percent) were exclusively about
Latinos.

-- Of the 548 hours of news time, three hours and 25 minutes -- less than 1
percent -- were devoted to Latinos.

-- 34.7 percent of the Latino stories were about immigrants.

-- Half the Latino stories did not feature an interview with a Latino.

-- Only six Latino stories showed Latino reporters, and four of these were
Telemundo reporters.

The networks generally portrayed Latinos as a social problem and a burden to the
country. Of the Latino video coverage, 41 percent showed unidentified groups of
Latinos and images of them crossing the border illegally or being arrested by
the Border Patrol.

In a review of the findings for the past 10 years, NAHJ found that Latinos are
consistently portrayed as an immigrant strain or victims of the American Dream.
In 1995, the networks aired stories about California's efforts to cut benefits
to undocumented workers. In 2004, the networks showed Arizona's push to cut
social services to undocumented workers.

Few stories dealt with the immigrants themselves or the conditions that drove
them to risk all for a chance to work and earn some money. For the most part,
immigrants are faceless, nameless people from an alien world.

Over the past 10 years, the viewing public has learned little of the growing
importance of Latinos to this country's progress and much about their drain on
the economy.

The news media certainly shouldn't act as propaganda tools for any special
interest. Neither should they shy away from the controversial and provocative.
But at a time of heightened security, the media should be wary of repeating the
mistakes of the hot and cold wars of the past century.

"Reds," Nazi sympathizers, the Japanese and spies were seen lurking in the
universities, the literary world, Hollywood and minority communities.

Back then, Americans said that they were guarding against the "Red menace" and
subversives. In fact, with the help of the media, they succeeded in scaring
themselves and hurting law-abiding citizens.

Never again, some say.

Just examine how long it took for the news media to recognize that there were
never any weapons of mass destruction in Iraq. Instead, they played into the
Bush administration's WMD mantra and had most of us believing it.

Network news walks a fine line of presenting balanced news coverage that informs
on the good, the bad and the complex. The networks would better serve their
viewers if they showed Latinos not as a monolithic people but diverse in a land
of diversity.

Latinos don't ask for special treatment in nightly news. They ask for coverage
that presents a more realistic portrayal of their presence. They ask for
exposure so viewers can point to the tube and tell their young, "Look, they're
real people after all." Richard J. Gonzales is a columnist for the Fort Worth
Star-Telegram. Readers may send him e-mail at Rgonz37034aol.com.

LOAD-DATE: July 3, 2005

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                 Copyright 2005 The Deseret News Publishing Co.


                              489 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                               The New York Times

                December 19, 1999, Sunday, Late Edition - Final

The Israel-Syria Talks

SECTION: Section 4; Page 12; Column 4; Editorial Desk

LENGTH: 118 words



To the Editor:

I suggest a sale of property as a possibly peaceful solution to the issue
confronting Israel and Syria (news article and editorial, Dec. 15).
Approximately 17,000 Israeli homes have been established in the Golan Heights.
After permitting Syrian access to this area (and not beyond), the Syrians would
be permitted to bid for and purchase homes on an individual basis.

At Israel's discretion, if this process proceeds in an orderly and peaceful
manner it would be allowed to continue. If Syria, as a nation or as individuals,
disrupts or marginalizes the process it should be totally negated with a quick
return to the status quo.

HARVEY WENICK
Alexandria, Va., Dec. 15, 1999

http://www.nytimes.com

LOAD-DATE: December 19, 1999

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Letter

                   Copyright 1999 The New York Times Company


                              490 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                             Missouri Lawyers Media

                           February 23, 2013 Saturday

Verdicts & Settlements February 23, 2013: DOJ, Castlewood settle HIV
discrimination claim

BYLINE: Donna Walter

SECTION: NEWS

LENGTH: 659  words


An HIV-positive woman alleging disability discrimination will receive $115,000
as part of a settlement between the U.S. Department of Justice and Castlewood
Treatment Center.

The American Civil Liberties Union of Eastern Missouri represented Susan Gibson,
who sought treatment at the Ballwin-based center in November 2010 for a relapse
of anorexia. A former registered nurse, Gibson has had HIV since 1989.

"Excluding a person from necessary medical treatment because of HIV is
unconscionable, and it marginalizes those people with HIV," said Anthony
Rothert, legal director of the ACLU-EM. "And, frankly, a medical facility, if
anyone, should know better. "

Castlewood denies it discriminated against Gibson and disputes her damages,
according to the settlement agreement.

According to the agreement, Castlewood delayed Gibson's enrollment in the
program until May 2011 before the staff told Gibson the center would not take
her due to her HIV status. Throughout those months, Castlewood referred Gibson
to other facilities.

The treatment center's spokesman, James Bates, of Sitrick and Company in Los
Angeles, said in an emailed statement: "Castlewood's sole intent was to assure
optimal patient care. After evaluating all pertinent factors Castlewood's
professional staff concluded that Ms. Gibson would receive more appropriate care
at an in-patient facility. Castlewood has always and continues to put the
interests of those seeking treatment above everything else and does not
discriminate in patient care. "

The reference to an "in-patient facility," means a hospital, Bates explained in
a follow-up email.

In July 2011, Castlewood offered to admit her to the program if she would agree
to have her blood drawn at a hospital. Gibson refused and was admitted to a
treatment center in California in August 2011.

The treatment center asserted that the July 2011 offer of admission would have
entitled Gibson "to full and equal enjoyment of the goods, services, facilities,
privileges, and accommodations offered by Castlewood," the settlement agreement
states.

In a statement, Gibson said: "The fright over the possibility of spreading HIV
has been over for more than a quarter of a century, and there is no excuse for
the ignorance and hysteria to continue. Common sense is generally all that is
needed to prevent the spread of HIV. "

She filed a complaint with the Justice Department's Office of Civil Rights,
which investigates Americans With Disabilities Act and public accommodations
claims. Gibson's claims were not filed in any court.

In addition to paying $115,000 to Gibson, the treatment center has agreed to pay
a $25,000 civil penalty to the federal government.

"The Department of Justice has told us that this is the largest amount that's
ever been paid to someone as part of an HIV-discrimination settlement and it's a
tie for the largest civil penalty that's been paid," Rothert said.

The civil penalty, he said, "will allow investigations like this to go forward.
"

Justice Department attorneys signed the settlement agreement Feb. 6.

Nancy Albus, Castlewood's executive director, signed the settlement agreement on
Jan. 26.

The settlement also requires Castlewood to implement and post a written policy
stating it does not discriminate against people with disabilities, including
HIV, and to train its staff on complying with the ADA. The Justice Department
will monitor Castlewood for four years under the agreement.

  DISABILITY DISCRIMINATION

Venue: U.S. Department of Justice, Office of Civil Rights Case Number/Date: Not
filed/Feb. 6, 2013 Caption: U.S. v. Castlewood Treatment Center Plaintiff's
Attorneys: Anthony Rothert, American Civil Liberties Union of Eastern Missouri,
St. Louis, for Gibson; Thomas E. Perez, Eve L. Hill, Gregory B. Friel, Sheila M.
Foran, Alberto Ruisanchez, David W. Knight and Megan E. Schuller, U.S.
Department of Justice, Washington, D.C., for the federal government.



© 2013 Dolan Media Newswires. All Rights Reserved.

LOAD-DATE: March 2, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

DOCUMENT-TYPE: Legal activity (lawsuits etc.)

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2013 Missouri Lawyers Media
                              All Rights Reserved


                              491 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                             Daily News (New York)

                           December 23, 2002, Monday

HISPANICS SPLIT ON EMMYS

BYLINE: By DONNA PETROZZELLO DAILY NEWS STAFF WRITER

SECTION: TELEVISION; Pg. 74

LENGTH: 249 words


A proposed Latin Emmy Awards show has gotten a cold reception from some Hispanic
media organizations.

As outlined by the National Academy of Television Arts and Sciences, the awards
show would honor producers, actors and crews in Spanish-language programming and
would air on Spanish-language networks.

Hispanic media advocates contend that by design, the show would recognize
programming produced largely outside the United States and would fail to
acknowledge the majority of Hispanic-Americans who work on English-language
productions based in the U.S., but would still carry an all-encompassing title.

"Calling a show like this the Latin Emmys is such a misnomer, it's not even
funny," said Alex Nogales, president of the National Hispanic Media Coalition,
based in Los Angeles. "That does nothing but marginalize Latinos.

We're not against an awards show for Spanish-language programming, but we'll
fight to the finish against having a show be called something it's not."

The proposal has encouraged a divide between the New York-based NATAS and the
Los Angeles-based Academy of Television Arts & Sciences, which does not support
creating the Latin Emmy Award show as described by NATAS.

Any new Emmy show must be approved by both groups. But NATAS is seeking to
reverse that rule through arbitration and gain legal power to create Emmy Awards
on its own.

"If [ATAS doesn't] want to do it with us, then they should let us do it alone,"
said NATAS President Peter Price.

LOAD-DATE: December 23, 2002

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

                        Copyright 2002 Daily News, L.P.


                              492 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Globe and Mail (Canada)

                            August 1, 2001 Wednesday

'A good man gone ga-ga,' critics say;
Ramsey Clark, a U.S. attorney-general in the 1960s,;
snubs his nose at American foreign policy, again

BYLINE: MURRAY CAMPBELL

SECTION: INTERNATIONAL NEWS; Pg. A3

LENGTH: 897 words


When he visited Slobodan Milosevic in jail yesterday, Ramsey Clark cemented his
reputation as a good friend of accused war criminals.

The former U.S. attorney-general met the ousted Yugoslav president in the
detention centre of the United Nations war-crimes tribunal at The Hague to
advise him how to conduct his defence on charges of crimes against humanity.

For the lanky Texan, it's the continuation of a 25-year fight against U.S.
foreign policy. For his legion of critics, it's another indication that Mr.
Clark is, as a colleague once said, "a good man gone ga-ga."

Mr. Clark, 73, has been at odds with the establishment ever since he left its
warm embrace. His evolution from a supporter of the Vietnam War to a harsh
critic of U.S. military actions has made him an easy target of those who
succeeded him in Washington's power structure and of those who chronicle it.

The New Republic magazine condemns him as "disreputable" while the on-line
magazine Salon accuses him of being "the tool of left-wing cultists."

But Christopher Black, a Toronto lawyer helping with Mr. Milosevic's legal
counterattack, said that Mr. Clark is simply living according to his principles
and that this is difficult for the establishment he forsook to understand.

"They always try to marginalize the left by saying we're either old-fashioned
wing nuts or Stalinist hard-liners," Mr. Black said. "Any emotive word that
condemns you off the bat, they use."

Mr. Clark was once in the same position. As the attorney-general in 1968, he
told antiwar protesters in Wisconsin that they should take their grievances to
Hanoi rather than Washington. The same year, he used his power to prosecute Dr.
Benjamin Spock for advocating resistance to the military draft.

At the time, Mr. Clark was pursuing the career that had been determined by his
pedigree. His father had been the U.S. attorney-general in the 1950s and later
served on the Supreme Court. While working at the Dallas law firm founded by his
grandfather, Mr. Clark followed his father into Democratic politics and was
brought into the U.S. administration by John F. Kennedy and Robert Kennedy.

For a time in the 1960s, Mr. Clark was mentioned as a prime presidential
candidate by those who admired his common touch but once out of government, his
politics took a turn to the left.

He was still a centrist when he ran unsuccessfully for a Senate seat in New York
in 1974. But by 1980, however, he joined a forum on "crimes of America" in
Tehran at the time when Iran was holding U.S. citizens as hostages.

In 1986, he offered comfort to Libyan leader Moammar Gadhafi after a U.S.
bombing campaign against his country. His reputation took more knocks when he
represented political maverick Lyndon LaRouche on mail-fraud charges and then
helped the Palestine Liberation Organization defend itself in a lawsuit over the
hijacking of the Achille Lauro cruise ship.

In 1990, he was a high-profile critic of the war in the Persian Gulf and he also
aligned himself with the Workers World Party, a breakaway left-wing group that
supported China's massacre of protesters in Tiananmen Square in 1989.

In the past decade, he has taken on an assortment of accused terrorists, accused
war criminals and ex-Nazis. He has defended native activist Leonard Peltier,
accused terrorist Lori Berenson, accused Rwandan war criminal Elizaphan
Ntakirutimana as well as Radovan Karadzic, the Bosnian Serb leader charged with
war crimes.

He even spoke out in favour of Bill 101, Quebec's controversial language law,
defending it as "sensitive effort . . . to preserve a precious culture."

He also founded the International Action Center in New York to oppose U.S.
military efforts.

His political metamorphosis bewildered some of his long-time friends.

"I don't get him as a human being," a former law partner was quoted as saying.
"He was and is a total enigma to me and I don't think anyone worked with him as
closely as I."

Mr. Clark was unavailable for comment yesterday, but he has said he simply makes
it his business to keep an eye on his government.

"My concerns are peace and human rights," he said in a 1999 newspaper profile.
"I want to witness, describe."

Toronto lawyer David Jacobs, who is handling appeals by Rwandans convicted at a
war-crimes tribunal in Tanzania, praised Mr. Clark as "an exceptionally brave
and diligent professional."

Sara Flounders, co-director of the IAC, said Mr. Clark is eager to help Mr.
Milosevic (who has vowed to defend himself before the tribunal) because he
believes he is at the mercy of a justice system designed to cement the victory
in Yugoslavia by the United States and its allies in the North Atlantic Treaty
Organization.

Mr. Clark condemned the 1999 NATO bombing of Yugoslavia to end the army's purge
of ethnic Albanians in Kosovo as a violation of human rights. He visited the
Yugoslav leader in October, 1999, and later drafted an indictment charging U.S.
and NATO leader with crimes against humanity in violation of the UN Charter.

Mr. Clark is scheduled to meet Mr. Milosevic again today in his isolation cell.

Ms. Flounders said she expected Mr. Clark to take the shellacking he is
receiving for aiding Mr. Milosevic the way he has always taken criticism - as
something that goes with the radical turf he has staked out.

As he once said: "I believe in a free press. I'd like to see one."

LOAD-DATE: September 21, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Illustration

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


 Copyright 2001 The Globe and Mail, a division of CTVglobemedia Publishing Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              493 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                       St. Paul Pioneer Press (Minnesota)

                          December 26, 2007 Wednesday

Green Bay / Group will continue anti-nativity lawsuit

BYLINE: Pioneer Press

SECTION: WISCONSIN

LENGTH: 690 words


An organization of atheists and agnostics won't drop its federal lawsuit against
Green Bay even though the nativity scene that sparked the suit was taken down
from City Hall on Wednesday morning.

Annie Laurie Gaylor, co-president of the Madison-based Freedom From Religion
Foundation, expected the suit would be filed Wednesday or today.

"The point is, the city has done something unconstitutional, something really
in-your-face," Gaylor said. "We want an order so they don't do it next year."

The group's lawsuit, dated Dec. 24, claims the display depicting the birth of
Jesus is an unconstitutional governmental endorsement of religion. It also
claims City Council President Chad Fradette and Mayor Jim Schmitt allowed the
display to provoke and marginalize those who would object.

Fradette did not immediately respond to an e-mail or a phone message Wednesday
afternoon.

After an earlier debate about whether the city should sponsor the nativity
scene, the City Council voted 4-1 to keep the display but put all other requests
on hold until it could draw up guidelines.

Twelve residents opposed to the display are joining the lawsuit. They include a
Unitarian Universalist, an agnostic and a devout Buddhist who wants permission
to put up his own religious symbol in May.

- Associated Press

Franklin / Man arrested in fatal hit-and-run

Police arrested a 49-year-old man Wednesday for driving into a couple as they
stood beside their vehicle while visiting relatives on Christmas and then
driving away. The couple died from their injuries.

Gary Kitchen, 53, and his wife, Barbara, 52, were hit about 6 p.m. Tuesday,
according to Franklin police.

Capt. Clark Groen said a tipster led them to the man. His name was not
available. Police are investigating whether alcohol may have been a factor.

Gary Kitchen died at the scene. His wife was flown by helicopter to Froedtert
Memorial Lutheran Hospital, where she died a short time later.

- Associated Press

Manitowoc / Cat hides out in wall to escape house fire

A full-grown cat crawled into a 1½-inch opening in the wall of a Manitowoc home
to escape a Christmas Eve fire. The cat was found in good health Christmas Day.

The cat squeezed into the opening for a door that slid into the wall between the
living room and foyer, firefighters said. The door had been removed earlier.

The blaze started about 7:40 p.m. near a wood-burning fireplace. Firefighters
and the homeowner, Steven Lorenz, unsuccessfully looked for the cat that
evening.

They went back the next day and found it when Lorenz saw the cat's eye sparkle,
even though the cat hadn't made a sound.

A firefighter was able to pull the cat out of the crevice, located in an
undamaged wall about 15 feet from most of the fire damage.

- Associated Press

Sparta / Man, 23, found dead in motel room

The body of a 23-year-old man was found in a motel in Sparta, but police said
they don't suspect foul play.

The body would be taken to Madison for an autopsy, Sparta police said in a news
release.

Police were called to the motel Sunday morning "for a welfare check," but they
didn't say who placed the call.

"At this time there is no evidence to indicate foul play was involved," the
release said.

The man's name was not released pending notification of family.

Sparta is in west-central Wisconsin, about 25 miles northeast of La Crosse.

- Associated Press

Madison / Conservation group receives $12.5M gift

The Nature Conservancy has received 374 acres, cash and other assets worth an
estimated $12.5 million as a gift for a nature preserve near the Mukwonago
River.

The environmental group said its gift is from the late Newell and Ann Meyer.

The land is in Eagle, about 30 miles southwest of Milwaukee. The property will
be open to the public after a dedication next spring to name it the Newell and
Ann Meyer Nature Preserve.

Mary Jean Huston, state director for the Nature Conservancy, said the Meyers
originally bought 80 acres in Eagle in 1976 as a summer retreat. After they
retired from their newspaper jobs in Milwaukee, she said, they purchased
additional properties nearby with the goal of amassing enough land to create a
large nature sanctuary.

- Associated Press

LOAD-DATE: January 8, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                     Copyright 2007 St. Paul Pioneer Press
                              All Rights Reserved


                              494 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                Sentinel & Enterprise (Fitchburg, Massachusetts)

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Locals hail pope for reaching out to gays

BYLINE: By Jack Minch, jminch@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: NEWS; Local

LENGTH: 704 words


Pope Francis managed to be inspiring and challenging during his transcontinental
meeting with the media Monday, according to the pastor of Leominster's St.
Cecilia Church, the Rev. Francis Goguen.

Pope Francis spent about one hour and 20 minutes meeting with reporters on his
flight from Brazil to Rome, addressing many issues, including gays and lesbians
in the clergy, as well as the role of women in the Catholic Church.

"He seems very sincere," Goguen said. "He's had a lot of experience in life. He
has a positive outlook on the good news of the Gospel and reaching out to
others, especially those less fortunate."

Pope Francis said he will not judge holy men who are trying to follow God, no
matter what their sexual orientation is.

"If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has goodwill, who am I to
judge?" Francis asked. "We shouldn't marginalize people for this. They must be
integrated into society."

The pope was widely hailed both inside and outside the church for his comments.

"I think it shows the kind of man he is," Goguen said. "He's a nonjudgmental
person."

The Rev. Susan Suchocki Brown, of the First Church Unitarian Universalist in
Leominster, was surprised by Francis' broad-minded approach to the subject of
gays and lesbians.

"I think it speaks volumes of his willingness to engage with people, as opposed
to engage (in) stereotypes and saying maybe the church needs to explore a
broader mission," Brown said.

Catholic priests take a vow of celibacy. Those who have to repress their
sexuality are prevented from expressing their full selves, she said.

"If the pope is being more open to expressing yourself as a full being, that is
pretty outstanding," Brown said.

Pope Francis is giving the church a new kind of leadership with his willingness
to discuss the roles of gays and women in the church, said Dennis Galvin of
Westford, who is a practicing Catholic and one-time member of the St. Catherine
of Alexandria Parish Council in Westford.

"He's vibrant and strong enough to try to engage in dialogue in these things,
and I think the church needs someone who can give you that kind of leadership
now," Galvin said. "We have to see what direction he goes."

But Ray Delisle, spokesman for the Worcester Diocese, said although the pope's
comments are popular, they didn't break new ground.

"The comments about homosexuality, et cetera, may be more striking because they
are said by the pope matter-of-factly, but there is nothing new there," Delisle
said. "The catechism has always been very blunt, differentiating between
supporting homosexuality and supporting the dignity, whether they are homosexual
or heterosexual."

If a priest is living a celibate lifestyle, the issue of his sexuality is a moot
point, he said.

Pope Francis' comments don't change Pope Benedict XVI's instruction in 2005 that
men practicing homosexuality and supporting that lifestyle won't be admitted to
seminaries, Delisle said.

As for women, Galvin said the issue of ordaining them is a theological problem.
He believes they need to take other leadership roles in the church.

"There is absolutely no reason why, in any other type of situation, women can't
be involved with major leadership positions," Galvin said. "I think there should
be a much greater role for laity in the church leadership, in general. I've
always believed in that."

Sisters Janet Badagliacca and Loretta Ciccarelli, of the Religious Venerini
Sisters in Fitchburg, co-founded Beacon of Hope in Leominster, which offers
evening programs for people with developmental and intellectual disabilities.

The order of Venerini Sisters was founded by Rosa Venerini, a feminist of sorts
who wanted her nuns to do whatever is necessary to meet the needs of their
flocks, Ciccarelli said.

"Our foundress, in her day, felt women needed to be doing whatever the need of
the church may be," Badagliacca said.

Delisle said Pope Francis' comments must be put into context. Women have a
larger leadership role in the United States than they do in other parts of the
world, where many of the leadership roles in the chancery are already filled by
women, he said.

Follow Jack Minch on Facebook, Tout and Twitter @JackMinch.

Material from the Associated Press was used in this story.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pope Francis answers reporters questions during a news conference
aboard the papal flight on its way back from Brazil on Monday. Pope Francis
reached out to gays on Monday, saying he wouldn't judge priests for their sexual
orientation in a remarkably open and wide-ranging conference. AP Photo
The Rev. Goguen É Pope is "nonjudgmental"
Sisters Janet Badagliacca, left, and Sister Loretta Ciccarelli are of the
Religious Venerini Sisters. They co-founded Beacon of Hope in Leominster, which
offers evening programs for people with developmental and intellectual
disabilities. SENTINEL & ENTERPRISE / BRETT CRAWFORD

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc. and Mid-States Newspapers, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              495 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                       San Jose Mercury News (California)

                           November 28, 2006 Tuesday

GOP hopes its chief will stand up to governor;
NEW MINORITY LEADER LED OPPOSITION TO BONDS

BYLINE: Steven Harmon, MediaNews Sacramento Bureau

SECTION: A; Pg. 1

LENGTH: 844 words


The bipartisan glow that enveloped the Capitol this year may give way to
partisan rancor, with combative conservative Michael Villines preparing to lead
Assembly Republicans in the next legislative session.

Villines, a Republican who was raised in San Jose and now lives in Clovis,
seized power by riding the support of conservative lawmakers, who rejected
former minority leader, San Diego Assemblyman George Plescia, who was viewed as
overly conciliatory toward Gov. Arnold Schwarzenegger.

But while Assembly Republicans hope the move will make them more of a force to
be reckoned with, political observers say the move could marginalize them.

``They've gone for a guy who was in Schwarzenegger's face in opposing the bond
measures, and rendered themselves a little more irrelevant in the process,''
said Tony Quinn, co-editor of California Target Book, a non-partisan publication
that tracks the Legislature. ``That's their problem. The governor will simply
deal with the Democrats and when he needs six Republican votes on the budget,
he'll pick them off one at a time.''

A 1985 graduate of Oak Grove High School, where he was the sixth man on the
varsity basketball team, Villines' conservative roots go back to his
grandfather, a Dust Bowl migrant from Oklahoma who landed in the Central Valley
as a fruit picker, eventually becoming a small farmer. Villines' father, one of
12 children, moved to San Jose to work for Raytheon, a defense contractor, and
his mother was a Bay Area volunteer coordinator for Proposition 13 in the late
1970s.

Villines left San Jose to attend Fresno State University and remained in the
Fresno area.

``I grew up in an active Republican home,'' he said. ``I'm a traditional
conservative.''

His election to leadership, Villines said, was to ensure Republicans had a
``strong voice at the table. Last year, the administration would negotiate with
Democrats and then come and get the six Republican votes they needed. We want to
work as an active partner with the governor, so we're providing 15 or 16 votes
on important issues.''

Republicans are in the minority -- they hold only 32 of the 80 seats in the
Assembly -- and generally are only able to influence legislation when a
two-thirds vote is needed, such as to pass the state budget.

Villines, 39, was an advance staffer for then-Gov. Pete Wilson and a chief of
staff for term-limited state Sen. Chuck Poochigian, R-Fresno. He has two more
two-year terms remaining, compared with Plescia, who had one term left. That
will allow for more leadership continuity, Republicans said.

More importantly, Republicans said, Villines has displayed the kind of stiff
resolve that conservatives thought Plescia lacked. Villines, who represents a
conservative Fresno County district, voted against last year's budget and
fiercely opposed the infrastructure bond measures. He wrote the official
argument against the $19.9 billion transportation bond initiative.

``They're sending a message that we're not going to be as compliant with the
governor as they might have before,'' said a Republican insider who spoke on the
condition of anonymity. ``There's a sentiment overall that the governor is only
Republican when he feels like it, that he's disregarded, if not ignored,
Republicans. We've all figured out that the governor only pays attention to you
if he thinks that he needs you.''

Plescia, 40, served as GOP leader for only seven months, finding himself thrust
into the center of complex negotiations over the budget and bond measures when
his predecessor, Kevin McCarthy, stepped down to run for Congress. Plescia
became the object of ridicule after Democratic gubernatorial candidate Phil
Angelides' campaign leaked an audio tape in which Schwarzenegger's chief of
staff Susan Kennedy likened Plescia to ``the deer that keeps getting caught in
my yard when I leave the gate open.''

Some Republicans say that more than a shift to the right, the caucus wanted to
put the embarrassing incident behind them, which reinforced how irrelevant
they'd been last year.

``It was the perception that the governor didn't have a high respect for
(Plescia),'' said Livermore Republican Assemblyman Guy Houston, who declined to
say whether he voted for Villines. ``It was an unfair perception, but I don't
see that much difference between George and Mike. This was not an ideological
thing at all. It's a matter of style and perception with how we were going to be
received.''

Plescia has pledged ``full support and cooperation'' in the transition, but
sidestepped comment on his ouster.

Democrats are bracing for a return to more legislative logjam after a season of
relative cooperation, said Steve Maviglio, spokesman for Assembly Speaker Fabian
Núñez, D-Los Angeles.

``This will make this year's budget cycle much more difficult,'' Maviglio said.
``The big loser is Governor Schwarzenegger. If he thought they were a wild bunch
before, now it's an entirely new ballgame. It would be a shame if they'd throw a
land mine over what we achieved this year.''

Contact Steven Harmon at sharmon@cctimes.com or (916) 441-2101.

LOAD-DATE: November 28, 2006

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2006 San Jose Mercury News
                              All Rights Reserved


                              496 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                                   USA TODAY

                           October 21, 2015 Wednesday
                                 FIRST EDITION

The vulnerable will be the victims

BYLINE: Charles C. Camosy

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 7A

LENGTH: 362 words


California required legislative sleight of hand to pass physician-assisted
suicide in a special legislative session that bypassed committee votes.  This
broke a string of defeats -- even in  liberal states such as  Massachusetts,
Connecticut, New Jersey and previously in California. In an embarrassing loss
for supporters last month, the British Parliament rejected it, 330-118.

Many lawmakers have reconsidered this issue, particularly after listening to the
views of minorities and the disabled. While a 2013 Pew survey found  that 47% of
Americans approve of doctor-assisted suicide, for Latinos the percentage falls
to 32% and for African Americans to 29%. Disability communities overwhelmingly
reject it.

But what could their argument be? Don't they have compassion for people
suffering  terrible pain at the end of their lives?

Oregon reports that pain doesn't even make the top five reasons people seek
doctor-assisted suicide. Instead, people are afraid of losing  autonomy and
dignity. Notably, they're afraid of becoming a burden on others.

In the face of a youth-worshiping country that marginalizes the sick and dying,
we should resist making the vulnerable feel like a burden -- not make it easier
for them to kill themselves. Dignity doesn't come from the illusion of power and
control, but  from mutual dependence and love.

What happens when  whole cultures legalize this? Belgium and the Netherlands
have found out the hard way. They started with limited laws and safeguards. But
then they simply changed the law. Now people in the Netherlands get assisted
suicide  simply because they are going blind; Belgians can get it simply for
having suicidal thoughts.

Think it can't happen here? If physician-assisted suicide  is  about the right
to do what you want with your body free of government interference, then who are
we to judge? How can we set arbitrary limits? If the so-called right to die
permeates U.S. culture, nothing can stop the logic behind the myth of individual
autonomy. Safeguards will fall, laws will change, and the victims will be the
most vulnerable.

Charles C. Camosy, an associate professor at Fordham University, specializes in
bioethics.

LOAD-DATE: October 21, 2015

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

PUBLICATION-TYPE: NEWSPAPER


                      Copyright 2015 Gannett Company, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              497 of 999 DOCUMENTS

                                   USA TODAY

                   August 24, 1994, Wednesday, FINAL EDITION

Enforce laws evenly

BYLINE: Bruce Fein

SECTION: NEWS; Pg. 10A

LENGTH: 396 words


Should government enter the incendiary business of picking and choosing among
religions to grant exemptions from secular laws? History emphatically answers
no.

Horrified by the religious wars of the 17th and 18th centuries, the founding
fathers sought to avoid any reprise in the United States. Thus the religion
clauses in the Constitution command government neutrality - a neutrality that
neither establishes an official church, nor prefers one religion to another, nor
promotes religion over non-religion.

This standard of neutrality wisely marginalizes religion as an object of
political controversy. Religion evokes uniquely strong emotions, as seen in
Northern Ireland, Lebanon, Bosnia, India, Israel and the spread of Muslim
fundamentalism. And these emotions characteristically erupt into unthinking
bitterness or violence if the government is perceived to be taking sides on a
religious issue. That is precisely why the Supreme Court held in 1990 that
evenhanded enforcement of laws that advance secular purposes passes
constitutional muster, even if there is intrusion on the practices of a
particular religion.

USA TODAY now urges that the religious use of peyote by Native American Church
members be exempt from anti-drug laws and the possession of daggers (a sacred
Sikh symbol) by Sikh children be exempt from school no-weapons policies. But USA
TODAY opposed last spring a similar initiative by New York to accommodate the
secular education of Hasidic Jewish handicapped children. The glaring
discrepancy raises an ugly appearance of anti-Semitism.

Once the business of granting religious exemptions begins, there is no neutral,
non-inflammatory stopping point. For instance, Mormons and Muslims enjoy as
strong a claim to exemption from anti-polygamy laws as do Native Americans from
drug prohibitions. The Amish's request for exemption from Social Security taxes
because their creed renounces the corresponding benefits is as persuasive as is
the Sikh exemption from a no-weapons policy.

If not all claims to religious exemption from civil laws are granted, which
would invite anarchy, religious divisions will deepen, contrary to the hopes of
the founding fathers. Meanwhile, the Supreme Court's standard on evenhanded
enforcement of laws and policies with secular purposes - like drug control and
school safety - should not be trifled with.

LOAD-DATE: August 25, 1994

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

TYPE: Debate

THE EDITORIAL PAGE; Today's debate; FREE EXERCISE OF RELIGION; OPPOSING VIEW;
Beware appearing to play favorites among religions; keep the high court's
standard.; Bruce Fein is a former associate deputy attorney general.

                      Copyright 1994 Gannett Company, Inc.


                              498 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                           Lowell Sun (Massachusetts)

                             July 30, 2013 Tuesday

Local Catholic leaders praise pope's views on gays

BYLINE: By Jack Minch, jminch@sentinelandenterprise.com

SECTION: TOP

LENGTH: 744 words


Pope Francis managed to be inspiring and challenging at once during his
transcontinental meeting with the media Monday, Leominster's St. Cecilia Church
pastor the Rev. Francis Goguen said.

Pope Francis spent about one hour and 20 minutes meeting with reporters on his
flight from Brazil to Rome, addressing many issues, including gays and lesbians
in the clergy, as well as the role of women in the Catholic Church.

"He seems very sincere," Goguen said. "He's had a lot of experience in life. He
has a positive outlook on the good news of the Gospel and reaching out to
others, especially those less fortunate."

Pope Francis said he will not judge holy men who are trying to follow God, no
matter what their sexual orientation is.

"If someone is gay and he searches for the Lord and has good will, who am I to
judge?" Francis asked. "We shouldn't marginalize people for this. They must be
integrated into society."

The pope was widely hailed both inside and outside the church for his comments
about gays.

"I think it shows the kind of man he is," Goguen said. "He's a nonjudgmental
person."

The Rev. Susan Suchocki Brown, of the First Church Unitarian Universalist in
Leominster, was surprised by Francis' broadminded approach to the subject of
gays and lesbians.

"I think it speaks volumes of his willingness to engage with people as opposed
to engage stereotypes and saying maybe the church needs to explore a broader
mission," Brown said.

Catholic priests take a vow of celibacy. Those who have to repress their
sexuality are prevented from expressing their full selves, she said.

"If the pope is being more open to expressing yourself as a full being, that is
pretty outstanding," Brown said.

Pope Francis is giving the church a new kind of leadership with his willingness
to discuss the roles of gays and women in the church, said Dennis Galvin of
Westford, who is a practicing Catholic and one-time member of the St. Catherine
of Alexandria Parish Council in Westford.

"He's vibrant and strong enough to try to engage in dialogue in these things,
and I think the church needs someone who can give you that kind of leadership
now," Galvin said. "We have to see what direction he goes."

The pope's comments are popular but didn't break new ground, said Ray Delisle,
spokesman for the Worcester Diocese.

"The comments about homosexuality, et cetera, may be more striking because they
are said by the pope matter-of-factly, but there is nothing new there," Delisle
said. "The catechism has always been very blunt, differentiating between
supporting homosexuality and supporting the dignity, whether they are homosexual
or heterosexual."

If a priest is living a celibate lifestyle, the issue of his sexuality is a moot
point, he said.

Pope Francis' comments don't change Pope Benedict XVI's instruction in 2005 that
men practicing homosexuality and supporting that lifestyle won't be admitted to
seminaries, Delisle said.

Some priests, such as the Rev. Nicholas Sannella at Immaculate Conception Church
in Lowell, and the Rev. Andy Knop, OMI, at St. William Church in Tewksbury, had
yet to read all of Pope Francis' comments and were not comfortable discussing
them.

Sisters Janet Badagliacca and Loretta Ciccarelli, of the Religious Venerini
Sisters, in Fitchburg, co-founded Beacon of Hope in Leominster, which offers
evening programs for people with developmental and intellectual disabilities.

The order of Venerini Sisters was founded by Rosa Venerini, a feminist of sorts
who wanted her nuns to do whatever is necessary to meet the needs of their
flocks, Ciccarelli said.

"Our foundress, in her day, felt women needed to be doing whatever the need of
the church may be," Badagliacca said.

Galvin said the issue of ordaining women is a theological problem and declined
to discuss it. He believes they need to take other leadership roles in the
church.

"There is absolutely no reason why, in any other type of situation, women can't
be involved with major leadership positions," Galvin said. "I think there should
be a much greater role for laity in the church leadership, in general. I've
always believed in that."

Pope Francis' comments must be put into context, Delisle said. Women have a
larger leadership role in the United States than they do in other parts of the
world, where many of the leadership roles in the chancery are already filled by
women, he said.

Follow Jack Minch on Facebook, Tout and Twitter @JackMinch.

Material from the Associated Press was used in this story.

LOAD-DATE: July 30, 2013

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Pope Francis talks with reporters during a news conference aboard the
papal flight on its way back from Brazil on Monday. Pope Francis reached out to
gays on Monday, saying he wouldn't judge priests for their sexual orientation in
a remarkably open and wide-ranging conference. AP Photo Sun staff photos can be
ordered by visiting our MyCapture site.
Pope Francis speaks during a news conference aboard the papal flight on its way
back from Brazil on Monday. AP Photo Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting
our MyCapture site.
"The church needs someone who can give you that kind of leadership." Dennis
Galvin, former member of St. Catherine of Alexandria Parish Council, Westford
Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our MyCapture site.
"He seems very sincere." The Rev. Francis T. Goguen, St. Cecilia Parish,
Leominster Sun staff photos can be ordered by visiting our MyCapture site.

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


                      Copyright 2013 MediaNews Group, Inc.
                              All Rights Reserved


                              499 of 999 DOCUMENTS


                          The Tampa Tribune (Florida)

                           November 5, 2009 Thursday
                                 FINAL EDITION

Theater for knuckleheads

BYLINE: J. KELLY LANGE, Special To The Tampa Tribune

SECTION: LOCAL NEWS; Pg. 17

LENGTH: 443 words


By J. KELLY LANGE

Special To The Tampa Tribune

A dead fish, a horse's head in some guy's bed and an assertion that "the White
House has declared war on Fox News" was how Charles Krauthammer started his
commentary Oct. 25 ("More than a Fox hunt."

Hoo-ah, I said to myself, "The Hammer" is in full swing today. In the end,
however, Chuck's gangsteresque column shot more blanks than bullets, leaving it
more "The Godfather, Part Dumb."

The gist of his rant was that the administration has set about to marginalize
Fox News. From White House communications director Anita Dunn's statement that
Fox is "opinion journalism masquerading as news," to senior adviser David
Axelrod's declaration that Fox was "not really a news station," Krauthammer
drones on incessantly regarding the administration's alleged heavy-handed
tactics, alternating childishly between fear mongering and righteous
indignation.

It does appear as if the White House has finally decided to openly attack a
nemesis. Maybe Chuck's piece should have been titled "Black Sheep Becomes Wolf."
But what Krauthammer failed to do was to make a case that Fox News is, in fact,
a legitimate news organization.

No amount of subterfuge, even when ladled out by one of the right's best water
boys, can obscure this simple fact: Fox News is not a legitimate news
organization. It is AM radio with pictures. It is entertainment for Republicans.
It is where lackeys and puppeteers shout propaganda until the masses consider it
true.

Unfortunately for sour-Krauthammer, freethinking people have long considered Fox
News as the bully pulpit of the right, "bully" being the operative word. In
fact, if cable news organizations had existed during World War II, most
Americans would easily accept the notion that Fox News would have bullied for
the Nazis, just as they have for Republicans since the mid-1990s.

Of course, Fox News being a propaganda machine is a truth that must be refuted,
hence Krauthammer's ridiculous attempt at stratagem. And while I expect worker
bees to protect the hive of hypocrisy and its Queen Bee, Roger Ailes,
Krauthammer's absurdity reached a new low when postulating Fox News's
credibility hinged on evidence that his mom, "Foxy Lady," watched Fox News even
when he wasn't on. To my mind, Mama "Foxy Lady" Krauthammer watching Fox News
proves nothing more than the nut didn't fall far from the tree. It also proves
Fox "News" is nothing of the kind. It is theater of the absurd for knuckleheads
and their mothers.

J. Kelly Lange is a writer and business consultant who lives in Lutz.

Copyright © 2009, The Tampa Tribune and may not be republished without
permission. E-mail library@tampatrib.com

LOAD-DATE: November 20, 2009

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

NOTES: OTHER VIEWS

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspaper


           Copyright 2009 The Tribune Co. Publishes The Tampa Tribune


                              500 of 999 DOCUMENTS



                        The Atlanta Journal-Constitution

                             April 1, 2008 Tuesday
                                  Main Edition

Vote OKs sale of land behind Mitchell House;
Historic groups divided over development

BYLINE: KEVIN DUFFY; Staff

SECTION: METRO NEWS; Pg. 8B

LENGTH: 405 words


The Atlanta Historical Society voted Monday to move forward with selling land
behind the Margaret Mitchell House to Jamestown Properties, but opponents of the
deal say the tourist attraction will suffer.

The sale means the surface parking lot and a former bank building will be
redeveloped, and possibly 650 parking spaces will be built underground.

Critics of the transaction contend selling the property will hinder growth of
the Midtown attraction.

"If you sell that land you marginalize the Margaret Mitchell House," Mary Rose
Taylor, former executive director of the Margaret Mitchell House & Museum, told
the Historical Society trustees.

But sale supporters said the deal will enliven the area and provide money for an
endowment and a capital campaign to build a new visitors center.

Jamestown, which owns the 999 Peachtree office building across the street from
the Margaret Mitchell House, will pay at least $7 million for the 0.82 acre of
land.

Dewberry Capital provided an alternative $8 million proposal that would have
given the Historical Society a three-year window to buy back the property.

"We analyzed both deals and just felt Jamestown is in the best interest of the
organization," said board Chairwoman Cathy Manning. The Historical Society and
Jamestown will negotiate details, such as what will be built, before it is
finalized, Manning said.

"Anything that would be done over there should be architecturally consistent and
fit into the fabric of the neighborhood," Matt Bronfman, Jamestown's chief
operations officer, recently said. "You want to do something that really
activates the Margaret Mitchell House and embellishes it."

The building at Peachtree and 10th streets, where Mitchell wrote most of the
famous novel "Gone With the Wind" in apartment No. 1, won't be changed.

The Historical Society took over the Margaret Mitchell property in 2004. At the
time, the Margaret Mitchell board thought the Historical Society would preserve
the property and try to raise money for an endowment, but that didn't happen,
sale opponents say. "Over a period of 3 1/2 years every [fund-raising] proposal
has been thwarted," Taylor told the trustees.

Barbara Howell, another opponent of the deal, said the issue has divided the
Historical Society and the Board of Counselors of the Margaret Mitchell House.

"These two really great historical institutions are like this with each other,"
Howell said, pushing two fists together.

LOAD-DATE: April 1, 2008

LANGUAGE: ENGLISH

GRAPHIC: Photo: Associated Press file photoBehind the Margaret Mitchell House
are a parking lot and a former bank building. They are to be
redeveloped./ImageData*

PUBLICATION-TYPE: Newspapers


                Copyright 2008 The Atlanta Journal-Constitution
